Nick Akins: I think the last four years have shown a couple of things, one is the inconsistency of load from quarter-to-quarter and obviously we’ve had to work through that. I think the other thing in the last four years has shown us we have to adjust to it. And when you think about the levers that we have around O&M, but also have emerging revenue sides as well. I mean the transmission continues to pick up, there is no question. We’ll have to continue to invest in the grid, in particular transmission as well. And then we also have other investments like solar and those kinds of relationships with customers that are improving earnings as well. So I think when you look at the 4% to 6% we’re still confident in the 4% to 6%. And as we go through the year we’ll certainly be able to fine tune that in more detail, but I guess the overall message is we feel like we have the ability as we’ve done in the last four years to be able to compensate for any of these issues that occur. And there is no question, I mean, any business has to adjust based upon what the sales forecast looks like, but also they got to look at the revenue side as well and ensure that we’re doing everything we can do there to do its work as well. So Greg I know there is a lot of concern out there about load forecast going forward, if we trend it out. And of course what we do to irregular generation, but at the end of the day we are going to adjust to it And I think we take very seriously the consistency that we’ve build and maintained over the last four years and we don’t interim on giving that up.
Nick Akins: Yes, we look at stored value, it's gives us a lot of opportunity, but we have the ability to invest indigenously within our own footprint and we also from a transmission standpoint and other revenue producers that we’re working on to really define that, whether it's an energy company of the future or whatever you want to call it. But there is no doubt that we have built up a strong balance sheet with great credit metrics. And obviously we intend on maintaining that but at the same time there is the ability for us to look at various options for the use of that debt. And it's actually a good place to be in, but also in this day and age and how the economy of doing and what's going on there it's a good place to be.
Nick Akins: Yes, ultimately we can also do that, I think that’s an option for us to do. But AEP is sort in a different place. We have some outstanding issues, that we’re working through with the commission, the perk [ph] that we just got was one of those. But we also have the Supreme Court cases on capacity, they will come back, and on the RSR. So we are working through a rest of outstanding issues and each one of those is generally positive for AEP. So we want to work through those and get them resolve, and I think it's a great opportunity for us to do that. And at the end of the day, if that other companies are successful then obviously we will take a hard look at that. But we want to make sure that we are investing in this state and those areas that make sense and we are doing it well from a transmission and distribution perspective. We’ve got to get this generation things settled once in for all.
Nick Akins: No, I think clearly and we’re probably little more quiet about it because the major part of our business is around infrastructure, infrastructure development on the transmission side. We have a huge transmission system, so we have a lot of ability to invest. But you’re always looking for sources of new revenue and we see it as another tool in the tool box to be able to focus on enhancements of earnings because obviously there is near term benefits of a protection tax credits, and we’re after doing that.  We just did a universal scale or utility scale project in Utah that hasn’t been announced yet. We can’t say who but it's a 20 megawatt project. And then we also have several other small projects with municipalities and so forth in New York and other locations around the country. And we’ve been doing that and we know how to do that. What we really are focused on though is ensuring that we do have a place to deploy our capital in the wisest fashion and that can certainly augment our business, but our main focus is the focus on the infrastructure and what it means. And it goes beyond solar. It goes to relationships with customers and I sort of alluded that in my opening discussion, we have a much broader relationship with some of these customers that goes beyond solar, it goes to obviously renewables with storage. We’re very focused on storage aspect. Our investor in Greensmith for example, integration of solar and wind, but also in energy storage. And you see those applications coming together from a distribution standpoint and that’s going to be a huge benefit to us. So, obviously we want to be in the solar business, but we also going to be in the wind power business, it's really addressing tailored needs of customers focused around that customer experience. And so in an ancillary fashion it's coming to pass, but we’ll probably be getting larger at it, but we’ll good at it and we’ll be focused on ultimately those customer experience side of things.
Nick Akins: Yes, essentially that’s right. But at the same time we want the earnings driven by the utility business to drive that consistency. Well, if you’re able to augment with long-term purchase power arrangements, whether it's solar or whether it's anything else then it's qasai regulated that we can show consistency and that’s what we -- that’s the first thing we measured on. So we’re not out there doing solar just for solar sake or solar with counterparties that we’re not sure that they’re going to be there or not. We’re being very selective about what solar projects and what counterparties we become involved with and I think and certainly Chuck Zebula who is running that business, I think probably all know him, he is very structured in the way he addresses these things just like he did with even a lot of this un-regulated generation. We performed extremely well in doing that business regardless of whether we should be in it or not, that’s another question. But when we do it, it's very disciplined, it's very structured and it's very focused on what we are trying to achieve. So you’re exactly right. For us -- I mean if you look at the use of proceeds, if we have catch proceeds coming in from a transaction, then obviously one of the issues that we talked about earlier was repurchase of stock. But obviously if you can invest in a long term solar project and take the PTCs upfront, that’s also a great measure for investment as oppose to buying back stock. So there is a lot of thing that are on the table that we’re preparing as we work through the process of that disposition of cash for example. So I think to be the energy company of the future, you’ve got to be involved with all these facets of the business and understand that facet of the business, but you got to be very disciplined in your approach. And we just have a -- I wouldn’t say a different view in terms of whether all of these resources, there should be a balance at our resources, we agree on that. I think the issue is we are very focused on the wires piece of it and how it interacts with the customer and in the future you are going to see a lot of these distributed solutions that are driven by the customer interaction at the distribution level and we are going to be there to do it.
Nick Akins: Yes, let me give you an idea of this my perception of the timing. We have the framework of legislature that we’re addressing with stakeholders now and that’s -- whether it's legislature, whether it's other that are important to in discussion process, other participants in the market, those kinds of things. We are going to focus on that between now and November. And then November is when the Ohio legislature comes back into place. And keep in mind, I am talking about the first tranche of assets, this is really regarding the second tranche which is, what formally was the PPA assets. So the first tranche, that’s moving along, it's already -- the train’s left the station and it’s moving forward. The second tranche, I am saying from the restructuring standpoint, we’re going to go through and have the legislature and have discussions with stakeholders to get that process in place in November when Ohio, the legislature comes back into session. It will be a lame-duck session. So we will have to make sure that we focused on those legislatures that will still be around and the future leaders of that organization. And then that way we can hit the ground running with legislature that’s already been by and large embedded and discussed in the first quarter by the first of the year. So in the first quarter you’re starting with the new legislature, I think we going to know pretty quickly whether people are open to the possibility of this kind of thing happening or not. And at that point in time, we have already started our secondary process as I talked about around the PPA assets, getting the data room ready, all that kind of stuff. And we’ll make a determination of where we think Ohio is going to go. Ohio many people didn’t think the PPA would happen in Ohio and it did happened. And I still think there is going to be some form of restructuring in Ohio because there has to be. But the question becomes; number one, are people receptive to it; number two, is the time frame appropriate for what we’re trying to achieve. The driver here will be that secondary process and we’ll have to get some determination as to whether the openness and the collaboration in the State of Ohio would work to get something done during the pendency of all that. So that’s where we’re at. And so when we think about that you’re probably taking the decisional process in the first quarter of next year that we’ll know whether Ohio if there is a chance of moving forward with that thing or not. And so that will tell us what we need to know.
Nick Akins: I’ve made it very clear in the state that we’re not going to investment in the generation in this state, period. Until something is resolved from restructuring standpoint that enables us to invest and do it in a wise fashion. And the legislation includes the ability for AEP Ohio to not only transfer those assets that were under the PPA to AEP Ohio, but also to be able to have a mechanism for investment in future generation. And obviously the State of Ohio is very interested in getting natural gas going. There is a lot of discussion about -- there is three or four natural gas units getting built, but that’s locally inadequate of what the Ohio load actually is. And so there is a capacity deficiency in Ohio and if Ohio wants to take advantage of additional natural gas build out, the additional structural addition such as pipeline infrastructure, electric transmission infrastructure, the economic development follow-on to all of that, there is no reason for Ohio to give that up and so there has to be a mechanism to do that and that’s what we’re after.
Nick Akins: Yes renewables as well and we’ve had discussions, some -- there is different opinion on when, there is different opinions on solar, most are for solar, some are against wind. But I think there is dialogs to where we can probably reach some happy medium.
Nick Akins: I think reregulation has the kind connotation that everything is going to be slammed back into the wires company and there won’t be any ability to shop and other participants can’t participate in a market. So we are focused on reaching that balance of the ability for the utility to invest, but also others to invest as well, and customers to be able to. So that’s really the distinction. Re-regulation just as a large to the connotation to it and it actually is a much heavier lift to put entire Genie back in the bottle.
Nick Akins: Well, that’s not our preference obviously. And that’s going to be determined on the second tranche of generation for sure. Our intension is to make sure that we can transfer these assets back into the large company, and enable the ability for to continue to invest in new generation in a creatable fashion. And it will take a legislative mechanism to do that and we also obviously want to make sure that we accommodate other participants in the market in some fashion and that’s part of dialogue. But those two things are what we’re after.
Nick Akins: Yes, so we plan on updating that at EEI in November, particularly as it relates to ’17 and beyond. We know where it is for this year and it's been pretty good. It's a -- 15 million to 20 million has been added for this year, so those projects is a the huge pipeline of projects and I think you’ve probably heard others talk about, there is a lot of solar projects out there but we are going to pick and choose the ones that match up to what our degree of risk is, and we want to make sure that that business continues to grow, but we are going to be very disciplined in order to approach. So we will have more on that at EEI in November.
Nick Akins: And it's not that -- it's what we’re doing with wind power and with energy storage as well. And it could be even more defined energy service relationships as well.
Nick Akins: So I am thinking -- okay. So it really is more of a soaking period because what we want to do is in November we’re talking to the other stakeholders and come to the legislature with what we believe is a balanced package that other participants in the market can latch onto as well. If we do that then the discussion we’ve already had with legislators, we’re trying to get to every legislator we can, that we know is going to still be around and then that would be -- November we’ll get an early indication of where things are going. But really nothing -- I am not expecting anything can happen until the first of the year when the new legislature comes in. But obviously we’ll know who is coming in, so we can have that soaking period from November to December and then in earnest move that legislation forward. I know that’s aggressive but what we’ll be looking for is really the feedback that we get in terms of not only whether it can get done or not but in terms of timing, it will be an important consideration for us. So, I don’t see legislation actually getting done until first quarter or second quarter of next year. But if we know it's coming and we know what’s entailed in it, then we can plan for it.
Nick Akins: I certainly think that they are part of the equation and certainly we want to be able to accommodate as much as we can, the investments that have been made in the stake of some of these independent power producers. And keep in mind I mean they can still have PPAs because they’re not affiliated, so there are opportunities for them to actually confirm earnings in the period where obviously being an independent power producer is not a good time to be in that business right now. So, I am not going to go into who we’ve been having discussions with or anything like that, but I would have to say that they are an important part of the puzzle here.
Nick Akins: The proceeds for the non-PPA assets -- so that process will go forward and the priority will be, we will look at as much ramping up as we can do relative to transmission investment and another types of investments to fill -- to make sure that the earnings come in as quickly as possible. Obviously solar could be a piece of that as well. And we are obviously looking at other measures that we can do to invest more quickly to address the level of cash that’s coming in. So we will obviously fill in more of the detail of that in November as well.
Nick Akins: Paul, I don’t want to tell which ones -- which assets to use, I think with your knowledge of the industry you could probably come up with something that would be reasonable for what those would be, other have, somewhat missed it terribly. But I think the smarter people like you in the industry can figure it out pretty readily.
Nick Akins: So from a non-PPA piece, as we get final bids in August, it will probably take -- it could be third quarter early fourth quarter to have a completed deal that we would announce at that point in time. And then the process would occur relative to closing and that could fall into 2017, but obviously the deal will done and we’ll get to closing. So in likely it will take -- once the deal is done, it's could take around six months, maybe nine months to actually close.
Nick Akins: Paul there are couple of things going out -- I am sorry Steve, in Kentucky in particularly we just had some rate relief and we are looking at when it makes sense for us to go back. But in Kentucky in particular to governor’s office is looking at ways to trying track a new businesses and retain the businesses in those areas that are negatively impacted by what’s happening with coal and we from an economic development perspective are certainly working with the governor and the state legislators to try and see we can be a productive part of that.
Nick Akins: And Steve keep in mind too we’ve converted some of the coal to natural gas as well. So the big Sandy side is converted to natural gas, Clint Rivers is converted to natural gas. Those are operational now and you’ll probably see more natural gas build out, but also on the renewable side you will continue to see expansion from that perspective. And as Brian mentioned we’re actually have been working, our economic development people have been working with the states to present these sites as brownfield sites for manufacturing and industrial. So we’re working to try to reinforce those service territories as much as we possibly can.
Nick Akins: I’d say though that there is a -- I mean a lot of damage that’s been done to coal country, there is no question about it. And whoever gets elected in this process really needs to focus one way or another on reinforcing a hugely depressed area. And each one of them has their own way. I mean Hillary Clinton wants just do several billion, focused on rehabilitating from a jobs perspective and that kind of thing. That seems like a longer term issue. And of course Donald Trump is on the other side saying he’s putting the miners back to work and I don’t know exactly how that works. But either way I think both of them, they really ought to be focused on reinvigorating that part of the country, since it's been so devastated by what’s happened recently.
Nick Akins: I think you read that right. We’re going to have to gauge the receptivity from the legislature that comes into play at that point in time and we’ll have a lot of groundwork already done. So we’ll have a good feeling I think about first quarter or where this is going to go. Now, if it -- and keep in mind that second tranche is continuing in parallel. So, we’re not slowing down on that. What we’re saying is we’re going to gauge that first quarter and you may get an announcement from us that if we’re not sensing that it's going in the right direction in Ohio then we’ll say we’ve got the second tranches, it’s moving along and we’ll give an update to that. If we see that legislation can get done then there will be an expectation to get that legislation done as quickly as possible, but we’ll have to continue, we’re in the tranches until we know for sure that legislation is going to happen. So, I would say you’re going to hear something from us first quarter, perhaps the beginning of second quarter, but I believe in first quarter you will hear from us, some very significant policy around that.
Nick Akins: So we are going to provide a more fulsome update on longer term growth rate when we will get together after the announcement of the conclusion of the strategic review of the asset. We would like to have an Analyst Day when we go into all that, sort of reset growth rate if it's time to that and take a look at use of proceeds if that’s what we’re facing at that time and give you more fulsome view hopefully later this -- in the autumn this year.
Nick Akins: So without answering, which we’ll answer obviously later in the year as Brian said. We have really, we’ve really brought up the kind of company this is going to be in the future and that will be one driven by transmission, distribution, focus on wares and the convolution of resources and energy services associated with that. So it's going to be a very, very good company going forward from a consistency basis, but also from an investment standpoint and what we’re are investing in. I think it will position us very well for the next 100 years.
Brian Tierney: Gregg, you know this management and you know how we use that balance sheet capacity in the past. It's been on prudent regulator type utility investments and I think you’d expect us to spend any of our balance sheet capacity on a similar way going forward.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so it's should not impact tax rates going forward at all. So it was a favorable federal tax adjustment related to a settlement of a federal tax audit issue, where we had a tax valuation allowance recorded in 2011. And talk about how is legacy an issue, this is -- that was related to litigation that stemmed out of the Enron bankruptcy. So we are going back pretty far in history, these things take a long time to work their way through the IRS and ultimately a congressional committee and that’s what happen on this, so it's great to get that resolved and behind us, but don’t expect anything like that to be a recurring item.
Brian Tierney: Paul, we would like to be able to come out and have an Analyst Day when we do have something to announce on that strategic review that’s underway and we would have a discussion of that that time.
Brian Tierney: I think, as I mentioned early we have a robust set of bidders, so I hate to give a mini guidance at this point.
Brian Tierney: As we do an update, being half through the year and looking at where we have been year-to-date. We anticipate being closer to flat by yearend versus 2015.
