Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So we have filled in – so obviously, we sold the business sooner than we thought. So we had the $0.09 in for the competitive assets that we sold. We sold them early. So we think there's about a $0.06 hit to our full-year for that. But Chuck and his team are working hard to fill that in, to the degree that they can, with what they're able to do in the retail business and wholesale trading and marketing, in addition to what they're able to do in the renewable business. So while it has been a hit, they're working hard to fill that in. And again we don't have – for the remaining part of that business it's about $0.09 or $0.10 as well, so it's not a big swing one way or the other.
Brian X. Tierney: I think for the balance of the year we don't anticipate giving any back, so we've gotten ahead versus where we thought we'd be. But I wouldn't anticipate a big drag one way or the other in that business.
Brian X. Tierney: Jonathan, and that's where we get a little crosswise, even with ourselves internally. We had adjusted for it in the budget, but when you look at the comparison to the prior year, it's going to show a negative.
Brian X. Tierney: And that also will largely eliminate as we work our way through the year. It's a larger percentage of the quarter. It's a very small percentage of the full year.
Brian X. Tierney: So billed, we can measure exactly. When you look at accrued, there's a fairly detailed calculation that gets you to the accrued calculation – gets you to the accrued number. So when we present billed and accrued, there is fairly more volatility in how we present the numbers than if we just show what we billed. Remember on a year...
Brian X. Tierney: Right. So on a year-over-year basis, these things flatten out. When you look at the incremental periods, there's less volatility in just showing the billed. And we wanted to present both of them, Jonathan, because we want to make sure that we're not hiding anything. And like I said, Bette Jo strongly objected to us showing the billed and accrued in the appendix. That's kind of a joke actually. But we felt that both presentation allows you to figure it out. But we felt that billed-only reflects more accurately the trend.
Brian X. Tierney: We have some room in our balance sheet to be able to that, and we continuously look at that as we're trying to measure how much CapEx we put into growth, how much dividend we pay out to our shareholders and what the strength of our balance sheet is. But if we were to get some of those incremental projects, either renewable or transmission, we believe we could fund those without having to access the equity markets.
Brian X. Tierney: So, I think we were looking at about $0.09 from the competitive generation assets and $0.09 or $0.10 from that business – the go-forward business that we were going to keep; so, all together, about $0.20. We're at about $0.14, now. We still think we'll be in that $0.20 to $0.25 range for the combined businesses for the full-year.
Brian X. Tierney: So we had a solar project where we had the investment tax credit where it's realized contemporaneously, so that's what drove it down. So we had the investment tax credit on a solar project where we realized it in the beginning period.
Brian X. Tierney: There is, Stephen. Part of what we're trying to balance is – I joked that a little over a year ago, the U.S. Congress dropped $3.5 billion on our Treasurer's lap and said, hey, can you use this in terms of bonus depreciation. And then, we had proceeds from a sale of about $2.2 billion again this year. And what I think we've shown is an ability to put that excess capital that we found to work in growing our business organically. The benefits of those things start to wane a little bit as we get to the end of the decade and those credit metrics get back in to the middle part of the range, how do I say it, naturally as some of the benefits that we're working through have been reinvested in the business, one, and expire in terms of the tax benefits, two.
Brian X. Tierney: So, we got an administrative order from FERC that allowed us to go back and put our 205 filing in effect January 1, and that allowed us to pick up $0.04 or $0.05.
Nicholas K. Akins: So just to clarify that, obviously it showed a reduction, but because of the leap year, we still looked at it year-on-year. So if you adjust for that, load was pretty flat.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So we have several RFPs that have been out in various jurisdictions. But we also have the 900 megawatts in Ohio that we're moving forward with. And half of that at least will be AEP Ohio. And then the other jurisdictions, we have solar in Virginia, West Virginia, wind RFP in APCo. They're currently negotiating terms on the purchase of a 225-megawatt project. And then SWEPCO has a wind RFP where they'll purchase up to 100 megawatts of capacity that will also be owned. So you have several areas that are now emerging from an operating company perspective, where we're piecemealing in the renewable side of things from a build standpoint. We still have a couple of them that are outstanding from a purchase – power purchase arrangement. West Virginia and Virginia have a 120-megawatt PPA there, but most of these going in now are more build options.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, so as far as the wind RFP, that's probably toward the tail-end of the year, because it gets filed and then going through that process of negotiation and getting the approvals to get it done. As far as the Ohio PPAs, sort of the same type of schedule on those. We've got to go back to the Commission and get – we've already done the bidding and we've got to go back to the Commission and start reeling all those in. And by the way, the legislation makes it more prescriptive as far as new generation, but it won't stop us in terms of investing in the renewables in Ohio, in particular. So, Ohio, West Virginia, SWEPCO, those are moving ahead.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I think that's probably more long-term, but it really referred back or remanded back to the FERC to really focus on how to come up with the result that they did. So, as we look at it, I don't think it's going to have much impact in the discussions that we have. It could delay a decision, because they may want to get through that process, but we still feel like, as far as 206, it's in that reasonableness framework and FERC still – at least, the previous FERC. We have new FERC Commissioners coming on, I guess, pretty soon, but their driver will still be on the investment in transmission. And so, we expect them to fortify the results that they came up with and it should be fine.
Nicholas K. Akins: It could. As a matter of fact, the 900 megawatts is not included in our present forecast on the renewable – our financial forecast, so you have that. And what we're really trying to get with that second part of it, which you mentioned, is the ability to go back to the Commission in a very prescriptive manner to get the approval for whatever kind of resources we want to have done. So, those would all be incremental to that effort. And we really believe – in Ohio, if Ohio wants to take on its own resource portfolio, then there has to be a mechanism for that type of investment and we want to be there to make those investments. So, it would be incremental.
Nicholas K. Akins: Ali, just to go over one point, though, when – and I mentioned that our employees have been working really hard to look at O&M and those kinds of issues. When the quarter started out – the first quarter started out, we knew we were going to close this transaction. I think it was at the end of January, we closed it. So, we were $0.06 short. January and February, as you recall, were very, very warm winters and we knew we were getting behind from that perspective. So, we started the process of going through our organization to determine what we could do from an O&M perspective to bring all of this back into line – to alignment, and that's what we do. We do that on a regular basis and those plans are there, and we'll continue to manage that through the year. So, when you think about a $0.06 gap or anything like that, just remember, we know there's a $0.06 gap, too, and we're working through that. And our employees are used to this. I mean, it's amazing to me. I think – from a cultural perspective, over the last five years, we have certainly gotten to the point where our employees are fully engaged in what we're trying to achieve and demonstrate to our shareholders and to our customers. And I'm very proud when we have things like that occur, that we adjust to it, and we'll continue to adjust to it.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, first of all, on the rest of the competitive business, that strategic process is in place. It's been going on. Negotiations are going on and we expect a result on that before the end of the year. And remember, we've already written those assets down. So, from a financial standpoint we're practically out of it, but nevertheless, we're going through that process to ensure that we wind up with arrangements that we can live with relative to those assets. So, that will continue. As far as the retail is concerned, I know this discussion goes back and forth based upon the exposure relative to retail. From day one of the retail effort, we have been very, very disciplined in our approach. It's relatively small, about 450,000 customers. And we manage and hedge that very well regardless of whether we have generation or don't have generation. Now, it'd be preferable to have generation. Obviously, we're looking at that from a strategic standpoint. But nevertheless, we feel very good about where we sit from that perspective. The other side of it is strategic. I really believe that the retail customers we have, we have a relationship with those customers. And if you look at the future and what it holds relative to our business, that relationship is going to be critical, not only in terms of providing their energy needs, but in terms of the channel growth associated with additional earnings associated with serving those customers. So, at this point, I'd say as long as we can manage it and be very disciplined about it and it provides a strategic hedge for us, particularly if jurisdictions decide to go deregulated or whatever, we have the foundation to make sure we're successful. So, at this point, that's the way we look at retail.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. We're open to those opportunities because, obviously, having generation attached to it in some fashion not only provides a hedge, but also it could provide further benefits in terms of growth to that part of the business. But it has to be done in a very disciplined way.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, I think the way we look at it is, obviously, it's a continuing part of our business, but our business is really about the capital allocation. And it's about the issues that we have ongoing with our lines of businesses. So, if there's additional transmission capability out there, we're going to take advantage of it. If there's additional opportunities from a regulated infrastructure standpoint, we're going to take advantage of it. If there continue to be opportunities with a high threshold that Chuck maintain – Chuck Zebula maintains for his business, we're going to take advantage of that as well. But it'll all be within the context of ensuring that we get the most stable earnings capability that we can get and, as well, provide that consistency to the market and invest in the right things. That's clearly where we stand. So, it's hard to say what will happen in three years. And if you look at some of the things that we see, there's additional opportunities that we may or may not be able to take advantage of, that we have a pipeline of needs for capacity and for capital. And we're going to take advantage of it in the best way we can. So, it really is all about capital allocation, not about growing a contracted renewable business.
Nicholas K. Akins: Certainly, the tax effects are a critical part of this business. So, we'll make that determination when we know what the – any investment tax credits or whatever does relative to that. So, the key component around tax reform, you got to remember, though, and we want to maintain that position, is that we have less debt at the parent and, because we have debt at the operating companies, we have the flexibility to work with our jurisdictions on whatever the result is from a tax reform perspective. So, that in itself is a risk mitigation effort for us. So, we're not going to go longer in terms of risk relative to contracted renewables or anything else.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I guess the real question is, any proposal out of PJM, is it going to be timely enough for anything? Because it takes so long to get through any kind of process. So when they talk about market reform to adjust for what the states are trying to do because of a lack of ability to cover base load generation in PJM's competitive market, I think it's going to take time for them to do. I mean you put it in a stakeholder process and who knows when it makes it out. And then you go from there. So I guess and maybe my – our past history of dealing with the organized markets from a merchant standpoint is clouding my judgment. But I wouldn't bet on a lot of major changes there that would be particularly timely, particularly for nuclear and certainly for coal as well. And from a state perspective I support the state stepping up where the organized markets don't cover what needs to be covered to ensure that there is a balanced portfolio. And if FERC doesn't do it, then the states should. And the FERC should let the states do it, because unless you do, really focus on these organized market reforms that enable a balanced portfolio to continue to exist. It's a risk management question, not a literal market, lowest cost type of question. So until that's resolved, I support the states.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. We haven't discussed that. All really we can say is that the 14.5%, there are some legacy issues in there. So when a SEET test actually occurs, which I guess was filed second quarter of 2017 for 2016, that that would be excluded. So you look at it on its face value, 14.5% looks pretty robust. But you got to consider that there – whenever a SEET test is done, issues get excluded, which would bring that ROE down. But we haven't said what that is.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, didn't say that. No, didn't – no, I think what we're saying – we're saying is that, if there's opportunities to match generation in some fashion with the retail play, that that wouldn't – that could make sense. But it doesn't mean we're going to go acquire or buy or have more merchant generation to back it up. That's not the case.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So both are in; both are in right now. There are some legislators who have indicated because OVEC is probably a cleaner issue to drive through pretty quickly, because there's some reasons to get OVEC clarified that sort of – it's a much easier proposition to get done from a legislative standpoint. The broader question of this ability to invest on behalf of the electric distribution utility is a broader question that brings in probably more issues to be discussed. So, the question is, do you try to do it all together or do you just drive out the easy part first, and then deal with the one that has just the broader issues associated with it. So, that's what I was talking about. So, that's why – one may get solved – the OVEC thing may get solved third quarter, and then the other gets solved fourth quarter. And so, that way we can have a dialogue of all the parties and get a more robust solution on the second part of it. (53:41)
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, it was. We wanted more prescriptive language in there that allowed for – to ensure that OVEC can continue on from here on out till it gets that recovery from the AEP Ohio side because we never – that PPA has always been with AEP Ohio and stayed with AEP Ohio even with deregulation. So, we want to make sure that it continues to be attached to the AEP Ohio distribution company.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. No. What we're saying is if there was a hedging relationship that could be done through contract with a generation provider – just like we do in our normal hedging practice. Instead of hedge against the market, hedge against some generation. We're open to that. We're not open to owning generation. Been there, done that, not doing it again. So, as far as maintaining generation in Ohio to support the retail effort? No. That's not in the cards, either.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think it continues to be robust according to the plan. And certainly, as additional other opportunities arrives, we'll take advantage of it just like we have in the past. And Lisa continues to review her transmission projects and Transource's transmission projects as well, and will continue to do that. So, she – her business has performed very well, and we continue to see that progressing.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, so, wherever we can do it, certainly, we'd love to pursue formula base rates in the various jurisdictions because, obviously, it brings more concurrent recovery of invested capital. And you continue to do that. I mean, certainly, you mentioned Arkansas, I think in Indiana, Michigan there's some form of formula rate. So – there's riders associated with that, a lot of riders, but certainly from a formula-based rate perspective, we'd like to see that progress because these states that have large regulatory lags – and Oklahoma was a perfect example where you file a case and it takes a long time to get recovery and approval of the rates. And then, there's a haircut associated with it, but still drives the utility at subpar ROEs. I mean, here's, what, 7.6% or whatever it was in Oklahoma with an authorized return that's higher than that and you never catch up. We're having to file another rate case to make the point that, hey, we're not getting the returns from the investments that we're making in this state. So, for those states that have – I mean, it's fine to have – if you don't have formula-based rates, at least have a rate case mechanism that's timely and even some forward-looking aspects of it to ensure that we can invest the capital that's needed and required for the benefit of our customers. So, Michael, we're working on that across the board. It's really been in the context of riders, but where we can get it, we're focused on getting these formula-based rates in place.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. It's a constitutional issue in Oklahoma. So, yeah, we would certainly – that'd be a lot more support, I guess, than just legislative. But Oklahoma can fix the situation though, by – actually, in Oklahoma, we have had some pretty progressive riders in place and they've done a decent job of that, but the rate case aspects is just taking too long and getting results that are subpar and you're always behind the eight ball. So, we really need Oklahoma to step up the game a little bit in terms of our ability to make the investments that Oklahoma requires. I mean, Oklahoma is in a situation where they have a massive set of potential around generation to reduce customers' cost, and also these other mechanisms, investments to be made that really benefit. We did the tree trimming cycle in Oklahoma through a rider and it worked great from a outage recovery perspective. So, there's a lot of benefits out there that are being impeded by the progress to get these cases through. So, hopefully we'll make some progress from that perspective.
