Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, obviously, we want to get to a point of getting Commission approvals, because I think this is a huge project. It's a great project. If you look at it company-by-company, it's not that huge. But when you look at the companies involved, the areas involved, we need to go through with the regulators and make sure they understand and see the benefits; and, some already have, but the benefits that we see in this project. Once we get to that point, then we'll be in a much better position to talk about financing and capital required and whether we issue equity. We've talked in the past about it. When you have a large project that really made sense and that we could focus the investment on that as opposed to the general confers of the corporation, then we believe investors should like that. So if we go down the road, we'll figure out what the appropriate mix is. And obviously, you know, we continue to look at capital, look at our credit metrics. I want to make sure we – that we remain a very firm foundation for investment. So Brian, I don't know if you have anything add to it.
Nicholas K. Akins: There are just not many projects you'll run into – and you know, really, the sense of urgency around getting approvals for this thing is centered on the federal government's basically given a 62%, 63% off sale and – with the PTCs; and, to take full advantage of the PTCs, that's $2.5 billion alone. So obviously, we want to get this thing through. And when you get – take all that into account just to apply investment and that kind of capital and reduce customer bills as a result and produce actually a more – certainly, a more resilient system as a result, I think is a great thing. So – but we'll have to figure it out when we get there.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So you know, we've obviously assumed a natural gas price going forward, because, obviously, this is a important hedge against fuel cost. And when you look at – we did (37:59-38:10) differentials. Obviously, we looked at carbon, and we looked at the value of the production tax credit. So those three components certainly provided the center of the analysis. And we've looked at mid-range cases. We've looked at low cases in terms of natural gas pricing and that kind of thing, and it still stands up. I mean, when you look at the – certainly, the immediate benefits and the real benefits of the PTCs along with what could happen with carbon, what could happen with natural gas prices, it just looks like a great project. So...
Nicholas K. Akins: That's a good question. You know, obviously, our indigenous utility growth is centered on 5% to 7%. I think it should make the 5% to 7% more robust.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, we will. And then, you know, it's part of the normal rate making process, but we would obviously be filing for whatever CCN approvals and we got – there's an exception to the MBM rule, the Market Based Mechanism, in Louisiana that, I guess, a hearing just yesterday or the day before approved an exception for that. So you're going through the right steps to get to the point where the Commissions become comfortable with the investment, and then we'll go through the normal rate making process for both the generation and the transmission.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, certainly. I mean, obviously, you don't do a project like this without looking at the socio-economic benefits in the region and for the customers. So – and even Governor Hutchison this morning mentioned it's good for jobs in Arkansas as well, but substantial – certainly, there's substantial procurement in all four of the states involved.
Nicholas K. Akins: So with the previous rate case in Oklahoma, obviously, we were disappointed with that outcome; and, it was a somewhat challenging time in many respects. And when you – when we look at the present case, our message has clearly been that this is a very important rate case for Oklahoma, because Oklahoma was doing just fine from a jurisdictional perspective up until a couple of years ago, and then the last rate case was really deficient in terms of its outcome because not only was the timeframe long to get it resolved, but also the outcome is, in effect, chasing expenses that are being made on behalf of customers. So we've got to get that back on the right track, and that's why this case is so important. Not only will it send a signal that we can invest the way we feel like we should in Oklahoma, and can in Oklahoma, but also have an impact on projects like we just discussed, because you really have to think about investments in jurisdictions that are chronically short. Oklahoma has not been that, and I think we're viewing sort of a perturbation that we can recover from. And I truly believe that Oklahoma and Stuart Solomon down at PSO, which is our President down at PSO, is working very hard to get that message across to everyone involved that in order to have a successful Oklahoma from an energy standpoint, PSO has to be part of that picture. And certainly, we're focused on making sure we get a good outcome.
Nicholas K. Akins: Certainly, we still maintain our 5% to 7% earnings growth trajectory and, really, we'll have to see how this project gets resolved in combination with all the other projects that we're doing to see what it does to be ultimate growth rate going forward. So in and of itself, the project is incremental, but obviously, we need to – before we start talking about changes in growth rates, we need to make absolutely sure what project we have, and also how it plays in concert with all the other capital programs we have in place.
Nicholas K. Akins: So you have the 88 megawatts of Turk sitting out there, but when we did the analysis, you know, we showed that even though you're taking some 9 million megawatt hours of wind power and energy coming in, you still need the capacity across the board. And in fact, when we looked at the capacity factors of the other generation, you only saw a very small 1% to 3% drop off in terms of capacity factor on coal. And certainly, even with natural gas, it wasn't that large of a drop off. So this is really playing against, you know, the forward view of fitting in a slice of energy to the benefit of consumers, but still using the capacity out there that's available. So it could put more pressure on the unregulated part of Turk, but Turk is a very efficient unit not – I don't think it's going to be – I mean, any difference is probably going to be negligible at best.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, and we'd be looking for an outcome on those regulatory cases by April of next year. So we don't have much time to waste on that one. It really is – it's really driven by making sure we can take full advantage of the PTCs. That's the driver. And for the Commissions that take a look at this, you know, it is a fairly unique situation in that, yes, it's great generation resources. Yes, it provides considerable benefits to customers, but the timing of it needs to match up so that we can be successful in terms of putting it in place and taking advantage of those PTCs.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, Leslie, and really – and this is probably the most important point to be made in the regulatory filings, and I'm glad you asked that question. This is really – any wind power project is an energy play, not a capacity play. So from an energy perspective, you're going to get 9 million megawatt hours out of it coming into the system, but at the same time you're only going to get, I think, an SBP that's only like 7%. I may be off by a percent or two, but only 7% counts as capacity. So you still need the other units to provide capacity, and they fill in from an energy perspective as well. So we just have to keep in mind, this project, the difference in capacity and energy. We're not shutting any other units down. Those units are absolutely needed. But what it does do is provide more diversity from a resource perspective, low energy – very low energy pricing coming in to the sector, which means economic growth. And then, when you think about the transmission side of things, yes, it's a 765, 360-some-odd mile generation interconnect, but usually with large transmission you get large economic development. So I see this as just an extremely important project not just from a energy consumption standpoint, but from an economic development standpoint as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Absolutely. You know, you're basically – it's a hedge and it's an arbitrage against, primarily, fossil fuel generation resources. And so, if you're able to take the energy and continue with the capacity as used and useful, it's another powerful combination just like we used to do coal pricing versus natural gas pricing. Now you have coal pricing, natural gas pricing and, certainly, the intermittent resources provided from a wind power perspective. So just adds another part of the portfolio.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. No, it won't. Actually, that's the amazing part of it. You're investing a large part of the capital, but keep in mind the government's paying you – the federal government's paying you for a substantial part of this capital. And then, it's being used – from an energy perspective, you look at the overall cost to consumers, the cost of the capital being deployed through rate base, and then the attendant energy reductions through fuel, it's a benefit to customers. And that's where we come up with the $7 billion over the 25-year period. I mean, it's substantial.
Nicholas K. Akins: Oh, yeah. It's not like it's back-end loaded or anything. These – in year one, you're seeing benefits to consumers.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. Steve, there's no legislative changes. It's all done through the regulatory process. But just keep in mind, and this goes back to the investment – you know, whether it's in our capital plan or not. States deal with it in different fashions. I mean – and if we're talking April, we're going to have to sit down at the end of that April time period and figure out, okay, what are the risks to our shareholders of moving forward with this particular project given the – not only the regulatory outcomes, but also the other risk components that are involved with this as well. And we believe, certainly from a risk standpoint, from an operational and construction standpoint, if we can't put generators on top of poles and build transmission lines that we always build all the time, you know, we shouldn't be in this business. So it's not like building a central station generation facility. So you don't have the same level of risk from that perspective, but the risk part of it – part of the evaluation will be as well – be what kind of indications we're getting from the various jurisdictions because, some of them, you may get outright approval, some of you may get CCN approvals or CECPN approvals in Arkansas. And what is that going to mean? What is it going to mean in terms of risk? So we have another milestone. We continue to spend money on development of this project, because we feel like it's that important. But in the April timeframe, we will be sitting down with our board to talk about, okay, what have we learned? What are the options available to us and what are the risks being taken, and make a decision to continue on.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So you know these discussions have been going on for quite a while with multiple parties, and some of the issues are new and challenging issues. You know, when you think about Smart Cities and the technology deployment and everybody thinks they ought to have part of the game, and we think, you know, universal access was important and we should be the primary driver of ensuring that that access is providing to all consumers, including underdeveloped, but also others as well so. So it's challenging issues, and things you have to go back and forth with the different parties on. And we've been – I can say we've been fairly successful in conversations with several of the parties. And there's still a few issues that are still outstanding, but we feel like progress is being made.
