Nick Akins: Okay. Thanks, Darcy. And welcome again everyone to American Electric Power’s second quarter 2021 earnings call. Today we reported a strong second quarter operating earnings of a $1.18 per share versus a $1.08 for the same period of 2020. Our second quarter results reflect significant progress in terms of economic recovery throughout AEP service territory, with a continued focus on OEM as we navigate through what is hopefully an emergence from the COVID-19 pandemic. Gross regional product has already exceeded its pre-pandemic levels and important across AEP service territory is now 2% of its pre-pandemic levels after adding over a 163,000 jobs in the first six months of this year. Increased vaccinations combined with the additional fiscal stimulus from the American Rescue Plan are contributing to the strong demand for goods and services throughout the economy. AEP’s normalized retail sales in the second quarter of 2021 were the highest we have seen since the second quarter of 2018. Clearly, we are pleased with the improvements we have seen thus far and we will continue to monitor the recovery’s progress over the second half of the year.  Accordingly, we are reaffirming our 2021 guidance range of $4.55 per share to $4.75 per share and a 5% to 7% long-term growth rate and would be again disappointed not to be in the upper half of our stated guidance range as we have previously stated. Julie will be discussing these issues in more detail in her report. Rate case activity across our jurisdictions continues to be active and substantial. In Ohio, we are awaiting an order by the commission on the settlement reach involved with the commission earlier this year. As a reminder, the settlement has broad support in the settling parties including the commission staff, the Ohio Consumers Council, industrial companies, commercial companies and other entities like the Ohio Hospital Association. We expect a decision in the third quarter of this year. Public Service Company of Oklahoma filed a rate case at the end of April. PSO is seeking $115.4 million net revenue increase and a 10% ROE. The following transitions North Central costs from the right established in the approval into base rates.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly, obviously, it remains to be seen as far as transmission investment and really we think of T&D and what part of the business is associated with T&D. We have made some inroads in terms of in terms of backup generation, those kinds of things in terms of transmission. I really think there’s probably continued opportunity for development of storage capability, of other transmission related investments on the grid to ensure that we are able to adjust that. For us, we are doing a lot in terms of line of sight into the transmission grid itself. We are continuing to expand our scale abilities, continuing to focus on our ability to have even more transmission in place, because if you are looking for additional generation to be placed in various areas, well, transmission is a big part of that solution as well. So is that, I think, Texas is sort of a microcosm of the country when you start reevaluating the system based upon the needs from not only a natural gas perspective, but also from a renewable perspective, that brings in the whole planning effort and communication in real time associated with the operations of the transmission and it -- for that matter the distribution system as well. So I think they are making the right steps and I think there’s more steps to be made so and it’s going to be a sort of a multiyear top of effort, and of course, we are a big part of the transmission in Texas. So we will be certainly very focused on how the T&D business can be expanded to improve the resiliency of the T&D efforts. But that means Texas is really going to have to start thinking about resources and a broader view of resources like we are having to do for the rest of the system and transmission technologies, and for that matter, distribution technologies are going to have to be recognized in its ability to provide a more resilient grid. You can’t have these strict lines drawn between generation and transmission and distribution because that’s not the world we are in anymore. So, we will continue that focus. Every legislative session, every regulatory session will be centered on that effort.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So, yeah, obviously, I don’t want to get into too much detail there. I think, again, you answered it sort of right at the beginning. It is a confidential process. But I can say that we do have a credible interest and it is a competitive process.
Nick Akins: Well, I think, you covered it well. As far as -- it’s great to have a financing plan assuming Kentucky a sale at Kentucky doesn’t happen. But also it’s great to have options available to further optimize what that financing plan looks like. So and it is -- and I will say again, the timing particularly with Traverse being the last one, it’s the largest one in first quarter 2022, that sums up pretty well with this process. So we will get this resolved and there will be finance one way or another, but at the end of the day, the timing of it and the process is continuing on plan.
Nick Akins: Yeah. That’s right. It’s sort of interesting. I mean, it’s multi-jurisdictional, as you know, and Mitchell is wheeling in Kentucky Power. And I think we have to get resolved Kentucky, Virginia and West Virginia. West Virginia has yet to speak on this issue, but -- and it’s only the ALJ in Virginia. So we will hear more on from Virginia on that. But I think it’s really important for us to really hold on our cards for now, because we got to get through a state process. It’s good to have clarity. And I think Kentucky, obviously, is the first shoe to drop in this regard. But we have also made it clear that these are multi-jurisdiction unit. So we have to make sure that there’s some compatibility of the jurisdictions that are involved. We will go through the process. We will get the initial views of the commissions and then if they are on different tracks, we will have to further analyze and resolve that with the commissions and there’s a lot of resolutions that could occur. Some are shorter, some are longer. But we have to understand where all three commissions are before really doing anything. I think it’s good to get clarity though and I think it’s pretty important that whether it’s the ELG or the CCR, if they approve CCR investments, but don’t improve -- approve ELG investments, then that effectively brings the generation retirement dates back from 2014 to 2028. So that’s something we have to consider along with those commissions. But we will know more about this in the August time frame. But I’d be hesitant to say what Kentucky, it’s pretty interesting that they would be looking at the ELG part of it. And I think there is becoming more of an awareness of -- that there has to be a plan. Now what that plan is, we have got a fully resolved with all those commissions. So, more to come on that.
Nick Akins: Yeah. Yeah. So -- and just like, we have gone through probably a couple of years now of discussions about how North Central is going to get financed and we are finally getting to a point where ultimately we will know how it’s being financed. The 16.6 gigawatts and -- is, certainly, we made a pretty credible case that we ought to own a significant part of that. I’d like to own all of it. But certainly, if -- but operationally, and from a contracting standpoint, and certainly, the ability for us to respond to a system related activities, it’s important for us to own and control those assets. And I think that, as we go forward, you are right, it will be the integrated resource planning filings that were made, there will start that dialogue, now we are in the process of doing RFPs to get more information obviously from the -- for the market in terms of what’s out there from a developmental perspective and that process is ongoing. So, that will certainly fortify any CCN filings we have to make or anything like that after the resource planning filings. But the resource planning filings will be your first real dialogue around how quickly this transformation will occur and in each one of the jurisdictions. And so, we are feeling pretty good about it, because it’s getting to a point where we have to decide from a capacity standpoint, how we support these utilities and it’s pretty clear to me that the movement is to that clean energy economy to move it is to toward as long as you have some element of baseload 24x7 capacity, that renewables will be the big part of that. So, a lot of that’s just becoming, I think, it’s becoming much more transparent and our jurisdictions, I think, their conditions both federally and from a state perspective, they are just a better realization of what the options are and the timing of those options. And that’s what will drive of course to that resource planning process.
Nick Akins: No. Like I said before, we are on the outside looking in. We have no knowledge of any of that activity. And so if the report is true, I am glad to see that there is some element of putting all these in a rearview mirror, because naturally, and I said before, AEP has been hung up in the wake of that. And I am certainly hopeful that there’s some closure brought about from that. So, but, yeah, I have -- it was a surprise to me and we knew nothing about it, and certainly, there’s really nothing else that we have -- that AEP can say other than what we have put on our website and naturally there’s just nothing to report from our perspective.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So, we have certainly gone through the basic requirements for the RFPs for all of these areas. But as we go through that process, there is -- at APCo, we issued an RFP there for 300 megawatts of solar and wind resources really for a completion date of 2023 or 2024. And then in May of 2021, APCo issued an RFP to obtain, I guess, it was 100 megawatts of solar and wind energy via PPA and RFP for the renewable energy certificates only, which is consistent with the Virginia and what their requirements are. And then, SWEPCO issued an RFP for own resources up to 3,000 megawatts of wind and up to 300 megawatts of solar resources with optional battery storage by the way that can achieve a completion by 2024 to 2025. And they are also seeking 200 megawatts of capacity into 2023 to 2024 range and another 250 into 2025 to 2027 range, so those bids are due in mid-August. And then at PSO, we -- in June, we notified the regulators that it intends -- we intend to issue an RFP seeking up to 2,600 megawatts of wind and up to 1,350 megawatts of solar, again with options for battery storage consideration and that’s meeting capacity needs by 2025. So and then PSO plans to issue the RFP in October of this year. So those are the ones that are on the Board right now, and have really some near-term related requirements and most are capacity related requirements. So, and again, they are being done pretty much the same way as the others with North Central that we will certainly do more of it of a turnkey type of thing where we take ownership at the time it is approved in rate. So, and then, of course, we will go through the process of approvals by the various commissions along the way. So, but that’s the plan right now. And then, we will continue to -- as a matter of fact, we are spending a lot of time with our Board focused on the strategies related to these types of filings and the plan long-term and it’s important for everyone to understand this is going to be a continual process. And you are just seeing the first part of these really driven by capacity requirements and not just sort of an energy convenience. So, I think, they are really good to go out with right now and that’s what we have at this point.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So, for the first question, we started out this process saying that that we expected to get strategics and financials, and we have strategics and financials, so both are involved. And then as far as your second question is concerned, as I said earlier with the Foo Fighters dialogue, this is going to be a continual process for us. And if we are practically fully regulated so we have the opportunities to look at if we are building 16.6 gigawatts of renewables resources during the transition, then we got to think -- we have to have everything on the table in terms of sources and uses. So we are going to go through that process, and of course, Kentucky is sort of a first stop, but we will continue to evaluate our assets as sources. And if it makes sense, based upon what the other opportunities are, then that’s the kind of framework that we want to move this company toward.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So, obviously, we would like to see a much better transmission related planning across regions and AEP does a pretty good job itself in terms of transmission planning, because we do have a large system to consider. But at the same, RTO to RTO type planning process to try to make them more consistent so you can have this large transmission being built across regions and across states. If you are going to get that going, particularly as you are trying to get renewable resources to load centers, we are going to have to resolve these issues around multi-jurisdictional, multi-RTO type of analyses and making sure that we are consistent. The other part too is we have got to have consistency in terms of rate making and this notion of reevaluating incentives, structures and those types of things is not good for making decisions relative to transmission or -- and this is not good relative to the RTO model itself. So, I think, FERC really needs to sort of step back and take a look at it. And I think it’s a real positive approach to be focusing on the planning aspects and addressing RTO to RTO boundaries, addressing areas where, what’s competitive, what’s not competitive, all those types of things, that’s fine. But we have to have a clear planning process. And first of all, you can’t have coming back later after a project, multi-millions have been spent on a project to, say, we are going to stop the project. That has to change. And the other part of it is, we have got to be able to make these investments with some sense of certainty and be able to move quickly to make that happen. So, I just -- I think, there’s only so much value -- there’s a lot of value of being in an RTO for customers. But there also has to be value for the companies involved from -- to make the investments that benefit customers in orders of magnitude greater than what the costs are related to, any incentives related to transmission. And if you want to send a bad message for anybody to join an RTO or anybody to stay in an RTO, it’s just not good to start messing around with what the assumptions are relative to the future recovery of transmission investment. And now, when you start questioning incentives, you are really questioning anybody that’s trying to put a multiyear model together to show the benefits of transmission has to take that into account that something may change. So, like trying to make an investment in a coal unit, with clean energy activities going on in Washington. So you really do have to really think this process through and think about what you are trying to achieve. Sorry, I went on that one though.
Nick Akins: Oh! Yeah. We could. We could compete with our Transource entity, which we have been. But, yeah, we could. And actually a small impact for us as it stands. But certainly, we could certainly participate in any of that, yeah.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So, obviously, we have the, I guess, that’s $1.2 trillion, the infrastructure bill that -- it’s interesting we are talking in trillions as opposed to billions now. But in terms of the hard infrastructure side of things, yeah, it appears there’s some kind of convergence in Washington on that particular issue, although, more has to be done on the actual language and things like that. But as far as pursuing the advancement of, and certainly, transmission investment, but direct pay and those kinds of issues are clearly important along the way. We also have to, as far as, renewables and clean energy, PTCs, ITCs extensions of those, I think that makes sense, particularly RSI  did the delays because of COVID and that kind of thing. So I think there’s opportunities for that and then as far as electric vehicles, certainly we would like to see electric vehicle infrastructure continue to be developed. So, I think all of those areas are positive. The issue is how you leverage into the private. The private companies like ours or that instead of the government funding and for transmission, for example, we think that mechanisms already exist for the development of transmission as long as you can keep all the incentives and all that kind of stuff. But -- so the federal and -- federal government funding of that now is, I think, you have to sort of think about what level of encouragement and what area. So, if they can make siding much better, if they can make, certainly, the focus on planning. Those issues enable transmission to get investments. We have no problem financing transmission investments. So I think the government probably ought to pick and choose between what they truly want to focus on that not already leveraged into the utilities, for example. They can certainly encourage development of electric vehicles with the focus on charging station infrastructure and those types of things that would be a benefit. And then, as far as the renewables transformation or the clean energy transformation, any kind of hard infrastructure around being able to move more quickly from a renewable standpoint, whether tax incentives and also uh other technologies like storage. And then also, we would like to see benefits related to either tax incentives for coal-fired generation to reduce the underappreciated plant balances, for example. If you want to have a national plan around moving to a clean energy economy, then the more quickly we can reduce underappreciated plant balances, the better we are able to make decisions and conditions, and states can make decisions about what future resource replacements would be. So I think there’s several ways to really focus on this. But we are all moving toward a clean energy economy. We just need to make sure that the government doesn’t try to do too much across the Board as opposed to very selected areas that enable investment to continue in the private sector. That would be my view.
Nick Akins: No. Nothing new there. We are -- we have been communicating with the SEC and we are responsive to any requests they have from a documentation standpoint. And we are going to continue to work with them and be supportive and constructive in the process and but nothing new to report there.
Julie Sloat: Yeah. Just maybe add a little finer point too. If you are thinking sequentially for the remainder of the year, our load growth rates are expected to moderate in the second half of the year based on prior year comps. So when you think about it, restrictions were most severe in the second quarter and by the third quarter of last year, so by the third quarter of last year, the service territory had begun essentially a phased reopening. And so as a result, the 6.3% growth for the second quarter, probably not only the highest growth in the quarter. And actually it is the highest growth in AEP’s history. But it will also be the highest load growth stat during the recovery. So if you think about the second half of the year, I would expect it year-over-year to moderate a little bit and so we are just keeping a watchful eye on how the trend continues to click along. I know I saw in The Wall Street Journal this morning CFOs commenting on where they think the economy is going to go, doesn’t look like anybody is changing their estimates based on COVID trends. But we are keeping an eye on that.
Julie Sloat: Yeah. And then, I will -- Nick can add a finer point from a strategic perspective. But purely from a financing perspective, you are right on the money, Steve. So we got $1.4 billion embedded in our plan. And for those of you who following along at home, we are on page 39 of the cash flow if you want to take a look at 2022. About $100 million of that again is associated with the drip, about $800 million is associated with north central wind financing and then we have another $500 million just associated with general funding of growth CapEx. And so to your point, Steve, to the extent that we would find ourselves in a situation where we were able to transact and bring dollars in the door, we would absolutely be able to work off some of that, otherwise equity issuance and sidestep that. So I don’t -- I can’t give you a number. We don’t have a transaction. But that is absolutely the thinking and how we are modeling different scenarios inside the house. And I don’t know, Nick, if you have any comment, it would be great.
Julie Sloat: …Steve. Again just to reiterate. The plan as it stands today, as you know, assumes no asset rotation. And again, I want to reinforce that, the 5% to 7% is well intact even if we don’t have a transaction.
Julie Sloat: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Stephen. As you know, we are a little tax efficient right now. So, given the tax basis in Kentucky and the different hurdles that we are considering, I wouldn’t see that one being a show stopper. And quite frankly, that might give us an opportunity to enhance or improve our tax efficiency without getting into a bunch of numbers. I wouldn’t let that trip you up in terms of what things could stop us moving forward.
Julie Sloat: Yeah. No. That’s spot on, Nick. And thanks for the question, Michael. As I am sitting here thinking about this and as we were preparing for the earnings call, one of the things I am looking at is the mix point. You look at where load is coming in. And as mentioned in a previous answer to a question, we do expect that load on a relative basis. When you compare it to last year, for the second half, it would not be as pronounced, although we do expect it to continue to improve. So that’s a good thing. And that allows us to be a little more comfortable with O&M costs where they are, because that does help the customer in the long run. So we keep that top of mind and continue to be very diligent about managing costs. But if you are trying to model for the rest of the year, let me start by saying this, we are not changing our guidance. But as you know, once we start the year and we give you that plan, so you see that waterfall that we give to you, how we get to the end of the year, obviously changes, right, because it’s a dynamic business. So I wouldn’t be surprised if relative to that plan, if you saw our O&M be running a little richer. But I would hope that load would be hanging in there too. And then, as you know, we are doing well on the Transmission Holdco segment already kind of clipping along where we thought we would be for the full year. So there may be some benefit there too. So do keep that in mind when you go back and compare and contrast to that guidance walk that we gave to you. I think it was on February 25th during our earnings call and then we are happy to help you with any modeling that you have offline.
