Nicholas K. Akins: Thank you, Chuck. Thanks, Lisa, Brian. Now I hope that you've heard the story today about the things we're trying to achieve from a growth perspective. But I also trust that you sense the depth of our management team. These people who are working on these major initiatives for our corporation are stellar people that can really get the job done, and they will. So to wrap up the activity this morning, certainly, we're a clear regulated business model. I think that's happening over time. We're going through the corporate separation piece now, but we've done a lot to reinforce the foundation of this company in terms of a strong balance sheet. We have a competitive path that's cleared out for us in Ohio, and we don't anticipate any equity needs associated with the capital reallocation that's occurred over time. And we also, with a 4% to 6% earnings growth, primarily driven by transmission but our regulated business as well, is clearly a positive for AEP as we go forward. This management team has been proven as battle-tested over the last year. We've been through a lot of issues, and I'm sure when we review the 2012 list of things that we've clarified, it has been a process where this management team has grown closer and are really focused on making sure that now we can reinvigorate our sales to focus on growth. And it's actually a good position for the AEP management team to be in and a good position for the AEP shareholder to be in. So again, thank you very much for your time, and we'll entertain questions at this point. Brian, if you'd like to come up, and then obviously, we have the others here to answer any questions if they become too specific.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, so obviously, we target ROEs continuing to be north of 10%. And as well, the invested capital that we have through this -- the PP&E graph that we showed, those are legitimate investments that Brian went through that, really, in my opinion, is block-and-tackle spending with good opportunities for regulatory recovery. And historically, we've recovered those very well. The thing we have to work on, obviously, is being closer from a coincident standpoint of recovery. And that, of course, we're working on in those various jurisdictions. We have a multitude of trackers of deferred type of expenses that we can recover in the future. And the regulatory situation in each of the states is such that we're going through a repositioning exercise that keeps our O&M flat, and that's more of an opportunity to continue with capital investment, and the rate impacts are mitigated as a result. Brian, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, that's the strength of the diversity of the system. You see the Western properties as you see a higher return on equity in those areas, but it's because of the timing of rate cases and the investment of capital. So we'll continue to invest in those jurisdictions. You'll probably see those come down a little bit. You'll see O&M and others come up as a result, and the overall return across the corporation will still be north of that 10%.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, we don't see that happening. Obviously, a part of the discussion will be what the transfer price would be for the assets and those types of things. But even the net book that we show for the transfer of those assets is a positive benefit for customers. And clearly, I mean, look at Big Sandy, for example. If we put the scrubber on Big Sandy, it'd increase rates in Kentucky Power by 30%. But by not doing that and this capacity being transferred over, it's an 8% increase. So it's those kinds of things, I think, that you're measuring against. So I'm feeling -- I continue to be confident that we'll be able to transfer those assets.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think the key for us is the focus on no-regrets transmission projects. And then secondly, if FERC continues, which they have espoused to, they want to continue with transmission investment, then regardless of what happens, they will still trade at a premium associated with the retail regulated space. So that's why we continue to be bullish on transmission.
Nicholas K. Akins: So Greg, my take on it is if there's an energy renaissance that includes shale gas activity, AEP's service territory sits extremely well from a fundamental perspective. I mean, as you said, you bring up the Utica Shale, you bring up the Eagle Ford Shale, we're having a substantial growth in that portion of the territory. Now you have the Cline Shale in Texas as well, in our North Texas area. And then we already have the Haynesville, Bossier, the Fayetteville, the Bakken. That's in our territories. So if there's oil and gas activity going on -- which has been our saving grace, actually, from an industrial standpoint, at this point and from a load perspective. If you continue to see that improve with an economy that's coming back, then you'll see not only those kinds of facilities pick up, piping manufacturers and so forth, but also petrochemicals along the river. Those are the kinds of things that we're looking forward to. And you're seeing some early indications of industrial output improving. But certainly, it has a ways to go, and certainly, it needs a -- I mean, it needs a federal focus that provides for the economy to fully recover. When that happens, we're going to take off.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, so I'll give my thoughts on greenhouse gases, and then I'll ask Mark McCullough to pick it up, so you can hear from him a little bit on the other part of your question. I think that certainly, the greenhouse gas issue has picked up, as everyone knows. The president, in his State of the Union address, there were 3 things that we were actually looking for: cyber security, which he mentioned; and then certainly, climate change and its impacts from a greenhouse gas perspective; and the other was infrastructure development, which I saw as positive, particularly in terms of our River Ops and the things we're trying to do across our system from an electric utility perspective. But from a greenhouse gas perspective, we have -- and Gina McCarthy, who has been in discussions with a lot of people -- I mean, that's very public. She's been saying she'd talk to anybody that would talk to her. But those discussions have gone -- or seem to be going well. I think we have to be really rational about what we do relative to greenhouse gas, particularly on existing units. Now we still have to complete the new unit greenhouse gas rules. That's going to take time. And then there's no actual timing requirement to deal with the greenhouse gas issues on existing units. They're already past their settlement date. But nevertheless, when we look at the system, HAPs MACT was, I think, a surprise for the EPA. There were a multitude of issues involved. Originally, they came out and said 10,000 gigawatts would be affected. We said and we were the first out saying there would be 60,000 gigawatts affected, 6,000 on our system, and that there would be reliability implications associated with it. And indeed, both of those counts have been fortified with all the debate with the RTOs and so forth. So I'm not saying I told you so, but we tend to know something about the system that we operate. And there are other issues involved from a reliability standpoint but also from a state perspective. So if there's too dramatic a change, too quickly, on existing unit requirements, particularly on existing coal where there's no technology that's commercially available at a pricing point that could even survive, that would be a clear problem for the reliability of the grid and for customer prices going forward. Many people don't realize that changes in electric utility prices are highly regressive. The poor and middle class are impacted more by increases than anyone else because it takes a larger portion of their disposable income. And you've got to think about those impacts as well. But I tend to look at -- on the system side, sort of as an iceberg, and basically, HAPs MACT truncated the top part of the iceberg above the water level. If you get into greenhouse gas requirements too quickly on existing units, you're going to take a broad swath of the entire coal fleet in this country out, and that's not where we need to be. And certainly, from a recovery perspective, we're going to see plants retire, jobs go away in '15 -- 2014 and '15 and '16, based upon HAPs MACT, at this point. You would just further exacerbate that situation if we move too quickly with the climate -- with the greenhouse gas on existing units. So I'm hopeful that people have learned a little bit in this process about the impacts it has on the grid. There is an entire process at play now, a multiyear process at the states themselves and the commissions. The state commissioners are having to deal with price increases, having to deal with decisions about even whether you put scrubbers on or replace generation or retire generation, and that process is ongoing. If you want to disrupt that entire process and start back at ground zero from the state perspective and have an impact on prices for customers, dramatic increase in prices for customers at a time when we're trying to restart a tenuous economy, it makes absolutely no sense. So I'm hopeful that if there is greenhouse gas requirements, that there will be such a timetable that it'll support the transformation that's already occurring. We're already on target because of the advent of shale gas activities to achieve the Waxman-Markey requirements of 17% decrease by 2020. That's already occurring. So this industry is already moving that direction. And I think it's just important for people to realize we are an industry in transition. We need to take time to do it. We don't need to disrupt the process, and we certainly don't need to strand a bunch of investment that we're already making for HAPs MACT, billions of dollars of investment that would be stranded as a result of moving too quickly on this. So those are the kinds of discussions that we're having. And hopefully, this time, we'll get more response. So we'll see. Now you have -- Mark, do you want to answer the rest of his question on timing.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. At this point, it's really focused on development of the transcos, development of the critical mass to get the transmission company moving. And then, of course, in the future, we can evaluate what it holds for transmission. My focus, though, is to make sure that we move more toward a regulated infrastructure-related business. And transmission is a big part of that. And then ultimately, we'll decide how do we continue to reinforce that for AEP shareholders, and we'll do that.
Nicholas K. Akins: We can say this, though. Our focus is on margins and customers, customer mixes that provide for higher margins. We are not out there trying to get all the megawatt hours we can get. We're not out there most certainly selling below market. And our focus continues to be those higher margins.
Unknown Analyst: Just on sort of on the post -- after this year, 2014 and beyond, when we're looking at the regulated strategy -- I'm looking at Page 48 and Slide 23. And when you look at sort of where your earned ROE is and your authorized ROE is, how should we think about how you're going to be growing that business? I mean, it seems like it's a regulated growth strategy. I'm just trying to get a sense, will you guys be going in for rate cases? Will this -- will you be filling it in through O&M or something? How should we think about the 4% to 6% growth in light of sort of the ROE environment? And if you could just elaborate a little bit on that. I just wasn't completely clear. Excluding transmission, which I think you guys explained very well.
Unknown Analyst: So just to sort of understand this, I mean, in other words, you guys are in a regulatory environment where we're not probably going to be, at least for some of these situations where you seem to be earning above the authorized, where those are going to be reset. Or I mean, is that how we should think about it? Without going obviously into -- you guys have so many jurisdictions, it would take all day, but just sort of -- is that sort of how we should think about it in terms of...
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So in other words, you see it so unlikely that you don't want to give us any sense? I mean, really, this is so unusual, it's such an outlier situation that we shouldn't have to worry about it, I guess. So I'm just wondering, is there any sensitivity we should get to? I'm just wondering, you're sort of applying for this. Just wondering what the range of outcome could be. I'm not suggesting that's likely. I'm just wondering...
Unknown Analyst: Two questions not really related to each other. First, on the earnings bridge slide, the $0.45 of rate relief, if I gross that up for taxes and then kind of just multiply it by your share count, it's about $300 million, $325 million or so on a pretax basis. Can you just walk us through what the biggest components of that $300-plus million of rate relief is? You said most of it's already been granted. I'm just looking for the big move-the-needle items.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And I'll follow up off-line. The second question and this may be a Lisa one. We're seeing in other jurisdictions, like New England, like in Colorado, a regulated jurisdiction. We're seeing 206 complaints at the FERC regarding base ROEs. Just curious, haven't seen that yet in the SPP, haven't seen it yet in PJM. It's coming, right? I mean, the intervener groups all talk to each other, so it's just kind of a matter of time. Just curious for your high-level viewpoint of how that plays out over time.
Unknown Analyst: Brian, just a couple questions on the slides to review on Page 21. Nonutility parent, the $0.24 incremental positive, can you just review again what the biggest key drivers are of that? And then I have 1 or 2 other questions.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then finally, you talked about -- I think you talked about in your comments on the slide on sales growth a significant difference in expected earnings growth from industrial in West versus East. And I see that you've got a massive amount of demand for new power gen for transmission, in particular.
Unknown Analyst: Just a point of clarification on the environmental CapEx. You had mentioned there's about $4 billion to $5 billion to be spent between now and 2020. And in the back, in the appendix, there are some potential environmental investments to be made, about 11,000 megawatts. I'm wondering what's the timing of that -- of those 11,000 megawatts. Is it incorporated in that CapEx forecast? And also, I'd like to get your thoughts on greenhouse gases with regards to existing sources.
Brian X. Tierney: Certainly getting Turk into rate base are large components of that. What we talked about in terms of I&M and the recently completed rate case there is a large component of that. In Ohio, the rate stability rider is a significant component of that. And like I said, a lot of it's associated with Turk coming into play. So it's a formula base rate extension in Louisiana. Those are primarily it. It's Louisiana, Texas, I&M and Ohio and all those components you're familiar with, Michael.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, and certainly, there's a difference in the burden of proof, a 205 versus a 206. And Lisa, you may want to comment on this question, please.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. it's the fact that we won't have the early redemption of the parent debt expense as we did in 2012. It's River Ops coming back to a more normal rate of earnings in 2013, and it's the Generation and Marketing increases associated with competitive retail.
Brian X. Tierney: It's the fact that in 2013 and '14, we've broken out bonus depreciation. We anticipate being a taxpayer again in 2015, and that's reflected in cash flow from operations and not broken out.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, I can talk about some of that, and Nick, I'll let you fill in the blanks. So we are seeing it very much on a regional basis. As we laid out in the industrial-specific side, we are seeing a real increase in industrial load associated, in particular, with the shale gas plays, Wheeling, West Virginia, for us and in Eastern Ohio. So we are seeing expansions associated with gas compression processing in those areas. It's significant and real. We are also seeing some pretty significant increases in load in Oklahoma and Texas, also associated with gas and oil production and shale gas developments down there. A lot of that's associated with -- a lot of what that means to us is increased transmission and increased distribution spend to get new customers either expanded or hooked up as well. So those particular areas, we're seeing real spots of growth. In other components of our Eastern system, we're seeing load growth largely flat or moderately down. Indiana, the western and central parts of Ohio are somewhat challenged, as are other parts of Kentucky. So for us, this is a particular area where the diversity of our footprint really helps us diversify away from some of the decreases that we have and being able to take advantage of some of the real load increases that we're seeing associated with the shale gas developments.
Brian X. Tierney: And we can't speak for what the board will or won't do, but they were very mindful in terms of raising that targeted dividend payout ratio, reflecting where we were at the time. So I think the board knew what they were doing by raising it. And if they decide to make any changes, I'd expect that you'd see some of that this year.
Brian X. Tierney: It was associated with assets that are going to be part of the competitive business that we were depreciating on a retirement date to mid-2015. And we used to evaluate those assets as part of the pool. When we got the Ohio corporate separation order, it made sense for us to start evaluating them not as part of the pool, because we don't anticipate them being part of the pool through the end of -- beyond, I guess, 2014. So we started looking at those plants individually. They include Muskingum River 1 to 4, Kanawha [ph] 1 to 3, Picway 5, Beckjord, Sporn 2 and 4.
Brian X. Tierney: Plants that had been anticipated to retire by the end of -- by mid-2015. And when we started looking at them on an individualized basis, we realized we had to take an impairment on them.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, I made the mistake of doing that on an earnings call, and now they tell me that I shouldn't do that anymore.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. The early redemption of debt was probably about $0.12. The River Ops increase was about, I'd say, $0.09 or $0.10, and the balance is the Generation and Marketing.
