Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Just on the credit metrics, obviously, a little bit more slippage this quarter, which you highlighted. I guess can you talk about the pathway to get to that 14% to 15%, a little bit more detail? I think 300 basis points seems like a lot of improvement that’s needed in a short timeframe, being that it’s your early 2024 target. I mean, could we see incremental equity in plan? Is the asset sales enough to get you there? And how important is collecting the unrecovered fuel balance in terms of being able to hit that target, which I guess it still stands around $1.4 billion. Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, perfect. And then maybe just a more of a strategic question for Julie. I mean, obviously, AEP is never CapEx constrained, right? I guess how do we sort of think about overall financing, especially given the current interest rate environment and kind of where the stock currently trades? Do you have ongoing; you do have ongoing needs, right? So as we’re thinking about parent leverage and equity are more non-core asset sales out there, or could we actually start to see some more core assets sales to kind of fund the plan and maybe further simplify the story? Thanks
Shar Pourreza: Got it, terrific. And then no, it does. And then we do appreciate some of the salient points you brought up in your prepared remarks as far as the outreach to the regulatory folks and various stakeholders. So thank you for that points.
Ann Kelly: Yes. Shar, I’ll take that. As we mentioned, the main impact to our FFO to debt is the timing of the collateral payment. So that’s about a 240 basis point impact to our FFO to debt, and so that should resolve itself by year end and result in a noticeable improvement. We also have about a 100 basis points of favorable impact from the proceeds of the contracted renewable sale and the equity unit conversion. So we are, confident that we are going to have measure improvement by the end of the year and be into the range by next year. In our forecast we don’t have any of the securitization in our cash flows. We do have recovery of deferred fuel, but that is not necessary to be able to get into our current range.
Ann Kelly: Yes, absolutely. Thanks for the question. So it has inched up, as you can see on the graph. I mean, 60% is our sweet spot and that's what we're targeting going forward. As you can see, we're above that right now. We do expect that to decrease with the contracted renewable sale proceeds and also the equity unit conversion. So that's a couple hundred basis points, that'll reduce that closer to the 60%, but we still have some work to do.
Ann Kelly: Yes. The other thing just to highlight is that, we're talking a lot about the timing of collateral payments, but 80% of that volatility that we're seeing relates to our retail business, which as you know, is for sale. So once we sell that business, we would expect that reduction in volatility going forward.
Ann Kelly: Yes. I mean, what I’ll do is I’ll start with kind of addressing the 2023 earnings guidance question. As you look, we’re $0.18 below prior year and we guided to year-over-year for the full year it’s about $0.20 improvement. So that’s $0.38 that we need to outperform last year for the second half of the year. When I look at this, I think it’s helpful to break it down into components. So weather was $0.29 over 2022, about $0.20 of that impact is versus normal. And that’s where we’ve taken some action to offset those headwinds. Interest also is about $0.29 unfavorable year-to-date. It’s running a bit above expectations. We had guided to $0.20, but that also didn’t include interest on Kentucky, because we had expected to sell the business. So that’s about $0.10 per year and that’s covered in revenue. So we had anticipated much of our year-over-year increase to be in the first half of the year because of the timing of the Fed actions. So while we are a little bit short coming into the back half of the year, we also have the proceeds from the contracted renewable sale and equity unit conversion that’ll help reduce our debt somewhat. And we’ve taken other actions to offset the increase in rates because it has been – the Fed has been tightening a little bit longer. When you look at O&M, unfavorable to last year in the first half, but we expect this to reverse due to timing of our O&M spending. Our original guidance planned for reduction of O&M during the second half of the year because last year’s spending was a little bit robust on the O&M side in the back half. And so we had already anticipated a reduction and then we’ve taken additional actions like those that I’ve mentioned to be able to make up for the reduction in weather volumes. And then lastly, there’s a couple other things that we’re pointing to. One is the favorable trends in commercial load that we expect to continue. And then we’ve also seen favorable results in our generation and marketing business that’ll benefit us this year. So, putting that all together that what give us the confidence and our ability to meet our earnings guidance for this year. In terms of maintaining the 6% to 7% EPS growth going forward, it’s really a story on our capital deployment and we have a very robust capital pipeline that allows us to do just that.
Ann Kelly: Yes. And just to reiterate on our capital plan, so far $5.2 billion of projects have already been approved and we have another $1.7 billion that, that Julie just talked about in the regulatory process that’s out of our $8.6 billion. So we are well on our way and we also have flexibility with our transmission and distribution investments to fill in to the extent that anything else gets delayed a little bit in the process with these RFPs.
Ann Kelly: Yes. That 40 bps is on average. Okay. So let me answer it this way though, because when I’m thinking about what does this mean for the rest of the year, and as I mentioned in my opening comments, we had initially anticipated or expected on a weighted average basis. We'd be about a 9.4% ROE across our operating companies in our 2023 guidance. And so now what we're suggesting is now that we have a little bit of a hole that is associated with weather on that ROE can't make all that up, I don't think, unless we had some ridiculous weather circumstance in the back half of this year. So we're not going to bet on that because we're going to bet on normal. And so what I would expect is we expect to improve from 8.6%, it will not get to that 9.4%. So even if you get closer to 9%, I think that's reasonable. And our point that we want to make today is despite the fact that we've had pressure as a result of weather, we're adjusting the sales and we fully well expect to be within our guidance range. And so that's the important key to take away today as it relates to our messaging. Then with also the understanding behind the scenes we just need to fundamentally do our very best to make sure we're earning as close as possible to those authorized ROEs beyond the weather situation.
Julie Sloat: Yes, no, Shar. I so appreciate the question. And you’re right, we have a lot of opportunity to put capital to work as it relates to taking care of the customer and delivering reliable, affordable service. But as you point out, we need to make sure that we’re hitting all the metrics too. So not only do you need to be real mindful of where customer rates are going, when we put money to work, I need to make sure that all my earnings growth targets are going to be hit. Because I think you guys would be upset with me if that didn’t happen, so we’ll make sure that happens. But I also need to make sure that my balance sheet’s really strong too. So let me get to your question around asset sales. We’ve really been focused on, as you know, the non-core related activities that when people buy AEP shares or invest in our bonds, they’re not necessarily looking to buy something that is not a traditional regulated utility type business. So to that end, that’s why you see us kind of going through the paces today where we’ve talked about the unregulated components of our business and, while we love transmission even looking at some of these transmission investments of the joint ventures that are off our footprint, because if we can channel all of our efforts and dollars to taking care of our customers that are regulated in our footprint, that’s where we want to play. So, I wouldn’t anticipate, a significant additional activity coming from us for a couple of reasons. I think we’re pretty cleaned up once we get some of this non-core stuff taken care of. I think we’re in a good place. I think that, there may be some opportunities, on the edges, but for the most part we’re – we should be in a really good space to be continuing to look at the regulated pieces of our business. But we also and very candid Shar, we don’t need to engage in asset sales to make the balance sheet work. What we need to do is make sure we’re being as efficient as possible, and that’s another reason why I want to make sure that every dollar we do put to work is one that a, makes sense for our customers, but also is something that makes sense for our service territories. And specifically why I am calling that out is another reason why I’m out talking with folks in our community. So whether its commissioners, customers, et cetera, need to make sure that we’re aligned or at least absolutely aware of one another’s priorities and then we can make refinements based on those conversations. So, I would never say that we’re not at all capital constraints because I think we naturally are because we put our own constraints on because we got to take care of customer rates and make sure that we’re going to have a really strong balance sheet. We’re working on that. As Ann just mentioned, we expect that FFO to debt to look a lot better once we get to year end and going into 2024. I think in the interim here, it’s going to be just a little bumpy as we work through a couple of the next few months. So I wouldn’t be too concerned about that. I feel comfortable with the numbers I’m seeing, but we’ll continue to be very disciplined around, which dollars we put to work where that it’s consistent with what our stakeholders need and want taking care of our customer and then just being as efficient as we can. So my focus is going to be more at this point on let’s close that gap on the ROE. That’s the piece that I can try to do my best to control.
Julie Sloat: Oh, Jeremy, I love that question. So I’m going to tell you from my perspective, this is coming from a former operating company president. So I keep that hat kind of in my back pocket that I got to throw on from time to time. And so let me start with this. What my hope to do, well I, what I hope to do or achieve is, pay [ph] the way or clear the path for our operating companies so that they can do the best they can do boots on the ground. And so my objective is to get out, to make sure that I’m talking with different commissioners. And by the way, that’s already underway. So, I’ve already been out talking with several folks and I’ve got my calendar lined up over the next few months to continue to that effort. So I’m not going to get into necessarily exactly who I’m talking to when, but that, that’s well underway. So rest assured that’s happening. But I just, I want to make sure that they’re hearing from me and that they understand that AEP, the parent or the service core is here to provide clearance and service and support for the individual operating companies. Really, that’s the only reason the service core exists, is to support the operating companies. And I need them to hear that from me. And more importantly I just want to be a really good listener so that I can be really good at my job so I can take care of our customers, take care of my team, and then ultimately take care of my investors and the other stakeholders that are party to everything that we're doing here. So I don't want people to think that I'm stepping in the way or thinking that something's not right because that's not the case at all. I just want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to support the teams so that they can be as successful as they possibly can be. Because here's the other point, right. You call out the fact that there are pressure points as it relates to regulatory activities. I think that's going to be what we're dealing with for the next several years. We got a lot of headwinds now. The game's changed, the industry's going through a material transition. Each of our states is in a different place as it relates to their economies. And so I think everybody is doing their jobs and that means we got to do ours too. We have been doing it, but we have to be really good listeners and learners and adjusters. And I think that goes for all the different stakeholders. So the more dialogue we can have, I think the smarter we're going to be and if nothing else that will – we only be able to take care of the customer and make sure we're keeping the lights on and delivering this product that make life possible. But I think we're going to be doing it in a much more effective way, and we're going to have to pick up the pace too. So we got to do it in a faster way than we've ever done it in our history. So I think it's exciting. I love getting out and talking with people. You guys know from The Street, I love getting out and talking with you too, so that's not going to stop. So I just got to work my calendar and I'll be out front and I'm happy to talk about any of the conversations that I've had.
Julie Sloat: Yes, I'll tell you, let me start with this. Again, having been a former CFO as well. At 1.6% ROE, yes, we got to work on that. And that to me, when I see that number that's not a financially healthy, sustainably healthy entity so that's why we're going through the case activities. So we're going to work on that and that's exactly why we went out and socialized the case well in advance with dozens of meetings with a variety of different stakeholders. So again, listening and learning so we understand where everybody's kind of shaken out, but also understanding what it is that we need to do so that we're successful, not only in taking care of our customers, but making sure we're doing everything we can to make sure that the stakeholders understand what our objectives are and are comfortable with it. So yes, the objective is to, A, get a plan in place that will allow us to improve the financial positioning of the company, which then enables us to make future investments to take care of the customers, they need the power too. It doesn't matter which state you're sitting in, but the idea is to engage in these activities, hopefully have a really good case. And I don't expect it to be easy. It's not supposed to be easy. If it was easy, everybody would be doing it. So we'll engage in those activities and hopefully get us on a path forward that enables us to continue to invest in a really smart way in the state that everybody can feel good about.
Julie Sloat: We, absolutely and so those are the conversations that we're having. We do know that transmission has been very important to the commission. And so that is top of mind for us as well. And we've worked that into the structures that we've essentially set forth in our case. But at the end of the day, it's the distribution that also matters because we got to keep the lights on.
Julie Sloat: Yes, I mean, I would say we're going to be, we say we're going to be in the target in 2024 and I think approaching the midpoint probably by the end of 2024. There are the fluctuations as I mentioned in FFO that we're experiencing. And that's just really due to timing of quarter-over-quarter fund flows. And so, you will see especially in 2023 that it will be press till the fourth quarter when we really see that switch in the collateral collections and improving our FFO there, so that's what's going to take some time. But we do expect it to increase, like I said, materially by the fourth quarter and then into next year. And Anthony, just to put a little finer point on it too, remember, our threshold that we're sensitive to is 13% as it relates to our Baa2 rating from Moody's. And so that's why we toggle to the 14% to 15% because what we want to have is cushion. So 14% definitely gives us some cushion, so keep that in mind as well. And the other thing I mentioned in my comments too is as we proceed through the rest of this year, you can expect maybe a little more pressure as we go through the next couple of months with some improvement as we get to the fourth quarter. Just want to manage those expectations.
Julie Sloat: Yes, Anthony, it’s going to take a while. Do not expect a flash cut. And so remember in our case, we requested a 9.9% ROE, our current authorized is 9.3%. I’m looking at Page number 34 in the slide deck right now. It will be a walk. So that’s something we’re trying to manage our own expectations around as well as for you all, as you work to model. So stay tuned and let this case proceed and see how things move along and then we can continue to kind of dial that in and give you more direct guidance.
Julie Sloat: And Julien, on that note, just to kind of put an end cap on this. I think the core is solid. And so when you look out in the next few years, as Ann mentioned, we got $40 billion we’re put into work in terms of capital investment over the next five years. We’ll continue to work with our regulators to make sure that we’re deploying the dollars where we all agree that they need to go. And then at that point it’s really around making sure that we also execute on not only the regulatory plans that we lay out there, but as you know, we’ve got some strategic asset sales that are underway. So we’ll deal with the fact that some of those businesses are falling away, rechanneling those dollars to the regulated pieces of the business that will help us from the math perspective and making sure that we’re hitting all of those other balance sheet metrics that we need to make sure that we hit, so people aren’t worried or concerned. And we got a little more flexibility. So when we have a weather event or something of that nature, we can easily sustain that. But the core is solid and at this point it’s around being efficient, putting the dollars to work where it makes sense and closing the gap on the ROEs.
Julie Sloat: Yes. So we implemented interim rates in early June I think it was, as it relates to the settlement that we had put in place. And at this point, as you mentioned, the ALJ had its report that it is submitted and then file – exceptions were filed, I think it was yesterday to the ALJ report. So if you haven’t taken a look at that I would encourage you to take a look at that. But effectively the parties to the settlement agreement were absolutely supportive of the settlement agreement, which we would’ve expected anyway. So we felt good about that. And we’re going to let this thing play out over the next couple of weeks really, because we’re getting pretty close here. Parties have four days to response the exceptions that were filed. And that is effectively August 1st. And then we will have an oral argument of the exceptions that’s scheduled for mid-August and we would expect to get an order in September. So stay tuned. The process is working and like I mentioned, we’ve got inter rate – interim rates in effect. And we will keep you apprised, but do go take a look at the exceptions. I thought that was interesting.
Julie Sloat: Yes, absolutely. Yes. So we did file for rehearing, because we need to make sure that we’re doing all we need to do from a traditional regulatory and administrative perspective. And then what you can anticipate AEP doing is essentially running another RFP and running another process so that we can make sure that we’re doing what we need to accommodate the capacity situation in Texas. I do believe that Texas understands there is an adequacy issue that we would otherwise have to deal with. So that’s something that we will be proceeding forward with. So standby and you’ll see what we come to the street with here in the not too distant future.
Julie Sloat: Yes, that’s a possibility. That’s a possibility. But what we would do is, accommodate any type of investment in the current CapEx forecast.
Julie Sloat: Yes, and actually I’m trying to flip the page so we can kind of draw everyone’s attention to them. Right now, I’m looking at Page 32. So for example, we’ve got an application open in Virginia and we made the same filing in West Virginia. For Appalachian Power Company, we’re talking about 151 megawatts, about a $500 million investment for wind and storage capacity there. At this point the process is proceeding along as we would expect. So, I have nothing new to report.  So, standby there. And trying to think of where else we have open cases in Indiana, Michigan. Looks like staff has been supportive on the Michigan side, through those applications. And Indiana order is expected in 3Q, so the third quarter of this year. So stay tuned there as well. But so far constructive and productive and we’re moving forward. Then of course we also have, I guess I should call out the wind out – the Wind investment Rock Falls that’s included in the base case at PSO. But that’s part of the base case settlement. So as you know, I just mentioned that we’re well underway in that proceeding.
Julie Sloat: Sophie, I appreciate that question very much, because as you know, that’s been top of mind for us as we worked through that proceeding. So, we obviously got the approval for the 999 megawatts and Louisiana flexed up, so we’re moving along in that regard. You may recall that we also had another process that was underway for SWEPCO in particular, I want to say it was 2,400 megawatts that we were seeking interest in as it relates to how we would put that portfolio together. And so what we’ve done is, we’ve actually tabled that and we’ll be coming back to everyone to say, look, we want to look at this from an all source perspective, including PPAs. So stay tuned on that because there is absolutely a capacity need. It’s just going to take a little different shape than what we were initially expecting as we were running that RFP process. And remember when you probably heard me saying earlier here today on the call; we need to make sure that we’re listening to our regulators. And so this is exactly what we’re doing as it relates to the conversation and the experience that we just had in Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas. And so we are adjusting and moving forward. So there will be more RFPs stay tuned for that. And they will be more all source oriented, no different than what we would be doing in Texas as you call out. Yeah, it looks like not a lot of interest in renewables there right now. So we need to think about what the other alternatives are, but we will work together with our regulators so that we can make sure that we’re doing what the state needs. Because at the end of the day, this is all about making sure that our customers have reliable, affordable electricity period.
Julie Sloat: Paul, I don't have a lot of detail to share with you today. I do know that our legal team is looking into this and our strategy team. But for my day to day right now at the moment, not been top of mind I'm just taking comfort knowing that the rest of the team's working on it. But hey, if you have a conversation, I'm happy to circle back.
Julie Sloat: No. No, it really doesn't. So if we get the securitization proceeds, what we would do is reinvest that into the other areas within the AEP footprint. So not in APCo but in the other areas so that we're in making sure that we continue to earn on the investment while getting the benefits to the Appalachian Power customers.
Julie Sloat: Yes, I mean I would assume just kind of the average of what we have in the current plant. Yes, Paul, we typically get, if we have an opportunity to invest more we're going to try to manage directly back to those target ratios that we throw out there and obviously be mindful of debt to cap as well. So at this point, we're focused entirely on executing on the plant that we already have out in front of you. The issue could be from time to time is how much slides from one year to the next. So you're kind of playing with the toothpaste tube, right? So you're just on passing the CapEx back and forth, because we got $40 billion that we're put into work. And again, at this point, while we always have more opportunities we need to make sure that this is affordable for our customers as well. So that's going to be another stopping point for us too because we're essentially trying to thread the needle, make sure the balance sheet stays strong, make sure those metrics are absolutely in place, but make sure that, our customers are able to afford what we're essentially providing. Our regulators definitely help us with that, but that's also precisely why we have to be really disciplined and not just continuing to spend CapEx that would be fun and nice to spend and actually absolutely make our system stronger and absolutely reliable. But is that what is necessary to keep the lights on and what customers can afford. So it is a constant balancing act for us.
