Mike Morris: I think that from the hearing on 1 April, we all walked away with the conclusion that the commission would be issuing a road map if you will, kind of here is what we expect you to file. Here is how we like you to file, and here is the schedule that will take up the various utilities’ filings. So we have no reason to believe that that isn’t the case. I guess we're all somewhat surprised that it is now turning to May, and they haven't issued some result of that hearing, but as you know it was very fulsome. There were lots of folks with lots of ideas, and I think that the PUCO was trying to get a good handle on how they might best go about it. The bottom line of this whole matter, of course, I do believe as you heard us say many times before David is this is an intriguing and interesting event, but I hope and doubt that it will lead to anything of very substantial nature at the end of the day. It was part of Senate Bill 221. I think the commission rightfully so is struggling with exactly how to go about doing it, and trying to do it in as balanced a fashion as they can and we applaud them for that approach.
Mike Morris: Well, it is clear that the electric security plan just like its predecessor has proven to be extremely rewarding to all of the economy here in Ohio. There is a certain amount of predictability for our large volume commercial and industrial customers, and it dampens the overall year-to-year volatility in rates to the homeowners, and it allows for a much smoother approach. But recall that inside of the ESP, even as it is functioning year-over-year if inside of your overall operating facilities, for instance, distribution is a perfect example. As the AEP Ohio companies deploy the grid smart technology that the commission is in full support of as if the DOE, we may need to in fact have a distribution tracker or a distribution rate adjuster. All of those things, we think make a great deal of sense. We also as you know, are in the process of recovering fuel 100% for the dollars expended, and on occasion particularly we hope in the not too distant future we will see fuel prices come down as coal adjusts to the reality of natural gas prices in the marketplace. We would want to make adjustments to a lower cost there. So I appreciate the notion of not wanting to go through the scrutiny of a full rate review in the more traditional sense, but I think Ohio both from Senate Bill 221, and the way that the commission has decided to in such a balanced fashion employ the ESPs, I think it is working really quite well. I would expect that the Ohio companies at American Electric Power will file yet another ESP to cover another three-year cycle, hopefully sometime in the not too distant future. I am encouraged by what my friends up in Akron [ph] filed and the commission’s warmth with which they accepted that. So, it is almost a perfect regulatory setup that has been created, save one or two pieces. I think it is going to be very difficult going forward for any of us to build new central generating facilities here in Ohio, with the way the 221 was written. But there is plenty of time to address that before anyone is going to need to build a new central station here in Ohio, and I think it needs to be addressed.
Mike Morris: Well, again as I mentioned in my comments at the outset here, I think that the EPA under the leadership of administrator Jackson is being very balanced in the way that they are going about this. There are requirements for them to issue those particular adjustments under the care and camera [ph] undertaking, and we expect they will do that in the not too distant future. They have told all of us that they are coming. But again, I think there will be time to react to them in an appropriate way to deal with them. All of which might call for additional investments in some facilities, which would be logical. I doubt that they would be so massive that it would run into rate pushback as you go forward to continue to produce electricity at very handsome kilowatt-hour costs out of our larger units that have already been retrofitted and may need to be adjusted. It may lead to, as we have said and I think many of my colleagues have said, some electrical premature shutdown of facilities or at least lay up of facilities that probably still have plenty of electric life, but not enough environmental life to make those kinds of capital investments. All in all, I think it will be a reasoned approach to the endeavor. The commission, or excuse me the EPA has been very accepting of ideas that our folks and others have given them on all of those issues including the HAPs, including the coal ash handling. So we are kind of encouraged by what we see. No question it will change the profile, but it should. The quality of air in this country continues to improve, the volume of coal based electricity continues to grow, and I don't think that these changes will change that profile.
Mike Morris: Well, it clearly will have the effect, but I doubt very much that it will be more so than what we are seeing with the price of natural gas going forward. Obviously that will have an impact as the cost of coal based kilowatt hour might go up some, but don't forget at the end of the day the gas machines are not free of their own emissions, and sooner or later they will be addressing the same issues, and there will be cost increases there as well.
Mike Morris: Our intent is to have everything fully implemented on the human resources side of it in the very near future. This week is the last week that we do the voluntary acceptance, and that has been very robust. We are quite encouraged by what we see. Middle of next month, we will resolve the rest of the involuntary undertaking, and some of the realignment of facilities. It is clear that service centers might be closed, certain power plants might be laid up. We're looking at all of those opportunities as well. Our plan of course is to take advantage of all of the cost reductions to the benefit of our investors for the entirety of the second half of 2010, and we will share with you the results of all of those endeavors along those lines, and on that kind of a time cycle.
Mike Morris: Of course, let us say the salesman in me says there is nothing wrong in praying for one weather in the summer and there is surely nothing wrong with hoping that natural gas prices rebound. The downward pressure on natural gas is really affecting some of the spreads on off system as you know.
Mike Morris: They are absolutely sustainable, and it will be up to the discipline of this team to see to it that happens. We really, as we said here on the call, are looking at the impacts of what we are seeing in the marketplace, particularly here in the East for 2010. But we really are viewing the recovery as being over a longer period of time. I read like you read all of the economic data, but I also continue to read that the employment numbers simply aren't moving much. That means that our commercial customer footprint, not big buildings, not the Wal-Marts or hospitals, but things like Mom And Dad, Pizza places, carry out stores and dry cleaners, and those kinds of things are going to continue to be affected. Restaurants, all of which add up to a tremendous amount of demand on our system through the footprint. So we are really adjusting with an eye towards 2011, 2012. And having said that Paul, I think you can absolutely count on these being a sustainable period. One of the challenges that we will have because of the size of the headcount reduction is for this management team, many of whom you are familiar with to take a hard look at how we operate the various facilities, customer service and employee safety reign tall in the saddle along with performance for the investor, but these reductions will in fact be sustainable and will serve our investors well over the near term years.
Mike Morris: Well, let Brian give you the granularity, because he has it, but they would be substantially up. Go ahead Brian.
Mike Morris: We are seeing a small less than one half of one percent on Columbus Southern in the commercial space. But as I know you all know, we have decided to react to that in a both aggressive – defensive and offensive approach. We have made the requisite filings and have almost in hand the authority to move forward with our own retail activity. FE isn't having much of an effect than direct energy is, and they continue to pursue a lot of our customers. So we’ll react to that defensively, first through our retail marketing arm and then now we think there are some places here in Ohio in the South and the West where we can do some of our own farming. So it's intriguing, it's exactly what the open market in Ohio was intended to do. Our price structures for the last half decade have been such that we were untouchable, but in the commercial space at Columbus Southern now, there is a margin to be gained by those offering discounts from our current rates and we’ll react to that aggressively.
Mike Morris: Yes, I know, those are wholesale prices. Paul, I think you would probably need to look at slide 14 to get some sense for gross margin for the balance of the year, and if we were at 1370 before given the falloff in prices, we'd expect it to come in below that as we look at our year-end estimated number.
Mike Morris: Yes, it's certainly fallen not all the way to 2009, but well below what we had forecasted for the year.
Mike Morris: Well, as I know Michael we’re a big believer in a new approach to the regulatory compact in that sense, and as you also know in many, many jurisdictions we have automatic rate adjustors and trackers for all kinds of expenses that are incurred to ensure greater reliability, greater vegetation management, more aggressive treatment of the meter technology interface with the customer. Michigan as you know, has gone to a forecasted rate year. We think that is very appropriate and have taken advantage of that at our I&M operating subsidiary, and we will continue to dialog with regulators and legislative bodies. In all of our jurisdictions we've been very, very active in Oklahoma and Kentucky. We of course were instrumental along with Dominion, now we have clearly second share in Virginia to Dominion, but the restructuring that went on a couple of years back. So we will continue to push the envelope there. Decoupling is still a very intriguing undertaking. We think there are much better ways to go about than a simple decoupling approach. Our favorite approach is to go to a formula-based grade and create a band of returns on equity where one would surcharge customers and a shortfall of the band or in refund to customers and access performance under the band. We think that's a unique approach to take and one that has a lot more stability to it. One of the issues that is difficult in decoupling is for the customers and their legislative representatives to understand why one would raise their prices as their volumes shrink. And that the simplest phrase for a legislator or to listen to when you are in a declining gigawatt hour sales cycle, which is what decoupling is all about. So we think that band on equity approach is much better because then to the legislature, the legislator who is very unfamiliar with our business, you go in and simply say look if we are in a band, if that is acceptable and maybe 150 basis points up-and-down of a central figure, all things are steady and everyone is in good shape. If you go above that however, you begin to lower your cost to the customer as you can well imagine an elected official loves that kind of language, and they do understand the balance for the shareholders, and therefore the capital invested in their state for jobs to be created in their state get too low. They can understand the logic for adjusting up. They do that every single day as they try to lever other companies and customers to their jurisdiction for economic development. And all of us who are in jurisdictions continue to tell our governors and our legislators and this is from General Motors to American Electric Power to you know, the gap and everyone else, it's great to attract new folks but don't forget about those of us who've been here for a long time. So we are very active in that space and continue to try to find exactly the right formula that will yield stability for those who invest in us as well as stability in the price of electricity for the economies that we're trying to serve.
Mike Morris: Yes, I think it's important Anthony that Brian’s point is spot on. We, when we do the formulation of off system sales revenues, we really peg that to the strip for natural gas because that's such a determining factor as we put together our budgets, you know, a quarter or more before you get to the actual performance. And we are not aggressive in that sense. So if the strip was $5.02 for all of 2010, we would not – we’d probably put in $4.98 or some conservative number rather than saying let's be bullish and hope that gas gets to six bucks. I can assure you this with shale gas developing as it is, the Katrina led $14 a MMBTU price of natural gas is in the rearview mirror, not out in our headlights, although I would never want Katrina to happen again. I'd love to have those prices come back for a short period of time, but I don't see that happening.
Mike Morris: So, one that which is located here in Ohio is at two-thirds production. It's a six pot-line facility, and they're running four pot lines most typically. Century Aluminum, which is located over in West Virginia near our Mountaineer Station [ph] is off-line and have been since early in 2009. Governor Manchin, Dana Waldo, the president of our Appalachian Power Company, myself and others worked diligently with Century to see if we couldn't find some rate activity that would allow them to continue to produce and fluctuate the cost of their power to the LME numbers on aluminum in the world marketplace. Unfortunately, we’re not able to do that. Both of them have said LME is north of $2100 a ton would probably encourage them to continue to look at bringing their facilities back online, and those numbers have been there now for a good chunk of calendar year 2010 and they continue to see some potential upside. The LME has fluctuated from about $1900 to $2300, and they're looking for a bit more stability. So it isn’t as though they're gone, they're clearly there, but every time I go to Mountaineer, I crane my neck to see what's going on at Century, and I'm always happy to see they are cutting the grass and polishing the aluminum sign up front. That tells me that they are eager to get back in business themselves. They have some labor price issues that I know they are working hard on and for jobs in West Virginia and for electric sales. At AEP, we wish them well in that endeavor.Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Thanks very much.
Mike Morris: No, in conversations with the commission I know they continue to deliberate the issue. The political season in Ohio and throughout the country is beginning to heat up and I doubt very much if the commission wants to get crosswise in the current administration versus the party and the candidates running. So that may say it could come early just to get it behind us or that really could say that it could be delayed substantially later into the year post election cycle. It's an intriguing issue, but the most important thing here, and you've all had many opportunities to speak with the Chair of the PUCO and other commissioners. This is a very balanced and a very fair group of individuals who see the benefit of strong healthy financial utilities here in Ohio, which enables our manufacturing base and the Ohio economy to continue to recover. This is not Michigan in an economic sense, but Ohio has been hit pretty hard by the economic downturn and you're beginning to see signs of recovery but nothing too dramatic yet. So I think it'll be balanced, it'll be fair, but it's really difficult to forecast when they might move.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Mike Morris: Well, Daniele we’re still as you know in the recovery of sales and industrial volumes in the 2007, 2008 timeline. You will remember that we shared with you before. We didn't see a downturn in industrial demand because many of our large volume customers are exporters until quite honestly December of ’08. So we struggled through quarter after quarter after quarter in ’09, and as Brian said but for the aluminum folks, quarter one was really strong industrially. We'd love to have the aluminum folks come back. We think again we’re beginning to see good export volumes. You read as I read about the economic recovery in China and India and other Asian nations, where much of the exported products end up going to market or exports parts end up going to the ultimate manufacturing then back to market. So when we look at 2011 and 2012, we're comfortable that we’ll continue to see recovery and then ultimately we hope in the 2012 beyond timeline growth in the industrial sales themselves. Those are many of the reasons why we're taking this what we think to be sustainable reduction in the cost structure and cost profile at American Electric Power.
Mike Morris: Yes, it would be. So it would again give us more comfort going forward basic growth numbers are in that 2 to 4 range.
Brian Tierney: This is Brian. We are not seeing much of a shift at all. In fact, we are seeing almost none in terms of industrial to third-party suppliers. And what really was the main driver in terms of the year-on-year industrial change is what happened in primary metals, and really most of that wasn’t associated with the broad swap of our customer base, but it was associated two large aluminum customers in the eastern part of our system. Despite those customers in particular that we have talked about, we have seen really some pretty broad based improvement in terms of the industrial sector.
Brian Tierney: Well, I would say, I guess, you know we certainly had positive weather in the first quarter of this year. I would love to bank on that for the balance of the year, but clearly we can't. I think we have to assume that weather will normalize over the course of the year. So, I can't bank on the weather. In terms of what we have on the slide on page seven, certainly it is above – the balance of the year pricing is certainly above 2009 levels, but when we put our forecast for the year together 5, 6 months ago prices were considerably higher than even that. So given what prices – prices have fallen off, and given our yearly guidance for off system sales, it is on page 14 of our presentation, we don't anticipate being able to hit that $329 million net of sharing number. I anticipate it will be somewhat higher than the 247 that we had last year, but I think it is going to be bounded in that range somewhere.
Brian Tierney: I guess, Anthony I am not – it was in the time frame of October when we did back at EEI. So it was some time ago, and you can just pull up the strip and see what the prices were back then and they were certainly higher than what they are balance of the year to date.
Brian Tierney: Anthony, it's Brian again. I think the Q2 to Q4 strips that we're looking at that time was about $6.
Brian Tierney: That's correct. So we're seeking to offset with off system sales, with O&M savings, what we're not going to be getting in terms of retail sales and off system sales.
