Nicholas K. Akins: I think it's lower than expectation. However, after this last order, we would expect switching to accelerate.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, Dan. We've had some pretty good savings. Actually our employees have responded quite credibly to the reductions from the Ohio-related activities and we have adjusted. Some of those -- the majority have been a sustainable type of reductions, although some of them are not, and such as you have a deferral of outages and those types of things. But that's the whole reason why we're having the repositioning study done, where we're going through and defining sustainable cost reduction opportunities, either through process-related activities or organizational activities. And we recognize that cost cutting -- we can't continue a process of cost cutting and cost cutting. We have to have a view going forward of sustainable reductions that provide us a base where we can continue to progress as a company. So that's what we're really focused on. Brian, you may have some additional detail.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, that continues to be a work in progress, Dan. I mean, it changes as we get new information and it changes as a result of discussions we have with the states and with the EPA. And of course, we continue to work, as I said, on the legislative side because EPRI has done an independent analysis showing that it cost 1/3 less if you wind up with a 2-year extension if you're able to optimize that. But I think it's important for us to go through the process in concert with the states, and it really focuses on that operating company model where we're working with them to determine what the proper solution is. And you're right, we are -- we continue to search and as you see some of the changes that have been made, such as with the Big Sandy scrubber proposal being pulled at this point, we're reevaluating that, we have some activity in Oklahoma around coal-fired generation as well that we've adjusted to do. You'll continue to see those kinds of adjustments because what we're trying to get to is: number one, a portfolio that each of our operating jurisdictions support; and then secondly, a portfolio that provides some risk management around a balanced portfolio going forward. So for us, it's a relatively high hurdle for us to be putting scrubbers on our facilities. In some -- in many cases, it's already done. In some cases, it continues to be an evaluation, even for units such as the 1,300-megawatt units at Rockford. Paul Chodak over at I&M is working with the regulators to determine what the proper opportunities are for that so that we can meet the emission reduction guidelines, and that's being discussed in all of our jurisdictions. So you bring up a great point, and that's something that we're very focused on. And we'll continue to try to optimize, matter of fact, when we first started this process, we were looking at $8 billion, and it's come down to just over $6 billion, and we expect it to continue to be refined as we go forward in concert with the states.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think we could be able to do that. I mean, I think, obviously, there's different views of what the law says, but now, there's flexibility in that, and we believe we can do that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Jonathan, I think, it remains to be seen what the reasons for that are. But typically, when you have industrials come off and then commercials come off afterwards and then residentials, either empty homes or people decide, "Well, I can't find another job," so they leave, and so it's that piece of it. So you have this recovery that's occurring, at least we call it that at this point, with industrial being sustainable, commercial is starting to pick up, the residential hopefully would pick up as a result with the job creation that Brian had talked about previously. But the other side of the coin could be from the efficiency standpoint. Customers are -- because of the economy or because of efficient appliances and so forth, what does the future hold in terms of the residential class. So it remains to be seen, but it's something that we're watching very closely.
Nicholas K. Akins: So it's happening very quickly. And of that integration process is going very well. We have AEP retail employees together with BlueStar employees now. Matter of fact, we moved several AEP retail employees to Chicago to really focus on that effort. And I see the mix of the 2 cultures going extremely well because they're fueled by the prospect of just amazing growth potential. So that's my view of it. I think it's going to be a very positive thing for us, particularly when we get the corporate separation out of the way, and they can start actually planning on doing making deals based upon the availability of that generation and long-term deals with that. While I was there, they were signing up deals. Matter of fact, they told me several deals, as I was leaving, that they were very proud of from a long-term perspective. So they are making considerable progress, and I'm happy with that progress.
Nicholas K. Akins: Oh, yes. They're -- matter of fact, they're operating in several states right now. Certainly, Illinois in a big, big way. But they're also focused on other activities, particularly in Ohio. They're ramping up for Ohio and in the process of marketing in Ohio. And we were successful in the aggregation of Upper Arlington, which was a major win for us. So they're certainly making considerable progress. Now, they're starting to think about, "Okay, what areas do we want to focus on?" And we've sort of -- I mean, we've told them, "Move forward with those activities very -- as quickly as we can, but only focus on those areas that we understand." And that really is going to drive you toward the MISO markets, the Northeast State, they have in New York and Maryland and other retail areas as well. But we also participate in auctions, so -- as well as our own territory. And they're also faced with the prospect that we did -- we're in the process getting approval to start up our AEP retail organization back in Texas, the lower-than-1 megawatt customers, that following is waiting for the Commission approval right now. So we're very focused and they are as well. And it really is moving forward well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I think our capacity factors have been pretty high for the gas units, running in the, I guess, in the 70%, 78% to 80% capacity factor during the July time we've had thus far. And generally, around that 70% to 80% capacity factor, I think, which is sort of amazing, given what we're dealing with. I think from a coal-fired generation perspective, it's dropped off considerably. As long as you're -- we're not having sub-$3 per MBTU price, the capacity on the gas units are going to be -- continuing to be high. There's no capacity constraints that we have on the gas units at this point in time. And I think our numbers were slightly down last month because that's when we took some outages on some of the gas units. But we are pleased with our gas capacity factors and our ability to respond, actually. What we're -- and just as an additional add-on to that, we are continuing to be concerned about the reliability implications or what the EPA is doing because one thing we haven't talked about is the capacity factors of those small, older coal-fired units that are depending -- dependent upon during the peak. As we had last year, these units are being called on and connected to the system 54% of the time and are running in the order of 30% capacity factor during these peak months. So they're still needed. And we're going to have to work through that process. And even with those committed to provide the peak, and obviously they have minimum run-time obligations and minimum load obligations, we still achieved almost 80% capacity factor on the gas units. So that pretty well tells you we're really switching back and forth based upon what the peak requirements are but utilizing the energy component through the natural gas as much as we can.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, it is. Yes. Matter of fact, not just the Ohio shale. It's -- we have about every shale gas play there is, from Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and up to the Marcellus Shale and the Utica Shale. So we're benefiting from that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Oh, what I'd said was that if we have the 2-year extension, then we have more of an ability to approach the technological side of things. And that's why I was pointing to the EPRI study, which is an independent organization, Electric Power Research Institute. They did a study and said that if you were to take an additional 2 years, by utilizing technologies, you could actually save half of the units that are scoped for retirement for that period of time and achieve the same emission reductions at a 1/3 less costs. So instead of $300 billion cost in the country to address the EPA issues, it would cost around $200 billion, which -- that's a substantial cost savings, particularly when you talk about the impact on the economy. And as we go through this process, we're going to have to determine, with EPA and perhaps legislation would give you a lot more flexibility and a lot more security around the solutions, and that's what we're trying to achieve.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. We have a plan. We have a plan now for the capital plan associated with addressing the present EPA requirements. If we're -- if the extension is really to focus on giving time from a reliability standpoint and from a supply chain management standpoint to ensure that we're doing it in a cost-effective manner and from a reliability standpoint.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. I think we expect to have -- and this just goes back to the discipline. We'll continue to have those kinds of sustainable cuts through the rest of the year. But keep in mind, we sort of plan the year based upon what we think the year is going to turn out to be. And then toward the end of the year, if we wind up with additional ability to do -- move projects up because last year, we moved projects from '12 into '11. We may move projects from '13 into '12 or vice versa. So it really changes based upon how we see the year going. So we expect that to continue. It's a continual process for us, and it shows that discipline around cost side of things.
Nicholas K. Akins: That's a great question, Michael, because yes, we are thinking about that in terms of the future and certainly, our board has, too. We -- as we think through this process, and it goes back to the February 10 presentation that we did for everyone. It was -- it's really there to say that we are a regulated utility. That's what we do. Now, we're doing the best we can, obviously, with -- we're going to have some unregulated generation. We have -- we still have one of the most outstanding wholesale trading operations there is in the country. We're going to put that together with a retail organization and make sure there is a competitive business that's viable for the future. Now, the decision will be made later as to whether that makes sense for us or not. But it'll be based upon, as we've said, the February 10 meeting. If we can make it look quasi-regulated, where there's long-term contracts, there's hedging associated with the activities and the market sees that we have a business that makes sense for us in the future, then that -- we'll continue with it. But I think it's important for us to rationalize that process over the next 2 to 3 years and fully understand what that business looks like. The other issue, too, is we don't know what happens across the country or what happens in the next 2 to 3 years in various fundamentals or whether states go to competition or elsewhere. So it really winds up being a very credible option for us in the future. Hopefully, it'll be complementary. But, again, we're very focused on providing regulatory earnings, certainty for our investors. And that's something that we're very focused on.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, should be. Because one of the expectations out of the order is to define exactly what that deferral mechanism is. So we'll wind up with that. And certainly as a result of that, we need to understand the cash position as well. And then we'll step forward with the financing and the activities associated with separation of the generation function from AEP Ohio. So we have to have that kind of detail.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I think we should expect to see acceleration of switching as a result. And I'll also believe that the certainty around the ESP order on February 8 will help in that regard. So from a competitive standpoint and knowing what the process is, the market will more fully understand. The other thing, too, is they'll understand what our reaction is because, obviously, we're looking for a decent outcome out of this thing. Otherwise, we have other options that we need to consider. And that can produce lack of clarity for the market. So it's pretty critical that we get this train back on the tracks in a positive fashion.
Nicholas K. Akins: At the end of the day, it's that percentage where I can get a regulated PE and still have a competitive business that looks regulated. So I think in our February 10, we had 86% regulated and 14% unregulated, including the 4% of our River Operations area. So, as I said, we're a regulated utility, so in my opinion, for our shareholders not to experience the volatility in such a large manner associated with the competitive business, we would want a substantial part of our business enough to where we continue to fall in the integrated regulated utility category.
Brian X. Tierney: No, that's it. You hit the nail on the head, Nick. When we had talked about guidance, but since it's been suspended for 2012, we talked about O&M in that $3.4 billion range. I'd probably put it in the $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion range. And with what we're doing with McKenzie, we anticipate it being in a similar range for next year.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, and we didn't mention the number specifically. It's about $30 million. There was a clarification and an order that came out this year that meant that instead of having deferred $65 million, we only needed to defer the Ohio retail jurisdiction component of that, so that allowed us to reduce the Ohio deferral expense amount by $30 million.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. For year-to-date, Paul, it's about $32 million, and that's associated mostly with the Ohio assets that we know will be retiring by 2015. So we had to increase the depreciation on those particular assets to that 2015 terminal date. And for year-to-date, that increase in depreciation is about $32 million.
Brian X. Tierney: You should think about those increased amounts through 2014 to get to that January 1, 2015 retirement date.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. And, Paul, I'd like to distinguish that as the capacity -- deferral from the capacity case and distinguish that the Ohio reg assets, where we're going to file later this month to be able to securitize a little bit over $300 million of Ohio reg assets, and Ohio fuel from the 2009 through 2011 period, which is a little bit over $500 million. And we do believe that everything's in place to be able to securitize those amounts, particularly the reg assets and then the fuel pending a final order in those cases.
Brian X. Tierney: Well, that's another jurisdiction altogether. In West Virginia, we think we'll be able to securitize about $400 million of deferred fuel in early 2013 as well.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. In the back part of the slides, Jonathan, you'll see that we netted together POLR and rate increases. So what you're seeing is the overall negative impact of having lost the POLR outcome, but that's offsetting positive rate increases in other jurisdictions.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. Jonathan, we're coming in lower than what we had forecast for the year, and that's largely being driven by the residential customer class. That's part of what we're striving to offset with some of the cost reductions that we've talked about. And that lag in the residential customer classes is definitely impacting the overall retail sales on an annualized basis.
Brian X. Tierney: We do, through portions of the third quarter, but then it was shut off during the third quarter. So not a similar run rate for the balance of the year.
Brian X. Tierney: Sure. Let me start with the first part of that. We have a maturity coming due at APCO here in the near term and we also have some needs for our transmission business. As well as wanting to take advantage of some of these low-term interest rates to fund our business for the long-term. So a combination of those things are what are going to add up to that $1 billion need for the end of the year. And then in terms of the deregulated -- competitive business, we've not talked about how we're going to fund ultimately the competitive Ohio generation, whether or not we're going to do that at the Genco level or the parent level. But we do believe we're going to have some interim financing needs until we get to that long-term solution. And we'll be looking to put those interim needs in place by the end of the year.
