Nick Akins: We said, we told you I guess, it's probably a quarter or two ago, about reinforcing our service territory particularly, as it relates to energy and as it relates to onshoring. And our – certainly, our territory has been very strong in terms of both of those categories manufacturing as well. And that's clearly, become a benefit for us. So -- and really when you think about what's going on in the world today, associated with security aspects, that's really going to drive more towards the ability for onshoring to occur and certainly, for energy security. So it bodes well for our territory. 
Nick Akins: Yes. There's – actually, you have the sales process. Obviously, everybody want to know about Kentucky, but also the unregulated contracted renewables there will be new data points on that as well. And then of course, a 2022 earnings guidance update, 2023 guidance range will be introduced and also we'll probably roll forward the five year capital and financing plans through 2027 and there could be other things too. So we will hold that till October 4. 
Nick Akins: Yes. The team is working at that. And certainly, I think the base case would be to sell all at one time. But if there are opportunities exist to stage that out with the capital needs, that would great. so we’re still going through that process and we’ll go through as we talk earlier, we'll be going out to the market here in the September time frame. So we'll know a lot more at that point. So more to come October. 
Nick Akins: Yes Julien. Certainly, Liberty has been great partners through this entire process. And we certainly, want to be fair to them because they were obviously, looking for certain things out of the transaction. We were looking for certain things. And I think, it's going to be just a matter of going through the process of defining risk, going forward. So it's not – obviously, it's not as cut and dry and saying it's going to be the existing agreements and tough luck will move on. It's really an issue, where there is an opportunity for us to get together with them and define that future, because we're going to be partners in that individual going forward. So we might as well get comfortable with that relationship. 100%. 
Nick Akins: Yes. So -- and Julien sorry I missed the first part of your question. So, Julie filled in for me. Supply chain has certainly been an area of focus for the company and they've done a great job. The supply chain organization has done a great job of getting out ahead of that, understanding the delays that are occurring relative to delivery of transformers and those kinds of things. And then also size of inventories and other things come into question, but in our case we're a large electric utility with a lot of requirements, the largest transmission system in the country distribution obviously, wide spread. So, we have some -- we have abilities to really focus on the supply chain aspects in the positive way by expanding suppliers and certainly exerting the leverage we have associated with the large buying ability. So, we're in good shape from that perspective. Now, that being said, the entire industry and AEP are watching storm activity and those types of things and what implications that could have on the inventory levels and supply chain. So, we're watching that very closely. But we have time for the economy to really pick up and catch up from that perspective. Labor is an issue for everyone and certainly we continue to focus on that, particularly in our frontline employees to ensure that we're meeting the customers' requirements going forward. We're very tuned in to wage rates and those types of things that are changing dramatically. And certainly from a resource perspective we also have those relationships with not only attracting our own employees, but also contractors and so forth that we're able to pull from for various reasons. So, all-in-all, we're hanging in -- and the capital plan still remain secure in terms of the ability to move these projects forward. And we believe that AEP is in a great position to continue that process.
Nick Akins: No it doesn't. We're going through -- yeah we're going through regular as you've probably seen regular integrated resource planning processes with all of the Southwestern power approval states. And those processes will continue. I guess the good thing is that the things that we're putting in obviously we already talked about transmission and distribution in terms of supply chain activities. But in terms of resources, we're already putting integrated resource plans in for renewables. And the timing of those renewables, are such that we have time for the supply chain to catch-up relative to solar and wind components. So we're in good shape from that perspective.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So these are well-known resources. And they're already there. And opened up a data room, can be done pretty quickly. And also review will be done quickly. I would say that the interest has been very robust and it will continue to be robust, because -- and you said it they have steel in the ground, but also the ability to continue on with these projects in a very positive sense. We took out Flat Ridge 2, so that makes the portfolio even better. And certainly from that perspective we expect the process to move very quickly. And when we bought the resources some of these resources from Sempra we visited sites and the data room was open. And we moved very quickly. And for these types of assets even though there may be others that are selling the assets, there is a robust focus by the market on certainly attracting these types of assets. So we feel very confident. We can move forward quickly and have certainly more information this year by the time we get to the Analyst Day.
Nick Akins: Yeah, that will be too tough for that. Obviously and then that will depend on what we get back to in terms of one-time versus stage in all those types of things will have to be considered. And certainly we'll have more information, but we won't have a finalization of that'll be probably by the end of the year.
Nick Akins: Yes. It's always good to be ahead a little bit. Any time you go in the latter part of the year because summer is always good. And then you get in the fourth quarter with – you don't know where storm activity is going to go and that kind of thing. But we feel really good about the position that have right now. And certainly, if you look at the fundamentals of what's going on I mean, you take charge point out of it is a very, very positive quarter and certainly one in which we continue to grow and see it – our load guys are pretty optimistic. So – and if you knew our load guy, you know he's – it takes a long way for him to get there. But we feel really good about the position that we have. And I think as we see more towards the end of the year then we'll have more to say when it comes by the time the Analyst Day comes around. 
Nick Akins: No. That one was really focused on when Liberty and AEP got together to focus on the Kentucky transaction order itself and there were requirements associated with that. So – and we certainly were focused on making sure that that we completed that – that order and this requirement. So that's what that is.
Nick Akins: Yes. So – and I think it's pretty obvious that Kentucky had its view of valuation in 2028 and West Virginia has its view of valuation and 2028 and the two are in very different positions. And it's probably not something you're going to resolve today. So really it becomes an issue of okay, how do we get together and think about our continued operating partnership, which could be done through the operating committee of the existing operating agreements and then certainly focus on a later date to consider the risk issues associated with that. So – and I think for us I think it's sort of a realization that there will be no doubt that Kentucky Power will continue to be a partner in Mitchell. And then when the time comes before 2028, there'll have to be some reconciliation between what Kentucky wants and what the West Virginia Commission wants. And we just want to make sure those risk parameters are taken care of on the front end.
Nick Akins: Yeah. Because we have -- now we have an outside party involved with a third-party from AEP's perspective with Mitchell going forward. So that sort of drives a different view when everything was already owned by AEP companies. So you have to go through that process and determine okay, what's the right approach for Liberty to have that ownership and for AEP to have ownership at arm's length.
Nick Akins: Yeah. Yeah. Certainly, our people have been in constant contact on this issue. They're working very well together. I talked to Arun's as late as yesterday. So it's really both of us are very optimistic about this transaction.
Nick Akins: Yeah. Obviously, reliability and resiliency is of central focus, not only to FERC, but the Congress as well. And I really believe they'll continue the process of all the areas of focus right now with NOPRs. They got several NOPRs out actually and they just put initiated around weatherization and making sure that we're as resilient as possible. And certainly from a transmission planning which was already done that NOPR along with they started the state process in terms of discussions relative to cost allocation those types of issues. So they're moving along. And when they issued that original NOPR under transmission, they made it clear that it wasn't going to be sequential. It's a multitasking opportunity for us to look at all these provisions. And then of course, the queues associated with the new resources and RTOs those are all being focused on. And I think FERC is doing a very credible job of marching through this and making sure that we are able to invest in transmission in a way that secures this country in so many ways. So I think that process will continue. Who knows what goes on with the ROEs, the 50 basis point adder and that kind of thing. That -- I mean that could take years to resolve. But, nevertheless, we'll continue moving forward with our investments and we'll continue to look forward to the rules, processes and procedures to be put in place where we as significant stakeholders in this process are allowed to make the investments that we need to make on a timely basis. There's no question that as we look at all the resources that are needed, the changes and the transmission system, fiber type issues that I'm sure that they'll be interested in as well in a regional activities associated with planning, ensuring that we're able to invest the way that we should on a timely basis with as little risk as possible. And that's really important because there are so many changes occurring. And for now you're seeing -- you really are seeing implications relative to resiliency and reliability. And I think everyone needs to take a pause and ensure that we're looking at that with our eyes wide open and that we're doing the right things at the right time. And that process continues. And I think FERC is doing a great job.
Nick Akins: Yeah. Certainly we believe with the original agreements and the ability to operate under the operating committee under that agreement, we can really focus on the status quo and ensuring that we're able to move forward with a partner that's a third party, so that the provisions of the agreement already provide for the ability to make those kinds of adjustments. So it's our belief that we do not need to go back to FERC for additional approvals.
Nick Akins: Well, obviously, we know that the headwinds of inflation and those types of things are areas of conflict with an increased valuation. But at the same time, you've got a lot of robust interest in these assets and the fact that continues to produce energy in a market that provides additional benefits for whoever winds up owning this asset. So, it's hard to tell what the valuations are going to look like right now. But I don't -- I mean certainly we're not concerned about all the macro issues that are involved because these assets stand pretty well in and out of itself and you have the positives and negatives. But now that -- and that's why we obviously took the adjustment on Flat Ridge 2, because we really wanted that out of the portfolio so that you wouldn't be arguing with bidders about what that valuation was and what the risks were of that particular project. The rest of them, or excellent projects that should bode well in the marketplace. So, like I said, I can't tell you any thoughts on what we see valuation to be. I think the market will tell us.
Nick Akins: Yes. I'll say, obviously, we have a lot of capital to fund and we have a great plan to do it. I would probably look at the ownership levels of the new renewables projects and that's going to provide additional opportunity for us resilience and reliability certainly distributed energy resources. All these types of things in our plans are really providing us the opportunity to fine-tune our portfolio to match what the growth expectations we have around those areas. So, no, we're not done. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to add value from a shareholder perspective, but also to ensure that our customers are seeing the capital deployment that provides a better experience. And that's something that we're very focused on. So, this just going to – you're only seeing, really the beginning of the part of our business that is going to endure going forward, as we transition this company. And that process will certainly continue. That's why I sort of said, it's a continued execution around, and I use taking care of business, but adding a dash of let's go crazy that sort of says we're going to be thinking on the edge about what can be done to make sure that we fund these real opportunities we have ahead of us.
Nick Akins: Yeah. I think, it certainly it's going to be a challenge. And I think I said that, last quarter, it is going to be a challenge. And the way it appears to be coming together is there were some – there are some discussions going on. There may still be discussions going on. But right now, they're so focused on the healthcare pharmaceutical activities that may be bifurcated. And then – and certainly the Chips Act now, we're obviously for the Chips Act, because Intel is locating within our territory with two fabs, up to eight fabs, and that's a huge, huge positive. So you have things like that that are going on now not only that, but obviously the midterms are providing some overhang to getting even a smaller package done, although there has been discussions of working on that and trying to get something done by September 30. But even that is going to be a really hard thing to do. So again, I would say, post election you're probably dealing with either some form of a smaller package, or extenders which that's a typical thing that happens toward the end of the year, when ITCs, PTCs start to roll off, again, you'll see extenders or the IRS of supply chain activities being able to extend it for some period of time. You'll probably see some Band-Aid solutions until you see solid solution going forward. So I just think the environment is certainly very volatile right now, and it will take time to work itself out. And maybe even post election, again, you'll maybe have some sense of calmness to be able to focus in on some of these things that are important, because our industry. And by the way, our 16,000 megawatts does not include any extension of ITCs, PTCs. But we are definitely for those extensions and expansions to nuclear and as well to storage. Those are clear opportunities for us to redefine the resource plans going forward. Direct Pay is also very important us, but we -- that would make -- at least at this point, as a test sale, maybe later on we can convince everybody that that truly is a benefit to our customers. So anything we get from that perspective will ultimately be a benefit to our customers from an economic standpoint and that will be good for, not only our movement to a clean energy economy, but the options that we have available to us, namely with storage, nuclear, hydrogen hubs, those kinds of things need to continue to be looked at to make sure we're resilient and reliable going forward. So that's where we stand right now, I think.
Nick Akins: Well, I think, that's exactly why, certainly, we said a rational and reasonable approach to moving forward from a resource perspective. We have to be able to maintain reliability, resiliency and economics for the grid and to our customers. And certainly, for our units, we continue to progress along the path that we've already placed in line. And actually, you have to do that to be able to define the future. And we're very, very focused on the just transitional aspects of our communities as we make any transition. So you touched on a point that's particularly important, for resiliency and reliability reasons, the capacity provided by these units is extremely important. And whether the capacity factors move down, as you bring in and layer in more renewable energy and clean energy, that's fine, as long as you have the resource to be able to meet the demands. And then, eventually, we have to find a path that ensures the communities continue to thrive from a tax standpoint, fire protection, police protection, school boards, all that kind of stuff. We have to be able to look at that. We can't just shut down these communities and then decide something else. So in areas like West Virginia with the coal-fired generation, we have to define what that path is. It may be small modular reactors, if we can define what that risk is and limit it from a shareholder perspective. Certainly, DOE is very interested in that. And it just so happens, the jobs of a small modular reactor is the same as a coal plant and paying the same taxes and those types of things that's an opportunity to take a look at whether it's hydrogen hubs or storage or other activities. So we've got to be able to rationalize that. But coal has provided an important benefit in coal generation particularly during these summer months. And obviously, during the winter months as well and we've got to be mindful of how that process continues. So that's why we have to say it has to be rational reasonable and with the time frame that makes sense.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, obviously, there's been substantial opportunities there in those regions of the country, because actually when we put in renewables, the renewables is helping from an ROE perspective. So -- and obviously from -- as it reduces rates to customers from a fuel standpoint and overall in the savings gives us an opportunity to deploy capital investment in those areas. Sometimes obviously, we'll spend capital to make sure that we're doing those things to ensure resilience liability and all those activities. But particularly, from an ROE perspective, a ratemaking standpoint, equity layers has certainly been a big push of ours and certainly from a concurrent recovery standpoint with formula-based rates we have forward-looking rates in Indiana and Michigan. We like to see that in other jurisdictions with the massive amounts of capital that we're deploying. And then typically the renewables are tracked as part of the investment until we get it in rate base and that's worked out great for us. I think -- and you're also seeing opportunities for us to really get out ahead with the commissions on what we're trying to achieve in terms of not only benefits to our customers, but also the ability for our customers to use our product. I mean, I look at on the customer side with distributed energy resources with the analytics and all the equipment that can be put in place to enable customers to make wise judgments would be highly beneficial not just for the operations of the grid, but also to mitigate their own fuel costs and bills during periods of time and obviate the need for the securitization or other things that we have to do in huge storm-related environments. So, I think there's a lot of good things going on. And the trackers, I think, it's 85% of our recovery is tracker base. So we'd like to improve on that as well. I think there has to be a recognition that cash coming into the utility is particularly important and we always talk about FFO to debt and the utilities with all the massive investments necessary. We need to be able to see the cash coming in the door so that we can continue to make those kinds of investments. So that's going to be huge message for our regulators going forward as well. But we're doing good things. And as long as we're doing good things and spending on the right things, we believe we're aligned with our commissions and our customers on the right path forward and we feel very good about the path that we're on.
Nick Akins: So – we plan on completing a transaction with Buckeye related to that particular plant. So they would take ownership of the plant and we would take a PPA back for a certain period. So – and then that means we will not have any generation to speak of left in Ohio on the unregulated side. So – and that it's a long way from where we were in Ohio. But I think it's also there's a message for Ohio in terms of generation that needs to be placed in this state. So that's probably another issue I can get into it but I'll stop there. But I think that's all in the plans already.
Nick Akins: No I don't read too much into it because transmission is a key component for our not only for our investment in the company but also in terms of what we see relative to the transition to the future. Transmission is a key component for resiliency, reliability and optimization, as we move to a clean energy environment. So, no, we're -- from a transmission standpoint, we feel very good about our role relative to transmission. And actually, I see distribution continuing to grow and certainly the renewables transformation itself. So, no, don't read anything into that.
Nick Akins: Yes. So the April integrated resource plan, certainly showed what was needed from an APCo perspective. So -- and I think there's probably more to come on that, but it's actually immaterial at this point.
Julie Sloat: Shar, this is Julie. As an anecdote, when we initially made this announcement, I can tell you that not only was I receiving calls Nick was receiving calls. Chuck Zebula whose team is running the process was receiving calls so a lot of inbound calls coming in. And as far as what you can anticipate, I get it it's a shorter time line assuming we launch at the very latest in early September we should be able to come back to you by October 4th with color on how that process is going. And you're right. I mean there are other folks in the market as well. That's why I think we need to get out there as soon as we can and get business taken care of. So that is absolutely the objective. And stay tuned we'll have more color to share with you.
Julie Sloat: Just to provide you a little more color if you're trying to model, aside from giving you market price point. We did include in the presentation today on slide number 44, the breakdown of all of the projects that are included in the portfolio. You'll see that we've essentially removed Flat Ridge 2 like we talked about today, as it relates to asset value and that type of thing that's on our balance sheet. If you look at our balance sheet, today our asset value associated with the portfolio as it stands is about $2.1 billion. The equity position is about $1.4 billion. We do have some projects, debt and tax equity that totaled about $272 million. So, you can plug that into your model as well. And then, we do get the question around how much did this contribute to earnings. So, for 2022 for the Generation & Marketing segment, which is $0.31 total for our guidance, kind of that midpoint about $0.13 to $0.17 relates specifically to this portfolio. So you can kind of begin to back into whatever valuation you want to assign to it. And there is a very low tax basis associated with it, but we do have some capacity to absorb a tax gain, because we've got some credits sitting on the bench that we can use to offset that. So, don't view that as problematic or seriously gating for us because it's not -- we'll be able to hurdle over that.
Julie Sloat: We're good. You're good. No worries there. So, no change in that modeling or those assumptions. We're good.
Julie Sloat: Michael, maybe a little more help there too on PSO in particular. We've got securitization that we'll be completing here next month. So in August for the storm Yuri cost, so that should help to alleviate some of this pressure as well. And we'll be filing another base case. So stay tuned for that as well. And as Nick mentioned, just some refinement around utilization of different rate adjustment clauses, et cetera, not only in West Virginia, Virginia but then also as we take a look at SWEPCO, we still have the outstanding component that's not included in rates. So we've got different ways to get after it and you'll see us talk more about that as we come at you here on October 4. So stay tuned.
Julie Sloat: Yes Michael. So that PPA with Cardinal goes I think through 2028 to give you a endpoint on that as well.
