Ann Kelly: Yes. No, it's absolutely right. I mean utilizing the securitization allows us to spread it out over time and minimize and actually keep our customer rates relatively flat, which is really the intention. Now this will take some time. It will be effective in June, and we need to commission the order. So we would expect the securitization to take place in the first half of 2024.
Ann Kelly: Yes, $520 million. And as I mentioned, the securitization of that will take some time. So likely won't be done by the end of this year. But -- in terms of our other fuel balances in other jurisdictions, we have positive mechanisms to recover that. And also natural gas rates and power prices are declining, so that will help somewhat as well.
Ann Kelly: Yes. I think it actually might be a little bit less than 100 basis when you think about it because we have $1.7 billion of deferred fuel at the end of the year.
Ann Kelly: Yes, absolutely. So I mean should Kentucky not close, we would expect to keep our equity needs the same. So no new equity if that happens. We'll just be managing our FFO to debt as tightly as possible and don't expect any changes.
Ann Kelly: Yes, there's really 2 main drivers. Deferred fuel is the biggest piece, but the other piece is we've had some return of collateral from a mark-to-market due to the reduction in natural gas and power prices that has impacted that as well.
Ann Kelly: No, $0.08 is last year. So the 2022 EPS from renewables, as we mentioned, for 2023, we expect that to be $0.01.
Ann Kelly: No. Right now, we are not going to reduce any equity in the outer years. But as Julie mentioned, once we close the Kentucky transaction, the renewables transaction, we're going to we reevaluate and see whether or not we can responsibly take out equity in the future while keeping in mind and having a strong balance sheet.
Ann Kelly: Yes. So the income tax, there's a little bit of geography here with respect to the parent company loss that's driving that impact. And then -- the other is just a lot of very small items that are loan together.
Julia Sloat: No hidden message there at all, Shahriar. We want to make sure that we get both of these transactions in the bag, get them taken care of and then we'll recalibrate. And as you know, our objective is twofold. We want to make sure we have a strong balance sheet because we don't want anybody worried about any dilutive otherwise actions that we would have to take. So that's first and foremost. So top of mind for us is making sure that balance sheet is in check.  And as you know, we put out a target goal for FFO to debt of 14% to 15%. That being said, to the extent that we will then be able to eliminate future equity needs, we don't have a significant amount of equity financing when you look out over the horizon. But if we're able to kind of pull that back a little bit and still hit the objective on the strong balance sheet, we'll absolutely do that. So no hidden message. Obviously, both of these are moving along, contractor renewables new for us. We know that, that will close in the second quarter. We believe that's the plan to close in the second quarter. And as you know, Kentucky is pending with its 203 application. So stay tuned. We just want to make sure that we got this completely right for you all and that you're not concerned.
Julia Sloat: Yes, absolutely. And I love the question because that's exactly what we're doing in our house right now is going through the paces to determine exactly does it fit -- if there's anything that does fit, what does that look like? Stay tuned. That will be a first half story for AEP. So expect us to be coming to you probably in the second quarter with a little more granular detail because we're literally going through that analysis now and working with the troops to make sure we have that finally, too, so we can get back out to you.  As far as quantifying how big is this business and what does it mean currently to AEP, the net asset position or, I guess, equity position, if you strip out the liabilities, we're talking about $193 million -- the vast majority of that is working capital to the tune of about $150 million of the $193 million, and the rest is largely IT software, and then we have a little smidge of goodwill in there of about $1 million to give you some parameters.  And then another thing that I would think about is what does that mean from an EPS perspective, in 2022, this retail business contributed $0.05 of EPS. And in 2023, we have $0.04 embedded in our guidance to give you that goalpost to. Hopefully, that helps.
Julia Sloat: So we're at 13.2% as of year-end. And so if we get above that 14%-ish range by year-end 2023, I don't know that looks about -- I don't say entirely 100 basis points, but it's pretty significant.
Julia Sloat: Yes. So here's where I'll draw your attention to. And I know we have the little equalizer chart here in the slide deck somewhere. I think it's on Page 41. And so you can get a sense of kind of where we are hanging out on each of the respective operating company entities. But what we do have in play right now is that at PSO, so Oklahoma, we have a base case underway. So that should help us to begin to heal the ROE, the earned ROE at PSO. So stay tuned for that. So base case in play there. And then as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we recently were able to finalize our Louisiana base case and then reactivate this formula rate plan. So that will get underway to, again, to help move SWEPCO's ROE back up closer to its authorized levels. Kentucky, obviously, you know what we're doing with Kentucky. And APCo, I think APCo, that's why the legislation in Virginia becomes so important to us. because we're in an under-earning position right now. We got the outcome of the Virginia triennial case, which should be beneficial to us in 2023, but I would still expect APCo's ROE to be under pressure until we get, hopefully, some resolution around Virginia legislation that to the extent that we're able to modify the regulatory recovery methods that are being employed in that particular state, we'll begin to see some healing on that particular ROE, too. So our triennial versus say a biennial, AEP is going to lead more toward a biennial or an annual type look versus necessarily that triennial because unfortunately kind of tracks us in an under-earning position, so stay tuned. We'll see how the Virginia legislation process moved along. Our team is absolutely at the table with all the other stakeholders. So that sounds constructive. So we're hopeful and we'll see this developing situation through and then we would expect something to be in the improvement territory for APCo.
Julia Sloat: Anything shorter, Steve, is going to be better for us -- so that will move us in a more productive situation or direction for APCo in particular. I mean an annual rate trout would be fine, too. But again, you can see the direction. So that will be important for us as we work through the different solutions that are being contemplated now because I know we have, I think, 3 bills that are being evaluated or at least shopped in Virginia. But as I mentioned, AEP is absolutely at the table, and we'll see how this ultimately shakes out. Obviously, the benefit needs to go to the customers, but then also our investors as we work to improve the ROE.
Julia Sloat: Yes. Nick, I still appreciate the question, and I'll let Ann jump in here in a second on what our thoughts are on funding. But I have before I do that, I have to say, we're committed to the transaction. I know you point that out. And I know we do have a tight time line. That's precisely why I threw that out there in my opening comments. The objective is to, I'll say, push for the tape because I know we've got that April 26 date. But importantly, I need you guys to have this takeaway both the AEP and the Algonquin team members continue to have a regular dialogue and work closely together.  So we're all in and we'll continue to push to try to do this as expeditiously as possible. But I think we're also in a good position from a financing perspective. Ann, you want to talk a little bit...
Julia Sloat: Yes. So the next gating item for us is March 31. That ends the commentary period, and we'll just proceed from there. We know the other backdrop for us or backstop for us, as I mentioned in my comments, is the April 26 date. So that's top of mind for us as well. But here's where I continue to go in my mind. None of the benefits yet to the customer until we close the transaction. They don't start in advance. So that's incredibly important. And I think we've got everyone's attention.  And Bill, the other thing that we were particularly sensitive to, and I know Darcy has probably shared this with you, if you've called in, in the interim here, but we really made an effort to take the FERC blueprint to make sure that we were accommodating or addressing the concerns that FERC voiced as it relates to taking care of customers and making sure there's no harm.  And as a matter of fact, if you at the application. I think we go in pre through the new 203 application in pretty granular form. I think it's Pages 4, 5 and 6. Clearly, I've read this a few times. Take a look at that if you want to get a better sense of what the parties have come up with to be able to take care of the customers in the state of Kentucky and specifically Kentucky Power's footprint. So I think everybody is going to be working on an expedited basis and schedule.  And clearly, we very much appreciated the shortened comment period because I do think it's indicative. So we'll continue to work through it and rest assured that both the AEP and Algonquin team members will continue to be in regular contact with one another because at this point, we're partners in all of this.
Julia Sloat: Excellent question, excellent question. And here's how we can answer that for you. I mentioned that the teams are in constant contact and regular contact. I would expect that if we get closer to that date, that the teams will be talking specifically about this. So stay tuned.
Julia Sloat: That's correct. Yes, $0.08 for 2022, $0.01 for 2023. And so the way I would characterize it, and I think this is how we had the press release neutral to maybe slightly dilutive to the tune of $0.01. So from my chair, I'm not worried about it.
Julia Sloat: I think that's a fair characterization. And just as a reminder because Ann wasn't here when we made these announcements last year. But Paul, you may remember, we took out of the 2022 plan -- the 2022 plan, $1.4 billion of equity because we assume that the Kentucky transaction would have closed. We never put that equity back in. And so right now, we're just kind of waiting to have that particular transaction close. And then we introduced the contracted renewables transaction on top of that. So what you see today is versus what we originally had planned, we had already stripped out $1.4 billion of equity. So that's already assumed in this plan versus what we originally had when we announced Kentucky. And so as Ann mentioned, what you should anticipate is we've already assumed all the process both of these transactions are assumed in the multiyear forecast you have on Page 39.  And that once we close on both of them, we like cash. We like cash coming in the door. So once we close on those, we'll be able to recalibrate to make sure we're doing -- hitting 2 objectives: number one, make sure that we're getting to that 15% -- 14% to 15% FFO-to-debt and then being able to tweak, meaning otherwise translation reduce any of those equity needs in those future periods. So don't anticipate us just piping all of that out because we've already assumed the Kentucky utilization was in there, but we may have some wiggle room here to take some additional dollars out in terms of equity once we close on the transaction.  And so no hidden message there. We're just wait until we have the dollars, and we'll be right back to you to be able to take some of those equity needs out assuming we can get the metrics that we need to hit from an FFO-to-debt perspective, and I think we can do it.
Julia Sloat: Yes. So here's what I have. I have that SB 1075 was amended in the house and then we -- it was transitioned to a biennial. And then we're continuing to work with our legislators and the governors to reach some consensus on the language. And if this does pass, what you should anticipate is that AEP or APCo would file its last triennial in 2023, and that would cover the period through 2022. So we'll see if we can get this across the goal line.  I know we've got some other competing bills or legislation that is being proposed as well, also looks like a biennial situation.
Julia Sloat: Yes. I can give you the renewable part, that was $0.08. I have that off the top of my head. I can give you the -- so I'm going to work it a little bit backwards. I give you the retail piece of the business, and that's not the generation component. So that was $0.05. So then you've got, what, $0.13 there of the total earned. We can circle back with you, Paul, and get you that number, though. That would be no problem.
Julia Sloat: Hang on one second here. We're kind of running through my notes because I don't have that in front of me.
