Michael G. Morris: Gee, Brian, thanks a lot. It's too bad the comp committee met yesterday. Cary, with that, I'd like to start taking questions.
Michael G. Morris: And I think Steve, what Brian suggested, and suggest in effect laid out, was that we've recovered about 75% of those gross dollars with the various subsets of service that we provide to credit providers, as well as the recaptured customers.
Michael G. Morris: Well, obviously, in this business, warmer-than-normal weather is a blessing on occasion. And as you surely remember, and we've all lived through cooler-than-normal weather, is equally devastating. So what we've done over a series of years really, Steve, as you surely know is, when things are good, we step on the pedal for O&M spending. I think Brian spiked out the impact. We had a unique year in storm effects on the system. None of them large enough to touch the threshold of reserving for future recovery under the 11 jurisdictional states where we do business for the most part. That's obviously an increase in O&M spending. But we also have continued to do more work this year than we've done traditionally, because we wanted to take full advantage of that weather. When you look at the weather impact, most importantly, look at the earnings year-over-year impact of the incredible rate successes we've continued to have in 2011, which is just following a path that we've had since we came here in 2004. So weather has been good to us, it has been like all other utilities. Without that, we would have had some challenges. But each and every year, we've touched our midpoint in earnings, and this would have been 1 more year where we would've reacted to the weather, either constructively as we have or conservatively if we needed to.
Michael G. Morris: It's clear that it's been a bit more aggressive than we thought that it would have been. I think that had a lot do with the ongoing availability of natural gas-fired kilowatt hours being available in the marketplace. The flip side of that is, of course, what Brian had laid out to the question Steve had asked, is that, that has given us additional kilowatt hours to the put into the market. So we've offset a great deal of it. But it is clearly been more aggressive than we had forecasted.
Michael G. Morris: Yes, I think that's really accurate way. So net-net, although I don't have the true net-net number in my head, I would tell you on balance, we think we've done real well in that space. And some of our customers had the joy of having others supply energy to them. As you know, in a volatile market, sometimes that joy becomes pain. But at least for this calendar year, the customers have done well, and I would argue the shareholders have surely done well as well.
Michael G. Morris: And that will all be determined, Greg, in the current proceedings there in front of the PUCT. But interestingly enough, if you go back to the root our case, the actual foundation case, the commission at that time determined that the appropriate interest rate for AEP Texas, TCC and TNC would in fact, be 11.7%. And so we think the Supreme Court really didn't give them any latitude to make any other choice, that is the rate that they found in the case, and the court didn't give them any direction about whether they should change that. They just said that has been determined in our case. So we think we've got fighting shot at the $1.2 billion that Brian mentioned, and we will be aggressive in our approach because we think our owners deserve that over a period of years that we've waited for the appropriate decision.
Michael G. Morris: I think the board was obviously very encouraged to do this one more time. They were cautious for the 2012 view of that same point, because we'll get some clarity about the capital demands on the system. We'll get additional clarity as Brian really pointed out on what Ohio looks like. And there has been some writing that is probably a bit more aggressive than it needs to be about the changing mix of the earnings stream of American Electric Power going forward. You can do a simple calculation to say we'll be 20-plus percent of deregulated if you look at the fleet in Ohio. But the reality of that is that many of the those megawatts will be dedicated to other members of what will become a 3-state pool or a 3-party pool, I should say, actually for 5 states involved in it. As well as the continued serving of municipal and co-op customers here in our service territory. What Brian and I and the management team have really looked at when we look at the overall sequential step to market, is we'll take that Ohio fleet as it continues to free up to as many longer term, more dependable contracts as we can. Yet we're going to keep a pretty solid number of megawatt hours to take full advantage of the volatility in the marketplace. Our commercial operations group as you know, has been very adept at being on the right side of those equations frequently. And Lisa Barton and the transmission group will begin to work hard on de-bottlenecking some of our avenue to the East Coast markets where we'll see substantially different margin. On the upside by getting to some of the higher cost cross-market places, I know our competitors over there won't be happy about that, but open markets are open markets, and we will be the second lowest cost producer in this particular region. But for those who are more heavy nuke, so we look forward to that as it comes in. And it won't be near as risky as I know some have written about.
Michael G. Morris: Well, a lot of it will be in the overall discussions with the other pool members, because they are going to be eager to have some capacity assigned to them going forward, so that will work that way. It's our view although not yet finalized that the pool will have a different base to it, that it won't be capacity, long short charges but more of focused on energy charges. So we think we'll be able to tie up a certain amount of those megawatts and those kinds of undertakings. And that's yet to be negotiated. But our plan there is that, as it has always been to keep the other states as a whole as we can in that process. And I think in a competitive nature, I'd rather not share exactly the number of megawatts that we intend to put either into that play. To the extent that they're more advantageous for a 12-, 14-, 24-month window, as we look out at the marketplace we'll put more there. The muni coop piece, as you know, we've been hugely successful with that on our Western footprint. And really I've never had the opportunity but for a few endeavors in our Eastern footprint, we'll be a bit more aggressive there as well. I think in that muni coop area, American Electric Power is viewed as an incredibly strong and dependable supplier of kilowatt hours. So we think we will have a great deal of success, but as you know, only time will tell. But I assure you this, that from at least my chair vantage point and I know this Board of Directors very, very well, and I know Nick very well, this will not be a risky play.
Michael G. Morris: Yes, I think if you look at Appalachian Power, particular Virginia, has been desirous of having more direct ownership of their generating capacity. The Dresden facility, which actually will come online earlier than we thought, and has already run some dry-run test. We'll be assigned to Appalachian Virginia and West Virginia, Charles Patton and the team has already gotten rate approval for that or acceptance of that by the 2-state commission, so they are very eager to have that done. The issue in Kentucky will continue to be depending on the environmental regulations, whether we retrofit Big Sandy, we convert Big Sandy some kind of a gas facility or we enter into the power purchase agreements to satisfy Kentucky's need as we a look at that issue going forward. So we think there is a lot of flexibility there. We are in early conversations with commission staffs on those issues. And to date, they are fruitful, they are intended to be constructive. And I think it's pretty safe to say that's what we've experienced.
Michael G. Morris: First off Michael, thanks for your friendly comments. Not really. Again, we will hold a certain amount of that capacity in reserve and play that volatility market, obviously, intending to take full advantage of -- no matter, which way you look at the EPA implementations. The FERC's 80-plus thousand gigawatts coming offline to the EEI's 40-plus thousand gigawatts coming or 40 gigawatts coming offline, I'm sorry. It's going to put a tremendous amount of pressure on the simple supply-demand equation. We have as a country recovered about 95% of the overall weather-adjusted electric output to the prerecession impacts in calendar 2008. The electrification of the U.S. economy continues to pace. I saw some comments that my good friend Jim Rogers said the other day, I couldn't disagree with him more. We continue to see additional electrification commercially, residentially in the industrial space as well. So we're going to hold some megawatts back for that. But this isn't the board I assure you, Nick. The rest of the seat of the management team and me sitting on the board and watching from the chairs, perched, we're just not big gamblers. There's not much to be gained by that. You may have a great month, you may have a great week, you may even have a great quarter, but I think the proudest comment I can say about commercial operations, which started long before I got here, but during my tenure, we have never ever had a losing quarter. And that's just simply says that we are conservative and smart. And I think those are tremendous talents to have in that particular shop.
Michael G. Morris: No. I mean, it's pretty clear. If you look at what we've done with the fleet that we had to work within our western footprint, long-term contracts are the standard. And there are contracts that fluctuate with every input piece into the cost of electricity and most of them yield in the high kind of mid-double digit returns on equity, capital investment, when you calculate back to the traditional cost of service model. And that will really be what you see us do. We as you know, today if I were out to buy some coal, it would cost me $70, $80, maybe $90 a ton, our overall 2011 number is in the 40s. That's another place where we think we've got a huge competitive advantage. I think that's part of why when you look at the transition of our fleet here in our eastern footprint, some are happy to have the opportunity to compete in our market, lots of them would rather not see us compete in their market. And when our fleet gets free, it will be intriguing to see how successful it is. But again, we just don't have a belly for big plays, big swings. We'll tie up as much of it in the pool arrangements as we can. We'll enter in to some very long-term -- you think of partners of ours like about Buckeyes Power, you think of other major co-ops here in our footprint, AMP Ohio is looking to build some facilities going forward. They may have trouble as almost everyone does, building facilities. So we'll be here to satisfy those kinds of loads as we go forward. We've had success over the years in Virginia, West Virginia, we'll continue to do a lot more of that as we go forward.
Michael G. Morris: Paul, I think we're in a hybrid litigation. We have a stipulation that's been signed by all but 3 parties. At the last meeting, we had 47 lawyers there, all but 3 of them were in agreement with the undertaking. Not all of them obviously, some of them were multiple representatives of individual signers to the issue. We have been unable to get OCC to ever join American Electric Power in any settlement, that's just the standard, and we understand that. And we tried very diligently. We made some, what we thought were very reasonable proposals to the OCC, they chose not to sign on. We tried but could not satisfy the near term desires for FirstEnergy and IEU. IEU and FirstEnergy looked like peas in a pod. So we did what we could in that endeavor. The commission staff was very direct on what they needed to sign on to a stipulation. I know within the structure of a regulatory commission, the staff works on its own, it doesn't get direction from the commission. But clearly, they're there in the same building and they know what was required. So it will follow that hybrid litigated path. We're pretty much done with direct testimony and pretty much done with cross-examination of witnesses. The staff stood strong behind the case. There is some concern with MRO issue, but price is not the sole determiner of whether you do or don't pass that test. There are other intangibles and tangibles, and the staff witness was very clear about that. Particularly if you read the redirect testimony, where he proffered that the prices, but one of a number of areas that commission needs to look at. I think as a subset, there is a great deal of support in the state of Ohio for the development of the shale gas play. I think a very unique subset of what our situation provides for is the ability to over time determine that there's some of the Muskingum River facilities might coal retire, and get replaced with new shale gas-fired natural gas. Those are some encouragements. Our customers see some real benefits, and this including as I'd mentioned, many of our large customers a 5% to 10% reduction in their overall rates. And that has always left a puzzle for us, as to why not everyone signed on to those, on to the settlement. But it is what it is. And we've put in a great case, we don't get any signal from anybody that there's concern over that. And the commission will issue an order, whatever it is, we'll take a look at it. If it is a what we filed, obviously, we're happy. If it isn't, we'll take a look at that, and look at what our options are once that's done.
Michael G. Morris: It will be premature to take that step now, Paul. But today, we get that order, and we get clarity on what the environmental spend might need to be in '12, we'll be the first to share that with you. And because of the ESP has some legs on it, and that it will be '12 '13, '14 event, we'll probably give you a pretty good look in the out years as well and how we see utilization of the megawatts as they free up in the marketplace for those years as well.
Michael G. Morris: Well, we all have public positions that we take. We have had number of meetings with the administrator. We have had a number of meetings with the system administrator in charge of air [ph]. They are people that we have great respect for. They are quite eager to listen, and have been more than meeting us halfway in an open discussion of the impacts. They, like the RTOs are very concerned about reliability. I don't think anyone in this administration or any administration wants to have the lights flicker or go off in some region of the country by ill-thought-through implementation -- policies that again, at the end of the day, I know my friends in the environmental community are arguing that AEP stands for Trashing the Clean Air Act, and nothing could be further from the truth. What we're suggesting is stretch this thing out to maybe 2018, have some RTO flexibility for 2 more years. Then you can get to the same environmental footprint without the risk of reliability issues. Without the unnecessary expense of all of us falling all over each other to do the same work at the same time. That's why quite honestly, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers have been lockstep with us on this issue from day 1. As had the mine workers and boilermakers and some others. There's just a better approach to take to this, and you get to the same environmental conclusion. The healthcare effects, we've got medical folks who say they're not real. They've got medical folks who say, they're absolutely real. Whether or not that ends or wins the argument, it's almost immaterial. What we're trying to do here is be rational. And again, if that happens or doesn't happen, we have a plan. We have a plan. We've already begun some of the hard work that we'll have to implement in '12. We're prepared to do what we need to do. But clearly, it will entail shutting plants prematurely and having the impact on local property tax and employees that, that will have. The other side of the equation is absolutely accurate. Once you begin to put capital money to work, jobs are created. The issue here is will the lights stay on? And that's the argument that we make. So it would be premature for me to say that, "Gee, we really sense that they're moving." But they are listening and they are rational people. And the public announcements that the administrator made in Denver last week or earlier this week, would surely indicate that, that may not be the case. But Democrats on the Hill are beginning to say, "Wait a second," on both the House and the Senate. There are some pretty strong union movements for, "Hey, wait a second." So we're looking forward for some relief. Clearly, the move she made on CSAPR for allowing for a better and longer ability to move resources across state borders was helpful. Not all that needed to be done. We will be able to comment on that, I think, next week or the week after, and we will enter again comments as requested on a better approach to that particular undertaking. So they're listening, and they're adjusting, and we're all going to get to the same place, cleaner air, better air quality. And at the end of the day, more appropriately placed electricity without the reliability risk.
Michael G. Morris: It's interesting, Jonathan, when you think about some of the points Brian made out west, when we look at our SWEPCO, our operating company, we have a U.S. steel facility that was shuttered and running at minimum demand, but based on shale oil and shale gas development, throughout that region of the country, it's a 24/7 now. We're beginning to see at AEP Ohio some incredible reactivity in the steel industry for a drill pipe going on. And what that says, is that jobs are coming back in the energy sector. Jobs lead to a better commercial demand and better residential demand. So we're hopeful when we look at '12, like everyone were worried, but we are seeing some signs, and at least on 1/2 of the presidential debate, you're beginning to see everybody talk about energy development. Tom Donohue over at the chamber is starting to say, "Look, there are literally millions of jobs sitting on the shelf, if America would simply develop its energy resource rather than look at it as a negative, we could move this economy forward quickly." I was at the meeting a week ago with Jamie Dimon, well known to all of you, who suggest that from his vantage point, of course has worked well for his a bank. But from his vantage point, the U.S. economy is simply waiting for someone to step on the gas and instead of the break, and getting rid all of these silly regulations would be the first step in the right direction and developing the energy resource base. So I guess, you like, Paul might think I'm running for office. But if I did that would be my platform.
Michael G. Morris: It'll be in that range that Brian talked about, which will include that or will include that 3.25 point.
Michael G. Morris: Yes, look, we're looking for sales growth not unlike we've looked before. We came into this year looking for something on the order of 1% to 2%, we'll probably look at the same kind of a number going into next year.
Michael G. Morris: But I think it's important, Paul, that we make sure we make this statement about '12 as we look at it. The 3.25 will be inside of a range. It's not the point estimate that we had before. But this is a team that's used to delivering, and '12 won't be any different than 2004 and every year that we've worked here before that. So it's going to be more challenging than we thought it would be based on what we originally had filed. But it will be a test of the skill sets of this team, which we really never failed to satisfy.
Michael G. Morris: And I think it's interesting, Paul, when you look back as we stepped into the 2009 of this, the questions that you were all asking us then, what does this look like? Is this a redo of 1980? And what we said to you then has come to pass. What we said about 1980 was lot of our industrial manufacturing facilities closed down, never to reopen. What we've seen through this recovery in 2010, 2011, that we hope would go on in '12 is that most of them have gone back to a multiple of 24/7 shifts from 1 shift to 2 to 3. The aluminum guys going from 2/3 production to full production. Everything, but Century Aluminum has been back to where we saw it before without any major loss of customers. And Ohio Governor Casey has done an outstanding job of reinvigorating capital investment in Ohio and we will continue to see that throughout our footprint. So we are pleased with all of that.  Let me bring this to a close, simply by saying one more time, thanks to each and every one of you for your comments at the outset of your questions, maybe that made your questions a little more friendly, and I appreciate that. Let this old dog go home without too many nicks. But this is a great team, and it's going to be in great hands. And it will continue to be an incredibly low risk as my good friend, Don Mad Money [ph] says, "Low risk, high yield, safer than the U.S. government, invest your money at American Electric Power." Thanks a lot team.
Brian X. Tierney: It is not net of customers that we've retained. And that, Steve, along with off-system sales and capacity sales to those competitive retail energy suppliers are all net of those numbers that we've supplied.
Brian X. Tierney: And Steve, those offsets would come through in the lines for off-system sales and Generation and Marketing.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, we do. So the estimate that's reflected today is the low end and the conservative estimate of what we'd anticipate or being able to securitize. We have filed higher amounts with the Texas Commission. So today what we've recognized is a regulatory asset of the principal amount and the interest carrying charges of that $682 million. There is an incremental equity component that were recognized as the securitization amortizes over time, that's about $116 million, and that brings us to a very low and conservative estimate of $817 million. We have filed with the Texas Commission because we believe that we're entitled to amounts that range from that $817 million, which is actually conservative and low, up to what we believe we'd ultimately be entitled to, which is about $1.2 billion. And we're awaiting the results from that Texas proceeding before we could recognize the higher amounts.
Brian X. Tierney: Mike, it does continue, but it comes through a number of different lines in our earnings release format. It comes through line 2, it comes through other income and deductions, as well as depreciation and amortization. And I think for the tie out of which lines of that comes through, I'd refer you to Betty, Joe and Julie for the specifics on that.
Brian X. Tierney: Jonathan, industrial have been strong throughout the year. For the first time this quarter that we've seen in our top 10 industrials, 4 of those customers showed some quarter-on-quarter decreases, very modest in about half a percentage point decrease quarter-on-quarter for the year, but of course, remembering there are some pretty significant increases over time that they'd experience already last year. So as Mike was saying, our industrial sales have recovered 95% of their prerecession levels through 2008. So industrial's been very strong. The rate of increase starting to slow down in some of those top 10 industrial sectors. In the residential side, the west is very strong and the east continues to struggle. West is driven by improvements in our Texas and Louisiana service territories, not least of which, is the acquisition as I mentioned, of the Valley Electric Membership Corporation. So residential really sees a split between east and west, west continuing strength, and east continuing to struggle. In the commercial side, both areas continue to struggle. Up for the quarter but year-to-date flat. We had forecast for the full year a recovery in the commercial sector of 0.07%, and it looks like we’re not going to be able to make that for the year, as we're already so far into the year and are just flat. And again, common results across both east and west for the commercial.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. So we've already experience the ongoing earnings impact of the carrying charges. What will start to reflect once we securitize, is the equity component of that realization, of that securitization. And we anticipate that, that will be prorated over the time of the securitization. So it's about to $116 million, and if you say that, that's prorated over the 7-year anticipated securitization period, we'll be able to get that equity component in addition to the interest carrying charges that we'll be able to realize on an ongoing basis.
Brian X. Tierney: 116 of the equity component, divide it by 7. But more weighted towards the front end of the amortization period.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, it does. We're assuming the reasonable outcome at which, is what we believe that we filed with the commission, and we don't anticipate much if any tweaking to that, given the parties that we've added on to that stipulation. And we anticipate a positive result as we work very hard to achieve that with the settling parties.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, I mean, I think the thing that's weird about it is that, we're at now 95% of our prerecession industrial sales. So to assume that, that would continue indefinitely, I think would be unreasonable. As we're approaching that 100% mark, that rate of increase it will certainly expect that to come in over time. And as I said, much of that increase was driven by that primary metals customer, which is our largest industrial customer. And then again, 6 of the top 10 categories, we've still continued to see increases in both the year-on-year and the quarterly, with only some modest falling off of those sales increases from 4 of those top 10 sectors.
