Brian X. Tierney: Yes. So we're anticipating residential sales to be down almost 1 percentage point in 2014. And we think it's largely being impacted by a lot of the energy efficiency programs that we have across our service territory, with Ohio, Indiana and some other states having some pretty aggressive programs. So it is impacting load, also customer accounts are an impact as well. We're seeing positive customer account growth in the western part of our service territory and pretty stagnant customer growth in the eastern part of our service territory. So when you put those effects together, it's definitely a drag. We'll see how things work out as we go through the year, and we'll obviously be updating you quarter by quarter. But we are anticipating some load decline in the residential sector in 2014.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. So most of what we have for off systems, that's for -- particularly for the generation resources side of the business is hedged with its contract to Ohio for the year. So although our units are performing well, demand is strong, I wouldn't want to get -- have irrational exuberance over the fact that it's been cold and prices have been high at this point.
Brian X. Tierney: What AGR is, and we are participating, but some of our operating companies are having to buy to meet their needs. And we've offered capacity to some of those companies to help fill that need, and some have taken it and some haven't. And we're hoping to get positive resolution to that. But not all of our operating companies are long through this event, but AGR is.
Brian X. Tierney: And Stephen, you also remember that our authorized ROE in PJM is 11.49% and in SPP, it's 11.2%. And with the formula rates that we have for those Transcos, they get updated on an annual basis. So the longest lag we have is 365 days and the average is 180. But we're piling so much money into that business right now that there is some lag, and that's being reflected in the 9.5% combined ROE.
Brian X. Tierney: Hey, Paul, we've been paying in our market area for gas in the PJM part of our footprint, around $6 in MMBtu for gas. You're seeing PJM prices that are $1,000 a megawatt hour during emergencies, going up to $,1,800 a megawatt hour. Do you think that people being paid those prices are being paid for energy? They're not? PJM is basically paying people for the value of their capacity to keep the lights on. It's not energy that they're being paid for, it's capacity. We need to getting some of those capacity rents back in the capacity auction because PJM is showing the real value of having that capacity when they're willing to pay someone $,1,800 when the price of gas is $6 in MMBtu.
Brian X. Tierney: Hey, Paul, what you see in our forecast for transmission spent in earnings, is not subject to Rover. Those are projects that we control, that we have the ability to invest in that are not going to be taken from us by someone else competing for it.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, Steve, obviously, as we're working our way into '15, '16 and '17, and you and others have identified some of the shortfall that we have associated with the transition in Ohio, and then the RPM pricing that we're facing, we're going to be doing things, like moving outages around during that time period, maybe pulling some forward, if we find ourselves a bit hot on earnings in an earlier period, maybe pushing them out into the '17, '18 timeframe. And we're really going to be managing our way through this to a very high degree as we work our way through to make sure we stay in that cone that we've identified. So if we come in -- if we see things particularly hot, whether it's weather or pricing, in 2014, we might pull some outages or expenses out of '15, '16 into '14' to help us manage our way through that process. So I think your description of it makes me think that you understand very well what we're doing.
Brian X. Tierney: So let me give you some detail on that. '13, and you talked about 2 different things, Steve, we'll talk about the pension costs and then the pension expense, okay. So the cost for '13 was $114 million, and the expense ended up coming in being about $64 million, okay, the O&M expense. And then we're forecasting for '14 the cost to be about $84 million. And we're anticipating that the expense will be about $52 million. So the difference year-on-year, the $64 million to the $31 million, is about $33 million.
Brian X. Tierney: I don't, Anthony. We could get you some type of sensitivity for across the system what the 50 basis point change in overall ROE would be, we can get that for you.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, so you asked us 2 different questions with the same answer. The answer for your prior question is the same as this one. '13 came in a little bit higher.
Brian X. Tierney: FERC was clearly, Michael, looking to attract a capital into this space. And what they've done with their ROEs has done exactly what FERC wanted to happen. So as long as they, as Nick was saying, as long as they continue to send a signal that they want increased investment in this area, we'll respond to that signal.
Brian X. Tierney: Incrementally more, Michael, in the OPCo T investments across our system is where we're seeing significantly more investment. We're also seeing increased investment in our Cook Nuclear Power Plant and associated with some of the environmental investments that we're having to make to be responsive demands by 2015. So those are general areas where we're seeing incremental investment.
Nicholas K. Akins: So Greg, the last quarter of the year indicated some positive strength to that. But I think you -- we're going to have to sort of see that play out before we make any changes.
Nicholas K. Akins: Our load growth assumptions through '16 are very, very conservative. So I mean, we are not forecasting to hit our numbers. The classic 1% to 2% load growth that we had seen earlier in the century, we're anticipating that negative 0.5% to positive 0.5% load across the timeframe.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. Greg, we really haven't seen much of that yet. Obviously, there's going to have to be a little history that plays out here with the weather. But also, it's pretty clear that capacity rents are included in energy prices. So with the market reforms that are occurring plus the experiences people are having relative to this extreme weather, there may be opportunities for additional hedging to occur and also, for customers to finally see that we need to sort of lock things up for the long term. So it may be helpful, but at this point, it's too early to tell.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think we stand by originally what we said relative to this business that it'll hinge upon our ability to see this additional hedging occur, that we can firm up the supply and make it look quasi-regulated. At this point, because capacity markets have been depressed and now recent experience aside, it's difficult to tell how successful we'll be in our ability to hedge that up because -- but we're not standing on our laurels with that. We're aggressively looking at the cost structure of the business. We're also reforming the way we operate as our plants -- because they know full well their survival is at risk there. And so we're going to do everything we can do to position this fleet to where it's positive and also address the market reforms that are occurring for now. And then, hopefully, with the events that have transpired recently with the weather, it could help us in terms of -- and get additional hedges in place. But that business, our retail operation, together now with that generation fleet, there are some opportunities there, so we're working on all fronts to ensure that we're able to position this business as best we can. And at the end of the day, it needs to look quasi-regulated to us.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, that sort of -- that remains to be seen. We have -- I think there's 2 or 3 of the changes -- market changes that PJM has filed at FERC. We expect another to get filed. And then with the strainer review of the curve itself, there are some opportunities there if it's done in a positive fashion. But we're going to have to see the results actually of what FERC approves. And it's important for us to see that FERC understands the issues that are in play here and that they obviously make wise decisions on what that market reform should be. And certainly, this is its first round of -- the 2 or 3 filings that have been made by PJM will be instructive in terms of what FERC's mood is relative to market reform.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, I think there's a chance it will. We just -- I think one quarter, a trend doesn't make. So we've got to look at the numbers for this quarter that's occurring now, and we'll continue to adjust accordingly. And not just only adjust our forecast accordingly, but adjust our cost structure accordingly as well, and our employees are well tuned in to that process at this point. So this is very much about optimization business now.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So as you recall there in EEI, we had the presentation of the real projects that are in the plan right now, and then we had this incremental bandwidth above that graph that showed the incremental real projects that are also in hand that we're finding capital for. As you recall, we -- for 2013, I think we moved $120 million of capital over to transmission as a part of our regular ongoing process, primarily from generation, and that's been positive for us. We'll continue to do that to achieve the capital associated with those particular projects that's still well in hand, moving forward very well. And in fact, now, we're in the process of defining a ridge even above that, but that's going to be -- that's going to have to play itself out in terms of our ability to come up with the real projects. We also -- we aren't standing aside on the sidelines with Transource and other activities. We continue to pursue projects outside of our footprint, as evidenced by the -- I know you probably saw that we were 1 of 5 bidders for a Canadian project in the Murray 500 kV project. So all that's going on in all cylinders. And we're very happy with the progress in there, and we'll continue to identify those real projects that can be done.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I think if the market reforms that FERC has in front of it now, are approved, that could be helpful. Whether it's enough, remains to be seen. And that's something I think that all the generators are looking at in terms of how matured you're going to get around the continued investment in generation for the long-term within PJM. But that remains to be seen. I think some have said a slight uptick. Some have said more than that. But it remains to be seen.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, sure. So I'll go through it, in terms of the Ohio Power, the 11.3%, that will probably continue to come down slightly because customer switching continues and as part of the Ohio situation. APCo should improve. There is a West Virginia base case that needs to be filed during the year. And then there is also the Virginia by annual case. As far as Kentucky Power is concerned, that's in sort of a middle of the settlement that occurred relative to the Mitchell transfer. Right now, there is sort of a rider in place. But later in the year, our base rate case will be filed that includes Mitchell being moved over. And then, also, as part of that settlement, also some sales revenues come back to the company, 100%. So that's helpful during the interim process. So we expect that to come up. I&M continues to improve. When you get the full value of the rate, and all the rate activities that they've been involved with. I think the last report had 9.1 or something like that, so up to 9.3, which is positive and will continue to improve. That's where we have the legislation for the nuclear life cycle management projects, the environmental projects. So we have a really, really good recovery mechanism there. And then, PSO is in the midst of a rate case. They just filed it, I think, a week ago, a little over a week ago. $45 million rate case and asking for a 10.5% ROE. That's some smart grid activity involved with that. So we expect the positive result there. And then, as far as SWEPCO is concerned, the only lagging part of SWEPCO we have is the portion of Turk that wasn't included in Arkansas retail rates. And that's being sold on the wholesale market. But there are some increases there related to transmission-related costs filings that need to be made in the jurisdictions. And then there are some dollar deals expense that needs to be filed in Arkansas. So they're working on that as well. So we expect that to improve. And it's moved, it originally, I think, was at 7%, it's up to 7.4%. So it's on its way back up. And then, AEP Texas. It stands pretty good in terms of load growth. It's really helping out there. And that number also includes the amortization of the stranded cost. So it looks high, but it includes that. And then, as far as the Transco, ATT is an area where a TCOS filing has been made. And it still lags. So it will lag until the TCOS filing is made, which that's a pretty standard filing that we've, actually we've already made that. But it's a pretty standard filing works much like a fuel cost recovery mechanism. But we expect that to continue to improve. And then, we've obviously, as we try to -- as we address moving capital over to transmission remember, the capital is moving the transmission and we're spending at a pretty accelerated rate there. So the project spends getting out a little bit ahead of the recovery mechanisms, even though the recovery mechanisms are good. So it's a good place to be, as long as we're meeting our earnings objectives and are able to move our capital around, that's a good place to be. So -- and then, we have some, a little bit of developmental expense there related to Transource facilities group reflected through with the construction going on within Transource. So we expect that to continue to improve as well. So really, probably the only one that could move down is Ohio Power because of the everything associated with the transition to Ohio. But the other's -- the other jurisdictions are on their way up and doing well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, there is some transmission and the operating companies. By and large, most of it is Transco related. It's FERC regulated. And then, of course, Texas is PUCT regulated. So it's pretty straightforward. I mean, we've got the projects. We know what the projects are. They're real projects, and they're just plowing through the process with some favorable recovery mechanisms. So we're particularly happy with where the transmission business is going.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So the high case by '15 is $0.39 a share. And which was, I guess, the original modeling we had have $0.36 a share. So additional $0.03 a share. And then, by '16, we're looking at $0.43 a share. And that they could be upwards toward $0.51 a share. So that's -- and that's based upon those real projects, as I said before. Now if we have incremental projects above that, then there could be additional opportunities there, particularly if some of these projects that we have in PJM that are -- that have been proposed, or the Canadian projects or anything else, that will also contribute beyond what we show and what we did show in the graph back at EEI. But that EEI graph is pretty solid. In that matter, it is solid. And that's pretty solid, it is solid. The issue for us here is making sure we replow the capital back in to get that top side of the transmission, and then also, identify anything beyond that.
Nicholas K. Akins: We continue to hold onto our 4% to 6%. Based upon that original guidance in '13 we gave, that had a 3 15 mid-point. It's a broad bandwidth. And certainly, there's a lot of things that could happen, and ins and outs in the process. So it's sort of difficult to tell at this point. But we'll certainly let you know as it gets closer.
Nicholas K. Akins: So as far as the transmission is concerned, the TCOS filing is already made. So I think they have a 6 months, is it, to come up with a solution there, I think. And it's sort of -- it's -- actually, we've been very successful with our TCOS filing. So I wouldn't suspect we would have any issues there. And then, really, the return, the ROE of 9.5% doesn't reflect the authorized return at all. We're just getting out ahead and we're intentionally getting out ahead to make sure that we plow as much capital as we can into transmission.
Nicholas K. Akins: So again, when you look at it, we're not too concerned about the numbers, I mean, actually, we're not very concerned at all at this point, the 9.5% because the authorized is there, the recovery mechanism is there, the real projects are there. So we just keep plowing away. And I think we're benefiting from the years that we started this transmission business. And we're reaching the critical mass in our own type of investments. And we feel very good about what we're spending, how we're spending it, and certainly, the recovery mechanisms that are in play. So you'll see -- I mean, I guess, last since last year we've been saying we're going to plow as much capital as we can in the transmission. And when you get out ahead of the recovery mechanisms in transmission, you're doing a lot. And -- but we're happy with the progress.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think there's minimal execution risk. These are actual projects that are on the same thing. We're not gold plating anything. We're focused on refurbishing the grid and enhancing the grid to respond to retirements, generation retirements. RTO-related projects. All those kind of things that are in that plan. And there's a minimal execution risk. As long as we perform well, stay on budget, stay with the projects that we've got and ensure that we're -- we've got the right message in terms of optimization, and the activities we do in transmission are needed. And that's something -- what you're seeing in that list is really needed projects for reliability, not economic projects. Those are additive, if they ever occur. So -- and the other positive benefit is that once again, the diversity of all our states is a positive because we're investing, not only in our states, but the adjacent states. And we've added Kansas and Missouri to Transource. So we have some distinct opportunities in all those jurisdictions and the adjacent areas to really have some tremendous benefits here. And really, ultimately, tremendous benefits for our customers and as well, the optimization of the grid itself.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think you're right. I think we're seeing higher energy prices earlier than what we thought. We really thought that it really take off when the units that we are running with retirement. We're retiring 7,150 megawatts of coal fire generation, and 89% of that is running now. And if you start to see which we're seeing and economies start to improve, and on the heels, you're trying to retire that generation, you -- I mean, certainly, we expect that energy prices to continue to improve. But this shows to me, it's shows where the real world and the play world collides. And it reflects through in the energy prices. And if the capacity market is not well thought out in terms of enabling investors to invest and advance relative to construction and everything else associated with the grid itself, then you wind up having this kind of thing happened.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think if, I remember back in 1984, I was in system operations, and the same thing happened, where you had a very cold winter, caps gets frozen. instrumentation gets frozen, natural gas isn't available and it winds up being an energy prices goes out the roof. And then every one of your coal units and every other resource that you have is brought on the run. And you also have, with cold weather, obviously, coal piles can get frozen. But we haven't run into too much of that. We've been successful in getting through this process. But I think it shows the value of a balanced portfolio. And when that portfolio is no longer balanced, you're going to have additional risks that are placed upon the grid that we really do need to think about. And you brought up a great question that I guess we can talk about all day. But it's clearly a message that I think everyone needs to really focus on the future of the grid and what it actually means to service for our customers.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, no, we're improving the deliverability. We're expanding the ratings of lines. We are putting in additional transformers. We're putting in additional substations. And a substation, I mean, we're building a substation that cost $250 million. So these aren't small investments that are being made, but they're investments to reinforce and increase the capabilities of the grid itself. and then as well with the generation retirements. There's a lot of planning around additional transmission resources to support those retirements as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, you'll see it from a reliability perspective. From an economic perspective, it just takes longer to do. Because, I mean, if we cross multi states then you get involved with with cost allocation and the issues between RTOs, and that could be sort of a limiting factor until all of this gets fully rationalized. But ultimately, with the retirements, with the changes in the way the system is being used, it is clear that transmission investment will be a continued positive, at least through the next decade.
Nicholas K. Akins: Oh, yes. But a lot of it, a lot of the transmission that we're doing is our transmission project. So when you get into the competitive projects, that's where order 1,000 comes into play. And we think we're well-positioned to compete in that environment because we've been doing it for a while. And so, not only do we have our own projects that are providing the top line for that critical mass, but we also have those other projects that we're competitively bidding that now we're seeing success in.
Nicholas K. Akins: And that's a process that we've put in place here that I think is working just extremely well. It not only gets capital to transmission, but it also enables us to move projects from one year to another into the year. And that's really a positive process for us that we put in place. It's worked very well. We continue to look at it. We look at numbers on a pretty regular basis to ensure that we're managing the year in the proper fashion. We'll continue to do that. Because, as you all have pointed out, this '14, '15, '16 years are critical for us, particularly '16, because of the capacity markets. But we're managing to it. And so far, we're doing very well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, typically, we pull down inventories during the winter months. And we've been on the order of 30 to 35 days on average for just about the whole year. I think it was at the top, it was around 40 days. And it's down to 30, 35 days, and we're fine with that. And we'll be very sensitive about how much additional coal procurement we do as a result. We have a pretty flexible system. And some -- well, and all of our contracts are pretty flexible. So we feel pretty good about where we're at now. I don't think -- we don't have any changing conditions or requirements that we're placing on our coal buying efforts because of the weather. We're just performing as we thought we would.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So I think we look at the equalizer chart I like for it to be with the 10 handle on it. And certainly, we'll -- we said long-term. And we're looking around 10.2, 10.3, in that range. And you're seeing in sort of a quarterly perturbation of a lot of activity that's coming into play here. So as long as it just stays in that range, we're in good shape. And Brian, you got anything you want to add.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think, as long as transmission is, at a premium or equal to the state rates, we're in good shape. And I think, clearly, there is an incentive being placed on building transmission. We're happy with that. And if -- really, once again, the FERC needs to send some messages here that from a policy perspective that we want to continue building transmission in this country. And as long as that premium is at or above the state rates, then we're in good shape.
Nicholas K. Akins: Okay, I think it's good -- I think, it continues to be part and parcel to the overall grid expansion that's going on in the resilience of the grid. And there's going to continue to be spin regardless. The question is, do you really want to satisfy that precursor of transmission being build out to respond to the generation retirements and so forth to optimize the grid so that you can do that as a prerequisite and then focus on the rest of the underlying system. That's what key. I think you got to get through this transitional process we're at in this industry. So transmission needs to be incentivized in that regard because that will provide the greatest benefit in terms of resiliency of the grid, but also in terms of the optimization of the resources that are attached to the grid.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think we're $3.5 billion to $4 billion on the environmental spend now over the period. And then, when you look at the other capital that we're spending, it's block and tackle spending that typically is recovered from a regulated standpoint. So we're sort of in a position where we're not having to build a large central station generation, but we are able to focus on Transmission and Distribution investments that are clearly beneficial to customers. And customers actually see, and that's a positive.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think it’s just a matter that your generation typically has to the big ticket items that can be adjusted. And when you look at consumables for a scrubber, the way that all of the parasitic load operates within the plant. Certainly, the way that you contract for the activity is associated with it, particularly in terms of use of contractors versus use of employees, all those types of things are substantial within the generation framework. And there, again, generation sort of functions each plant, functions as its own profit center. And so, doing that, it can focus more readily on the benefits associated with optimization of how they operate. And from a distribution standpoint, it really is a matter of outage scheduling, management with the customers, the processes that are in place that goes back through the organization. So it's probably, at least in our view, when you reach from the customer side of things, you want the distribution side to be very robust in terms of the way that it operates to provide the customer experience that we're asking for. From a generation side, that's all done sort of as a back-office function and it contributes heavily to the benefits from an OEM perspective, but also from a capital perspective. And that's our expectation as we get through this. Nuclear, that process hasn't been through lean activities. They start the lean activities. obviously, we're very careful because Nuclear is different. But it's a heavy capital and OEM spend. And there are opportunities for optimization there as well. So I think we've got the right balance when you look at generation. And then when you look at Transmission and Distribution together, you're -- we're on par.
