Nick Akins: Yes, we continue to look at our transmission business as part and parcel to AEP. I mean we obviously have a lot of scope and scale there, but really we continue to find it on a continual basis, and it's important for us to be in a position to be able to grow that business. And really to go to these other structures, there are complications from a state regulatory standpoint and tax hearing standpoint. So at this point I think we're going to continue pursuing transmission in the vein that we have been.
Nick Akins: Yes, so during the year we continually reallocated capital from other business units as part of the business that we are in. One of the process is the great processes we have in place with the capital allocation program and the continual process for reallocation of capital enables us to move more to the transmission side and advance some of that green area that I keep talking about on the graph of additional transmission span that we have available. If we get ahead in some fashion, you never know what the summer will look like, but we'll certainly look for continued ways to improve and put that capital work in the transmission area.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think you can see the stack that we have for regulatory is relatively small compared to previous years as we continue to invest in the regulated businesses. You're going to continue to see sort of a ten-ish, around 10% type of ROE. So we expect as we continue to make progress, we have invested heavily in transmission, and some of that transmission is also included in the operating companies. And you also have additional distribution spending going on. So we'll continue to make advancements, and cases will become probably much more frequent and less in terms of what the ask is so that we can take advantage of writers and things like that to get more concurrent recovery. So as we progress in that regard, you'll see things like -- and I&M is a perfect example where not only legislative, but from a regulatory stand point we've been able to get pretty substantial capital expense with a timely response in terms of recovery. We have that there transmission. Certainly, we're doing well from Ohio perspective, from a transmission distribution perspective. So those are the kinds of things we'll continue to advance in the other jurisdictions as well.
Nick Akins: Yes, so obviously I mean we don't want to talk too much about that because you don't know where things are going to go in this case, but it's our position that it's really no regret strategy for Ohio, given there really shouldn't be a requirement that we continue to own the asset, because what this is really about is reinforcing the value of those resources that they continue to run in Ohio. Now, obviously it's a good thing to have PPA that support contracts and support generating units, and that would be a positive aspect if this says, "Okay, there is continued consistency in terms of recovery around the cost related to these assets," and that would be a good thing. So we're going to just have those kinds of discussions, but obviously as we pursue it we want to see that we have the ability to do whatever we decide to do from a business standpoint, but make sure that those assets are standing there for our Ohio customers though. We'll just have to see where that goes.
Nick Akins: Obviously, we're going to have to go through the evaluation processes to determine exactly what we do. But our going in position is we're regulated utility. And – and the two things that we're trying to get out of this process was to make sure that we took volatility out of that out of the unregulated business. And we're able to make long-term investments. Now, that's relatively a hard hurdle. But nevertheless we have to go through the process of understanding the capacity market reform, what happens to PPA as to solidify those assets, what happens to energy markets when the other coal units around 5700 Megawatt of coal fire generation gets retired here in May. And then sort of two other things going on and that is these [pieced up] metal auctions that are occurring and if FERC approves the capacity performance model and have these other auctions, those maybe considerable value propositions that we're going to have to know and understand. So I said the first issue was going to drop around the ESP III filing and be up to the commission when they actually render an order on the follow up to that, which is for the larger piece of assets and that's around 2700 megawatts. So it's going to be depended upon the timing and our understanding of the value proposition associated with that business. And I think you said that correct earlier. There are a lot of moving parts here. But they are parts that are starting to come together in 2015.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think one thing is load obviously was increased during that period of time. And then there was an enabling factor here where with load with obviously with the unregulated generation was able to do relative to margins. We were able to take advantage of that, and certainly, offload some of the '15 and '16 impacts. But I'd say the year when you look at the foundational issues that we have from the regulatory recovery to the -- to what the service territory looks like it's doing in terms of load increases and the makeup of that load is probably very -- I mean that would be very good for us from a foundational perspective going forward. I think you all look at 2014 as a very successful year ended that we took advantage of the upside that existed because of frankly the polar vortex and how we performed with our units and also being able to give some of the regulatory actions in place, so I'd say 2014 was -- if you took out -- if you adjusted out the you know what we're made in off-system sales relative to the polar vortex, then we probably would not have taken some of the steps that we took and still would've managed the year in a very positive way.
Nick Akins: That's right I think 2014 turned out to be a major positional year for us because we took advantage of some of the things that occurred during the year and that's really as I said earlier that's the true story of not only 2014 but the last quarter. We took advantage of the upside that occurred during the year but we didn't do it you know just by doing additional things we did it by managing our … managing the future in terms of the earnings power of the Company as well. So you know that's really the story of the year.
Nick Akins: I think that's the last comment you made kind of hits a nail in the head, because our growth was so strong in 2014 we don't think it will be as strong as we go into 2015 and that's why you see the numbers for the estimates reflected on slide 8 that you do.
Nick Akins: Yeah, we -- we thank you it will be flat to slightly positive when you look at the utility segment net or earnings offset at about $3.1 billion in O&M. we anticipate that to be perhaps closer to about $3 billion in 2015. So we do expect some uptick in O&M and that's as a result to some of the things that we talked about, pulling some of those expenses and work associated with those expenses forward in the 2014 through 2015 and 2016.
Nick Akins: Brian alluded to this earlier and that is the shift its occurring if we see the oil and gas impacts relative to Shale gas activity well you still have gasoline and basic energy prices that are reducing that so that would have an effect of improving the residential and commercial side as well, so because this part of the economy obviously the benefit from more disposable income so it would be interesting to see as the year goes on how this develops. We're just out the beginning of you know being in wash and shale gas and that kind of thing. But with gasoline prices lower it may enable people to start purchasing more homes and those types of things that move the economy.
Nick Akins: Yeah., John, we don't like to give obviously a specific number but when you think about what we try and have hedged we try and be in that 60% to 70% hedged range. And I think that would be a fair assumption looking forward as well. He worries about comparative information so…
Nick Akins: I think as it now stands, you're going to have a lot of that information by mid-year. Now, it remains be seen what the commission does strategically that probably utility commission of Ohio relative to the second increment the 2700 megawatts generation if that to occur before May or after May I don't know at this point. And then what FERC does with the supplemental options, if you have supplemental options particularly that add tremendous value proposition form the existing auction period like the '16 and '17 auctions. There could be a supplemental auction associated with that, and then others as well. Then we are going to have to fully understand what that means. I'm sure if there is a transaction -- any transaction party would want to understand that too. So as a general thought process, we're thinking of lot of the information coming to play in '15. We're hopeful that a lot of that comes into play in mid-15. But we'll have to see where that goes.
Nick Akins: No, not yet. There are some big opponents sitting out there that we have to fully understand. Obviously be great to take precedes and re-invest in the business, particularly in transmission. But each one of those options that you mentioned has its pros and cons. We need to make sure we have all these major factual items to make a sound decision. 
Nick Akins: Yes, I do. I think there is. And obviously some of the latest information on market power concerns and those kinds of things will -- it really depends on who the other parties are. So, we'll have to -- that's another issue that we'll have to fully understand. I do believe that is out there.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think obviously capacity prices has the big part of the value proposition for those assets and as far as the energy market is concerned, you'd have to look at the energy market and say, "Okay, what's the margin expectation from that part of the business?" So margins are a little bit depressed in this market, but not too depressed, and really -- like I said earlier, it really depends upon someone else's view what the forward curve looks like. So there will obviously be discussions about long-term forward curve and what it looks like for energy process, but the real definition around this will be provided in the capacity side.
Nick Akins: And then for SWEPCO, it's going to be -- we're not going to define an Arkansas solution here, because we got the formal rate changes in Louisiana, really taking into account the Valley district, it was required there, and then in Texas we do have full recovery for Turk, but also the transmission, T-cost filings and so forth have been positive. So those two jurisdictions are working very well. Arkansas is a work in progress, because we're not only -- we're now investing in Scrubber applications, environmental expense at Welsh and Flint Creek power plants. And that's somewhat of a drag, but we've got to get through in some kind of ability to get through either Turk or some rate case support for Arkansas. So, now, Arkansas' returns other than if you exclude Turk are generally okay, but whether it takes an account the risk associated with Turk is another issue, and we've got to find a mechanism to get more value for that previous Arkansas portion of Turk; the 88 megawatts.
Nick Akins: We'll be able to do that, because that doesn't include Turk. That really is recovery of the environmental expense.
Brian Tierney: And you got to keep in mind too I mean we do the best job we can in terms of anticipating what load forecast looks like but in this economy and with what's going on particularly when you're on the -- where its adjusting considerably as we go along we tend to be a pretty conservative branch. And it's done that way because … because it's sort of a foreseeing function for the rest of the business to compensate for what we could have is … is you know very low load growth depending on what happens to the world economy oil and gas prices. We just have to see some consistency in all this has to be really positive to make further adjustments in the future and that's going to play itself out.
Brian Tierney: The fascinating part about all of that is that we continue to absorb additional increases in O&M you know for labor costs, for certainly for cyber security, physical security all those things that are occurring in addition so it's … its more than just you know keeping that flat. It's really absorbing substantial changes.
Brian Tierney: Yeah, Jonathan this is Brian. In some of the parts particularly T&D utilities where we're seeing a lot of Shale industrial growth is where we've seen a lot of the average usage growth go up. And in places that aren't impacted by that we've actually seen a decline in average customer usage. So if as utilities we look at for industrial the lead commercial and residential growth that's very much been the case in the places where we see the Shale developments. I guess looking forward in terms of energy efficiency I think a lot of the energy efficiency to date in the states where we have energy efficiency initiatives have been focused more on the residential class and we anticipate some of that low-hanging fruit gets taken, some of that would start shifting with the commercial class and we'll start to see some impacts there as well. But that's sort of a … the color I'd give you on where we're seeing the load growth and why.
Brian Tierney: No, I'm not -- there's no change. When we talk about the range we like to be hedging and -- you also need to think about whether its volume or margins. 
Brian Tierney: So I think the margin that you're referencing is higher in terms of volume it would be lower amount.
Brian Tierney: Hi, Paul. It's a combination of both. But 2014 was a good year primarily we're starting to see earnings capability from the tanker barges. You know we also had a good grain season that continues. But at the tanker -- our entry into the tanker barge business has been successful.
Brian Tierney: So, '15 may be split the difference. We like to see it continue like '14 was and as Nick said we're getting higher margins from some of the tanker barges that we have. And we anticipate that we'll continue to grow that part of the business where we get the higher margin.
Brian Tierney: Yes, we're thinking that the transmission side will improve 14 as a result by about $0.07 per share.
Brian Tierney: Yes. Let me give you some quick insight on the I&M. So obviously they have some plans that are going to retire next year. So what we did in 2014 was look forward at what some of the severance and additional retirement obligations were going to be, and because when you could quantify those and have some real clarity into what those would look like we were able to take those charges in 2014 and won't be realizing those in '15. So '14's results were weighted down by our estimating and calculating those results we take them in 2014, and obviously not having similar results in 2015 in I&M will help us to improve those results there.
