Brian Tierney: Yes, so, that’s a great question. And I don’t know if I have a good answer at this point. I’m not sure anybody does. We’re working extensively and have outreach to all of our states, trying to understand exactly what this plan means. And even our generation, we’re just a part of each state that we serve. And that’s what I stress, these are state plans. So, we’re going through the process with them of understanding the generation is out there, the commitments made around the generation. What that means to the overall plan for the state in response. And some of our states obviously have taken a very aggressive in terms of litigation. And it remains to be seen how that whole process will work out. I think this plan is more far reaching than anything that’s ever occurred before. And when you change dispatch order of units within states, when you change resources within states and give guidelines that are fully significant, that really minimizes the other options available, it really makes it challenging for the states. And that’s something that we’re trying to work through the process to fully understand. We’ll get back with EPA on the facts that we see from a state by state perspective and have discussions about it and specific examples of areas that are of concern. And we’ll have to work it out. But I really can’t tell you what the process is at this point. As you know the rule provides for 2017 and then 2018 if the states decide to get together which then would be interesting in itself. And as one participant in part of that overall plan, it’s hard to imagine how these things are all going to come together in that timeframe. And then many of the requirements really hit in 2020. So you really don’t have much time, probably not enough time to get what you need done. So, this thing has a wrong way to play out. I think certainly the comments that the EPA are critical and certainly the EPA needs to be cognizant that these states are dealing with very, very detailed, very complicated issues and also the companies involved. So, Hugh, that’s a long answer – long way of saying we don’t know at this point.
Brian Tierney: Yes, the 2014 obviously is a year where certain milestones have to come into place. I mean, we have several – we’ve already gone through a capacity auction that was improved. We still have some changes that are permeating through PJM with the demand curve and so forth. We’ve got other things we’re doing with it and we believe that in 2015 like I mentioned with 80% that capacity running, it’s going to retire mid-’15. So, the very real impacts of the retirements that generation is going to be reflected through the capacity and energy markets. So that will give us a real view of what that valuation looks like. And also, from a call standpoint, Chuck Zebula is doing everything he can do down to get the cost structure itself down. And with the LEAN activities, the plants are running very differently than what they ran in the past. So, all those things are coming together. And 2014 is a year where we’re going through the process, determining what the milestones are and what the options are available.
Brian Tierney: I think all of the activities that we talked about doing, the LEAN initiatives, the cost shifting and the incremental transmission spend are meant to have us inside that range.
Brian Tierney: There are a number of other factors that will impact where we land in that range. And they are the normal factors that you normally think about. Load growth, our ability to contain cost and wholesale energy pricing. And also keep in mind that what we’ve done so far is what we’ve been able to identify in the prospects of what’s happened so far from LEAN activities and so forth. So, as far as 2016 is concerned, we still have a lot more work to do. I mean, we obviously wouldn’t have put our guidance for ‘16 if we didn’t feel comfortable within that range. Where we’re at within the range is, it will be a measure of how much work we can get done from this year, end of ‘15, end of ‘16. And then obviously in November, we’re going to give a view of what we see happening with additional guidance that we provide then.
Brian Tierney: Stephen, one of the things that we saw last year was lot of the shale gas load that we expected to come on earlier in the year last year did not come on until later in the year. And whether that’s logistics problems, permitting problems or whatever it was, it was stacked up and really didn’t come in until later last year, earlier this year. As we’re looking forward, our shale gas related forecasts are actually increasing from the base that we had. And as we look to the end of the decade, we just had to increase our load forecasts for those regions by 20% given some updates that we’ve had on some of the developments in those areas.
Brian Tierney: Yes, we’re seeing some pretty significant basis differentials around our combined cycle gas plants. Waterford for instance which takes off with Texas Eastern and Zone M2, has frequently been trading at a significant discount to Henry Hub with our Lawrenceburg plant, which is on Texas gas translation zone 4 is frequently trading at $0.25 premium to Henry Hub. So, even in our own service territory, areas that are not that far apart, Indiana to Eastern Ohio, we’re seeing some pretty significant basis differentials. When you’re in the production area and you don’t have the infrastructure to take the gas out of the production area, we’re awash in gas and its depressing prices in places where you don’t have those constraints and you’re pulling from the Gulf, you’re trading at a traditional premium to the Henry Hub. So, it’s impacting local prices pretty significantly at our service area.
Brian Tierney: Well, I think certainly the ESP case is a clear indicator because that may be the first thing that the commission actually deals with. But there could be other filings that we would make as a result as well.
Brian Tierney: With a very short lag that we have on translation spend if we make incremental this year, you’ll start to see that in earnings next year.
Brian Tierney: Greg, we’ve taken some advantage of that. But a significant portfolio of that portfolio is going to be open to spot markets going forward, probably in that 30% to 40% range.
Nick Akins: Yes, it’s occurring all over the place. But primarily in Ohio, Oklahoma and Indiana, and there are RTO mandated projects, there are other projects, reliability projects, customer connect projects. And about – is our call about 75% of the mix was in the Transco’s and 25% was in the regulated operated companies. So, this is all block and tackle, mandate and spending and we have a list of projects and it’s not block. We’re just allocating another $100 million that the transmission say go find something. We have a list of what exactly those projects are by individual project. And I know Brian’s like 20 to 25 separate projects on the page that certainly show the detail.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, it is obviously first of all taking care of that green section of the graph that, the incremental transmission that we had for the year. And then we also advanced some projects from future years into this year. But that doesn’t meant that all those, there is no additional identified projects along the way. There is a lot of other activity going on. The green sections were only defined projects that we knew exactly what they were and where they would be done. And then, of course the work continues on continued rehabilitation of the grid from a transmission perspective and additional projects. So, while it’s advanced from future years, that doesn’t mean that there won’t incremental projects as well.
Nick Akins: It’s going to impact all of them Michael. It’s about $60 million and it’s going to impact the vertical integrated utilities and APGR in terms of planned outages. And it’s going to impact all of them in terms of – it’s going to impact vertically integrated utilities and transmission distribution utilities in terms of some transmission forestry spend that we’re going to do. And then there are other customer related projects that will be in all other segments that we deal with where we’ll be trying to pull those costs forward.
Nick Akins: Yes, it’s really. We’re trying to take those ’16 cost out because we have that challenge associated with the capacity revenue fall-off in 2016. So, we’re trying to take cost out of ’16 and pull them into ’14 and then not have those costs be recurring again in 2016. So, if it’s plant outages, if we can get ahead on transmission tree trimming that we then get the benefits of that for our customers in 2014, but will have better resulting spend happening in 2016 to help us fill that gap.
Nick Akins: Well, the way we look at it, the way we originally told you I guess last year or a year before. We’re looking for certain things. And certainly the hedging of that generation is critical. Certainly from maybe retail and the wholesale side, we continue to work on the PPA issue in Ohio focused on trying to bring some sensibility around the risk that customers are taking on in Ohio. And certainly the market areas that we’ve been working on with PJM and others to enhance capacity and then with the energy markets themselves and improving on average. Those are all things that help us determine what the future of that business look like. And obviously we’re not just stopping there we’re looking at all the cost structures around that business. And really treating it like any other investor would treat it. So, it’s really important for us to reach those milestones to fully understand what the valuation of that business looks like in the future. And then, the one thing we have is time to focus on those activities and make a decision. All along the way, we’re keeping our board up-to-date on what market conditions look like, what the areas look like in terms of the options available to us. And that’s all I’m saying, at that point is we will decide what to do with that business when we feel like the time is right to make sure we maximize shareholder value.
Nick Akins: I’d say, we’re just as encouraged because you look at residential for example, quarter by quarter I mean, it was pretty high change in first quarter and then it shows a slight decrease in second quarter. A lot of times, residential sort of gets skewed from quarter to quarter based on whether it be holidays, whether it be areas where we’re having to residential parties maybe dealing with their loads in different fashions and different parts of the year because you could have like last year there was that federal furlough that was done that people stayed home, residential went up. So this year, it sort of shows it goes down during this time last year. So, if things like that that will make the residential sort of come in and out each quarter. I tend to look more at the averages of residential load. You don’t see that so much with commercial and industrial loads. And with commercial, showing a consistently positive and then in particular the industrial continues to expand, expands more every quarter. That’s a good thing because we’ve always said industrial leads commercial, commercial leads residential. So I think it’s a good indicator for the future.
Nick Akins: I think certainly its part of the decision process. But I think the real reason why we’re doing the PPA arrangement. Number one, is bring some stability to the generation in Ohio, the second reason obviously is our customers, all right, we’re asking terms of the volatility of the market. So, it’s important for us to get some measure of that in place. It’s just like you buy fuel or anything else or stock, you’re in for the long-term, you’re in for the short term. Long-term capacity and energy needs to be there in Ohio. For the first time, Ohio is short and Ohio is going to be a purchaser on the market if it’s not careful in reinforcing the value of this generation. So, yes, it’s a big part of the decision process for us, because you make very different decisions about generation, unless you have long-term purchase power arrangements whether they’re formula-based rate or within the retail side that we’re talking about. So, there is an opportunity there. And I think there is legitimate concern on the part of many including the industrials. And they should be concerned. And that’s something I think that we’re focused on answering that question during this year.
Nick Akins: I think in some cases it’s above our expectations because and I know I heard the other day our President in AEP Texas said that we have in the last year put in like 20, 25 – about 25 substations in that territory, which means we’re connecting a lot of load. And we’re doing in terms of transmission, the substation in a box we call it but the skid stations, so that we can connect these customers more quickly, we’re expanding that effort because we definitely want to keep up with the expansion that’s occurring. So, I’d say it’s ahead of expectations in the areas and it’s probably at expectations than others.
Nick Akins: Little caution on that, when you look at the volatility of processing, it’s a matter of perspective how much of the processes are coming off. It’s still hard in our coal prices and when you look at the retirements that are about to occur next year, you really wonder what it’s going to do to natural gas prices going forward. And even it depends on even more with the Clean Power Plant, it’s – it will be amazing to see what the affect could be because I think the price is moving around in a relatively thin volume level. So you see storage creeping up a little bit, well, it wouldn’t take a hot summer, we’d lose storage if there is a hot September. But when you retire generation, particularly that’s running as much as that generation is running, it’s going to move the natural gas and I would probably expect energy processes move up as a result.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, I guess first of all the patent M&A 101 answer, we look at a lot of things. But certainly when you make a decision like that it continues to be more of a strategic move. And with the amount of transmission spend that we have available to us with like I said with no premium. And I fully expect the Texas process to be pretty robust. It remains to be seen how that process is actually going to work out. And in fact, who all is involved with it. But our course of action is what we know today. And that’s focused on the transmission investment that we have indigenous that we can continue to improve earnings per share for our shareholders. And anything else beyond that would have to be something that achieves a strategic hurdle that overcomes the transmission spend, and that’s a hard thing to do these days.
Nick Akins: I think there is legitimate concern. What happens, I think probably the – you already have a test case out there with the ESP filing that we made last December that has a PPA for the OVEC generation. The staff recommended against it but they said well, commission, if you decide to do this, this is how to do it. So, basically they plan into the commission. And it will be a matter of the public policy in Ohio what the result winds up being. But that would be a clear indicator and you probably would see more of that as we go forward. Because there is a huge amount of generation out there that is at risk. And from an Ohio perspective, it needs to be locked in, in some fashion. Now that might not be all of it but certainly just as you do with any other portfolio, there needs to be a long-term approach. And for Ohio, it depends upon PJM market conditions to preserve some sense of lack of volatility for customers. That would be a huge error. So, we continue to have discussions and there are obviously others like industrials you’re concerned about it, from an economic development perspective in Ohio. There is concern about from that perspective. And we’ll continue to save the tree on that. And I think that’s important for us to progress. So I’d see that playing out this year.
Nick Akins: Yes, so you should, you should it’s inclusive in that. And you should see that rolling through when the projects are completed.
Nick Akins: I think all those options are still open because we have to credibly look at this business, do everything we can to fortify the value of it. And the make decisions about what the optionality is concerning that set of businesses. And I think I mean, we’re looking at that in terms of maximizing shareholder value and you have to look at all the options when you do that.
Nick Akins: Well, I certainly would be hesitant to talk about the timing of that. I doubt that we’ll be saying anything about the disposition of our decisions on those particular assets at that point in time. November would really be a time where we focus on the guidance for the forward looking years. So, you’ll see a new version of that. But in terms of – in terms of the end regulated generation, we’ll have to see how the processes are moved through in Ohio and other areas.
Nick Akins: Yes, so when in our budget for this year, we were assuming negative 1.1% including format and excluding format positive one tenths of a percent. Obviously as we’ve come in hotter for the first half of the year, weather normalized we would be off those numbers today. And we generally don’t reforecast what the individual components going into the guidance once we get into the year. We had been forecasting negative five tenths of a percent to positive five tenths of a percent in our guidance. And we will be revisiting that as we work our way towards putting together more formalized guidance at EEI.
Nick Akins: Yes, they’re continually hedging in the market. And really those hedges have continued to be of benefit to us.
