Nick Akins: As you can see, there's a great degree of enthusiasm about where this company is going in the future. I know some say that AEP really should be a boring regulated utility, but it's anything but that. It's actually, I think for me, personally, it's the most exciting time that I've ever experienced in my career working for a company that's really focused on the future. It doesn't have the baggage that we used to have, and is really clear to focus and make those decisions that are going to be important for our customers in the future. So as I, let me go one more slide here. We've gotten pretty good at doing these before and after slides to get our point across. But if you look at 2014, 79% of our earnings were from the regulated side. Afterwards, today, 97% of our earnings will be from the regulated operations. So clearly, clearly, a substantial change has occurred. And you heard Bob mention, this is really the exciting part. To me, I get carried away. I know Bette Jo doesn't want me to talk about technology a lot, but that will be for the next Investor Analyst Day. But clearly, we're in a position now where we have a firm foundation to be able to grow and make decisions about how we want to address the customer experience in the future. And that's done through infrastructure development, blocking and tackling associated with these projects. When you tell Lisa Barton, "Hey, guess what? You have another $1.6 billion you need to spend over 3 years." And she said, "Yes, we can do that." And that shows the incredible agility of what we have relative to our projects, the project flow, the project management, all those types of activities to support the investment that's being made. I'm very proud of our entire executive team and the team at AEP that really is focused on not only advancing the strategic aspects of what we're trying to achieve in the future, but also dealing with those areas of cost containment, optimization, continuous improvement mechanisms. All those types of things are occurring and that's what helps us reach the earnings targets when you see O&M expenses consistent for years. So it really is a tremendous time, where everyone's on deck to make sure that we are focused on the future. So when I look at again, I will resurrect the slide I used earlier. As we move closer to the presidential election time, I am going to make my pitch about AEP, and I will sort of be like a candidate with a parting message. But if you look at the premier regulated energy company, AEP, it's a vote for higher growth, a vote for higher dividends, a vote for more regulated, a vote for more certainty. And I can't imagine anything that's better for the shareholders of the future, and that's American Electric Power. So thank you very much, and we'll take questions now. Brian, do you want to come up to the other podium.
Nick Akins: Yes. So we’ll make sure Chuck gets a microphone here as well, if there’s a microphone. We’ll get back to all the questions. Don’t worry about it. But part of that is the energy supply business, the retail business, and I have been a proponent of maintaining that retail business because, and Chuck talked about this a little bit, it’s a relationship, it’s a channel growth opportunity. As you long as you stay disciplined around the execution and can find the risk of that business, it can be a very good business. Now we’re not a huge retail energy provider in this country. I mean, obviously, we don’t intend to be that. We are – we have about 500,000 customers in that part of the business spread out in various states. And it gives us eyes and ears in terms of what customers truly want in those various areas, and it gives us an opportunity to expand in other areas as well. So Brian, I don’t know if you have additional comments? We’ll get to Chuck as well.
Nick Akins: And keep in mind, too, a lot of things that Chuck is doing in his part of the business around the relationships with customers, whether it's micro grids, whether it's solar, wind, battery technologies. We're also working to advance the regulatory structural mechanisms in place to support or regulate utilities to make those same type of investments, because that's important to provide universal access to everyone as opposed to individual customers with those tailored needs.
Nick Akins: Let me just to add that, though. We talked a lot about the threshold level that's acceptable to us. And that when Chuck was talking about being selective in the process, we're managing the discipline around that from a financial perspective.
Nick Akins: And keep in mind, too, just the overall investment thesis is, all of our investments are smaller, whether generation smaller capacity segments or smaller in terms of transmission investments, things that we can turn on and off in a very fluid fashion as opposed to being half built on a $1 billion scrubber or in the middle of a large central station facility. We're not doing that. We're going to be focused on investments that we can make to have the agility that's required to provide that consistent earnings profile. That's what we're doing across the board.
Nick Akins: Our goal is to keep it at that level for the foreseeable future. And there's been a transition on that as well, Jonathan. Some of that, as you know, as we've sold some of the generation or shut down some of the generation, the generation has gone down. And some of the things that we've been spending on emerging costs, like IT and security, have actually increased over time. But our goal is through continuous improvement initiatives and procurement initiatives to stay at that $3 billion level for the foreseeable future.
Nick Akins: Yes. We definitely want to be able to neutralize the financial impact of those units. In the restructuring discussion, I really believe that we have, hugely, a much better chance of going through restructuring with a forward view of what we can do for Ohio. When you look at those assets, and particularly when you're thinking about in the excess cost of market recovery that's being transferred back to the wires company, that really -- while it potentially could be done as a challenge, and it encumbers the ability to really get that forward view of the investment potential that's available in Ohio for us. So I tend to look at it more from a forward perspective than looking back. That may have impacts on others, obviously. But from an AEP perspective, after all, you get -- you can only beat your head against the wall so many times. And it really is a difficult message to say, we want excess cost over market. And that becomes the headline as opposed to a true forward-looking view of enhancing the earnings capability of the company going forward. If we're able to move forward and have Ohio in a position where the utilities can invest in new generation, then that's also an earnings positive for us that's not in the plan, and that's something that we're really focused on.
Nick Akins: Keep in mind, your premise was around plan B. Chuck gives the plan B. Plan A is to focus on our transmission and regulated investment. And when we look at what Chuck is doing, Chuck is some form of high grading, but certainly that is occurring because we have that optionality. But it’s not – is not the way we’re trying to grow his business at an inordinate standpoint when we have the forecast out there. We want to forecast that Chuck is completely comfortable with as opposed to something, again, that's aspirational that may or may not occur or could occur with low returns. So we have that ability and I think that's the huge part of the message here today. As Chuck said, if you can't do it at the threshold level that we set on the return expectations, we're also constantly looking at our own business, including transmission, including the regulated operations, to see what we can make those investments in. And with the growing areas of security, resiliency of the grid, technology deployment around the customer experience, those are also growth areas that will be occurring on that side. So this is not set in stone. This is what we know today. And as we look at the future, that process will continue and we'll continue to look for even further growth. We're not stopping there.
Nick Akins: Absolutely, we're always looking at opportunities. But, and you know the story, we have to be positioned to do that. I think we are positioned to do that. But there again, the things we talk about today, the indigenous growth potentials that we have within our service territory, the ability to invest, it's a higher threshold for us. So it's going to have to be something that's truly strategic, truly something that's additive to the issues that we've brought up today. And we'll continue to looking at that. But I think we are in a much better position to do that kind of thing strategically. But our focus is making sure that we are wise in the capital deployment that we have, that we're efficient for investors and as long as we will only be paying premiums, if it's of true strategic value going forward. Right now, we're making a lot of investments with no premiums.
Nick Akins: Absolutely. And actually, on that graph, we even talked about how it will end. I mean because, you show the cone going out and you cut it off for the year. The logical question is what happens after that? And we purposely said, no it continues on. We're in a great position in that.
Nick Akins: Yes. Certainly, Steve, I wouldn't want to undervalue the importance of issues like the smart city challenge, that was one. We already had proposals before the Ohio Commission focused on smart city type of applications. And it's important to not only the entire area of Central Ohio, but important to many leaders, including the commission, to focus on the ability for us to invest in those smart technologies of the future. And so we see that as an important framework for the expansion in other areas of our service territory. That's the, and with those particular riders that are applied for, we expect the commission to be very supportive of those applications because that is AEP's avenue for growth in Ohio, that along with the restructuring. And I think we've probably registered the importance of AEP's position in Ohio is driven by our ability to invest in new technologies, new generation, but also focus on the strategic aspects of smart cities and those types of applications, whether it's micro grid technologies, energy storage, those kinds of devices that can be deployed to support transportation or other types of activity. So that is a central part of the theme going forward for Ohio.
Nick Akins: There’s a clarity of message here because it started out with a focus of reregulation, which meant customers didn’t have a choice. All of the generation would be slammed back into the wires company, those kinds of connotations. We really refocused it on restructuring, which our customers would continue to have some level of choice. We would potentially transfer assets back into the wires company, but that remains to be seen. We don’t want to encumber the forward view and the ability to invest in resources of the future in Ohio and for the headline to be trying to put coal plants back into AEP Ohio rate base. And so it is a tradeoff that's occurring there. We're obviously going to continue to try to find a home for those assets, but it'll be strategically reviewed just like the other assets. But we don't want to be, we want to be very clear and consistent in the message to legislators and so forth about the future of AEP in Ohio is driven by the outcome of restructuring and the commission's view of where we're trying to get to in terms of movement toward resource of the future and the technology deployment associated with these riders in clean city and all that kind of stuff. So we want to make sure that the message remains very clear on that.
Nick Akins: Yes. So I think if it gets you there is, yes, it's included in the plan in its present form. But if this really takes off like it should, then there's additional opportunities available there as well.
Nick Akins: Bob, you can address the smart meter question. We're going to do that first and then we'll do it soon.
Nick Akins: In terms of the as far as the capital deployment in each area, we're very confident of the capital that's being managed in that plan. Those plans exist, and certainly, we want to make absolutely sure and we wanted to make sure that when we gave the new cone of 5% to 7%, that it wasn't aspirational, that it was focused on existing projects and existing confirmation of what we felt like we can achieve. And I think Chuck gave you a little bit of insight, too, in his messaging of we could have done more. But we wanted to stay conservative in our approach about the expansion of that part of the business. And of course, when you tell Lisa you got another $1.6 billion you need to spend, you have to get the engine going to address that. The fact that she could is a great testament. But as time goes on, certainly, the ability to take on even more projects may became prevalent. Lisa, you may want to respond to that.
Nick Akins: So when we step out of this room and its ongoing now, but it's focused on execution around the plan we put together for you today, but also it's about expanding the additional earnings capability of the company going forward through not only Chuck's business, but channel growth associated with our customers. And that really goes to a lot of the smart meter applications, but also all those activities around optimization of the grid and so forth. So there's some great investment potential out there strategically, but we'll have to execute in the meantime and that's why that plan exists.
Nick Akins: Yes, certainly. Lisa, you can address the transmission piece. But I think one of the challenges that and I ask the same question of Lisa quite frequently and a lot of it is just plain and simple of getting the outages to be able to put this equipment in place. And you had a massive reinvestment that's occurring in our part of the grid. So it's really focused on optimizing those outages to ensure that we are able to expand and grow and invest. But at the same time, you have the very real issues of resources deployed, project management to be able to deploy that many projects. But Lisa, you may want to expand on that.
Nick Akins: Okay, great question. So the way we look at it is this, and I repeatedly said over the years, it has been a process of ours to become more regulated to see the multiple expansion, to improve our currency value, to give us optionally around M&A type of activity. But I'll say I mean and Chuck said this when he looked when he's talking about the investment from a renewables perspective being very selective. We've defined a threshold level, and that threshold level is centered on our ability to indigenously invest in our own company. And you look at the amount to depreciations occurring versus the amount of investment, we're buying a company every year, but we're doing it without a premium. And that's the way that we look at it. So unless there is some – and you never want to say no, because unless there’s some strategic opportunity that really is beneficial to what we’re trying to achieve for the future, it’s going to have to measure against our threshold level, which is very high. Now I’m not going to comment on other companies and where they’re at. They're investing because they need to invest to grow and they’re investing in different things. We don’t have to do that. That’s why I keep saying AEP is unique from that perspective, because we do have the indigenous growth. We have the ability to invest in transmissions, by the way, that’s more than our customers within our indigenous territory that pay for the transmission. So that’s a real opportunity for us to continue to invest from that perspective. So I’m just saying that you never say never, but there’s a very high threshold. In that high threshold, we thoroughly understand the point that you’re making.
Nick Akins: Well, I think, generally, from the wires perspective, we have a very, very positive relationship with the commission that’s focused on addressing what everyone believes, including our customers, of what the advancement of the system should be. Our transmission business is very robust in Ohio as well. So I don’t see any reason for that to let up because, again, we’re spending on the right things in Ohio from wires a perspective. We’re spending on augmented by transmission from the Transco perspective in Ohio. So I feel good about that part of the business from an Ohio perspective. What needs work is and to further enhance that earnings capability is to be able to invest in generation in Ohio, and of course, the new applications, the smart city type of applications. But I think the commission's on board with that. I fully expect a positive result on that. But I really, they see the future we see in terms of investment in the grid, investment in the quality of customer service. Those are areas where you just can't go wrong. From a resource perspective, there's no question that customers are expecting a cleaner energy future, and right now, there's no way to invest in renewables in Ohio. And that has to be fixed. And along with that, everyone wants to see expansion from a natural gas perspective and the infrastructure and the economic development, the jobs, taxes, and that's not going to happen. It'll happen in the tempered sense. I mean, obviously, there are investors that will come in on a spec and build some, but not near about what should be getting built in Ohio to provide that energy future. So I just see upside from an Ohio perspective at this point.
Nick Akins: So everybody likes to pick on Kentucky. I call it the little engine that could, because it's our first plant transfer that occurred there from Ohio. It has the first cyber-related rider. But that being said, now that we're fully regulated, there's probably a lot more optionally around decisions to optimize any portfolio. I'm not saying we're selling. I'm not saying we're buying. What I'm saying is, is that we position ourselves where we can be much more comfortable and objective about the decisions being made. We're fully regulated. We intend on staying fully regulated. What that means in terms of buys or sales says that we're going to be fully regulated. And so we now look at the individual jurisdictions through the equalizer chart. We know exactly where each state stands, each jurisdiction. We know the investment potential associated with that jurisdiction. Some may lag for some period of time because of the investment that's occurring. But as long as the average works out where we're, that utility rate of return of 10% or so forth, I think that's what we're after. The fact of the matter is, though, that we can more objectively look at that. So if there's a jurisdiction that's an underachiever for a long period of time and we can't see a view towards it getting better, then it more easily falls in the category of making those kinds of decisions than it did before because we had unregulated sitting out there. And if we sold any regulated, we'd become more unregulated and that's not the direction that we were going. So today, I'm just saying we can be very objective with a high threshold of what those changes can be. It's really a great position to be in from my opinion. Any other question? Okay, well, thank you very much for attending today.
Robert Powers: We're in talks with people who might be interested in buying those. And obviously, co-owners might be ways that we could settle that fairly easily. But there are others who are interested in those as well.
Robert Powers: That's competitive information, I'd hate to be able to throw that out there in the space and offer my competitors the ability to know where AEP's doing business. There's very active projects we're participating in right now. Would not be a wise thing to do to.
Robert Powers: In regarding Ohio, I'm reasonably optimistic that some of the issues, Steve, that you highlighted will get resolved in the near term, which would represent investment opportunity and enhanced DIR. Again, I think the smart city decision in Columbus has got the attention of the Public Utility Commission of Ohio from a positive standpoint. As far as rate cases you should watch, we're watching the pending decision by the Oklahoma Commission in PSO. Obviously, we put $75 million of rates at risk on that decision. If for whatever reason that doesn't mean our expectation, we'll be looking to refile in Oklahoma shortly after.
Robert Powers: Well, as Nick handicap things and I would agree since our team is kind of reporting out to Nick, I don’t think a total restructuring is, if you were to handicap that, you’d have to get some pretty long odds to take that bet. As far as stranded cost recovery, maybe not as much of a galvanizing issue as total restructuring, but still difficult. I think you got to look at it more from a going-forward standpoint. It is clear at least to the commission there’s been some very positive support for renewables. So you are aware that the state currently has its renewables standards on hold, legislatively, there’s a lot to talk about what should be done there. But part of that smart city commitment on the part of AEP or proposal was the fact that 900 megawatts of renewable that was in the stipulation associated with the PPA, we did not pull down. So there’s every opportunity for the commission to endorse both from a supportive restructuring standpoint that renewable. And that was split between solar and wind, about 500 and 400, if I remember. I mean, the other thing that’s out there is clearly Marcellus and Utica Shale gas. I mean, there is clear a desire from a standpoint of growing the state’s economy to build out the infrastructure associated with – in supporting infrastructure like a combined cycle gas plant. So we’d like to think that from of structuring standpoint that Ohio could work to make a development-related opportunity for Utica part of that whole restructuring process. That’s the way I’d kind of handicap it.
Robert Powers: That application has been in for a long time, and again, I offered by optimism that there's been constructive dialogue with staff on a number of issues including that grid smart, smart meter deployment along with self-healing circuits and Volt-VAR optimization. So we're very optimistic that we'll see some of it from the commission soon. Can we spend in '16? Can we spend in '16? I'd like to have an order first.
Lisa Barton: Thanks. So the 205 filing, we have one, we have not filed it yet. We anticipate doing so in the next 30 days. The guidance that you see basically is reflective of the ROE before the 206 complaint, as well as not having the 205. The two in ‘17 will likely cancel out each other. When you look at – for example, we have O&M expenses, property taxes, and the impact of bifurcated plant in service, if you look at over the past three years that’s been about 119 basis point delta.
Lisa Barton: The question is, would it be a one-year pop; and yes, it would be a one-year pop. And what we have seen in the past is on an average, has been about 119 basis points.
Lisa Barton: It is, basically, it's bonus depreciation is the most significant contributor in 2015. We did not assume extension of bonus depreciation. Also, this past year, our network system peak will change from summer to winter peaking. And that results in a lag that would be remedied with the 205 filing.
Lisa Barton: Sure. Both great questions. With respect to Order 1000, we won two of the two competitive projects in PJM. I think that the RTOs are still struggling with the process. I don't think the RTOs like the process of moving forward with Order 1000. That being said, I think it's very difficult for folks to argue against there being some level of competition in that space and that is what FERC has continued to say. So we continue to be well positioned in that space. So we look within our borders as well as outside our borders. And we firmly believe that your best defense is a strong offense. And so by virtue of actually participating on these, we've actually identified a lot of projects that benefit our customers that we'd move forward on, whether it be investments of our operating companies or our Transcos. So even though it shows really a couple of smaller projects in that space, it's allowed us a strong defense as well. With respect to O&M, yes, we are reducing some of that O&M, but you have to kind of take a look at the overall system. We still have 37,000 miles of line and over 3,000 substations that are older. So it will take quite some time before you'll see significant savings on the O&M side of that piece. As you mentioned, with respect to the 205 filing, that 205 filing that we make is going to allow us to fix to -- fix our formula rates that is completely forward-looking. As you know, in the past, we've had one that's a bit of a hybrid. We have been reticent to move forward on that 205 because as soon as you move forward on the 205, you're triggering an ROE review. And so this actually provides us that opportunity to address that on a going-forward basis. And it will allow us to also remedy the network system, peak load adjustment that would have been a one year hit for us into '17 as well. The nice thing about the 205 is it positions us also in those outer years to actually achieve our authorized ROE, whatever that might be. What we have had in the past is you’ve always seen on the slide that has the – what our ROE has been, like the 12.2%, that is always reflective of the true-up. And so that true-up would go away and it would also – it would be forecasted.
Lisa Barton: So what you're seeing with respect to '17 because I think that's really where the big difference is, that's where you're seeing some of the impact of bonus depreciation. You're seeing that actually in all years, but the network system, peak load delta as well as O&M is hitting in '17 and that's resolved in '18.
Lisa Barton: So it's known that there'll probably be a bit of cash out there for a little bit of time. So from a transition standpoint, we've been preparing for that. We're basically scoping about $3.5 billion worth of projects, and that's really to make sure that projects are ready to go on a going forward basis. So across the system, that's what we're doing. We're also being very aggressive with our RTOs and talking about needed projects that are there. Those numbers are not in the forecast that you see.
Lisa Barton: Sure. Thanks, Nick. We're very comfortable wit the $3 billion and that's why it's $3 billion out there as opposed to a different number. With respect to how we're positioning ourselves, I mentioned that we're targeting to have more projects scoped than the $3 billion. That's gives us a little bit of a cushion. We always have to be concerned, as Nick mentioned, with respect to outages and so forth. And that's why having more projects in the pipeline helps us adjust and be flexible with respect to those outages. We have been very aggressive in terms of making sure that we have locked in engineering resources. Over the next several years, we have a relationship with a number of Tier 1 engineering companies as well as engineering and construction companies to make this happen. Because we're the largest developer of transmission in the company -- in the country, excuse me, we have those relationships with labor. We have those relationships with our suppliers, which helps us set forward that plan of execution.
Lisa Barton: Yes, just on the East. And in terms of the West, I mean, it's the same question, I guess, that's out there tomorrow, which was there yesterday.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So just to add to that right, the contribution or lack of contribution, if you will from the PPA plants right would be also represented in that 3% area. So again, it’s the retail business, the wholesale business, and the contracted renewables. All of those businesses are fully hedged, either backline asset or some other hedging mechanism right through our risk management procedures. And in terms of – as we look at investing in contracted renewables, if you kind of stack up the IRR kind of possibilities in orders of preference financially, we’d prefer a win, it also comes with more risk, right? Secondly, we prefer the OnSite Partner opportunities because those smaller projects often have an ability to get a higher IRR. And then lastly, the universal solar is providing kind of the least opportunity in terms of IRR and equity as we stack up what we want to do in pursuing that business.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So $0.09 from the generating, and I apologize. That's until we sell it, then we don't have that. And then it's about $0.09, $0.10 for what's left.
Brian Tierney: Yes, Michael, the only thing I'd add to that is we're not in a position of having to add large central station generation right now. Remember, given what happened with Ohio deregulation, there were states that wanted access to Amos and Mitchell that they've had for many years. And we were able to transfer those assets at book value and cover up a lot of those company central station needs for a long period of time. In addition, in the West, we also have Turk that was recently added to the portfolio there. And so there hasn't been large central station needs in the Western part of our system as well.
Brian Tierney: I mean, so we've had third parties who were interested in examining those assets, and we've had a team that's been focused on selling a different set of assets. And as that comes to a close, we're going to explore conversations with those folks.
Brian Tierney: The $0.09 is everything else that's in Chuck's business, but we don't anticipate much contribution from the -- what we used to call the PPA assets.
Brian Tierney: I think that's what Lisa was trying to lay out and showing age of system, the type of projects that she's investing in. We see a run way going out 10 years in that business for ample opportunity to invest, whether it's aging infrastructure, local reliability, regional reliability. One of the things that we haven't seen yet and we should have opportunity to invest upwards of $1 billion associated with retirements that happened in 2015, there is likely another set of retirements that are coming about associated with the affluent standards of what we, in effect in the early 2020s. So that's not even in our numbers yet on top of what we have just on our own system.
Brian Tierney: I just, I don't see it in our plan right now. That's not to say that we wouldn't do that for the right opportunity. But we haven't had to do that since 2009, and I don't see it in our plan currently.
Brian Tierney: So let me start with the rate changes. Over the forecast period, we're anticipating average rate increases in the 3% range.
Brian Tierney: Very good. There's a couple of things going on there that add to that lag as well. One is the fact that we have $0.09 in for a business that we're going to sell in 2017, and that, of course, goes away. And so we need to make up that piece as well. And I think taking that out, you can do the algebra and you'll get very close to the 7.7%. You'll also see that the remaining piece, the $0.09 that we had talked about that Chuck described doesn't grow as fast as the 7.7% as well. So those 2 factors, combined with the lag, will get you to the reconciliation between the 5% to 7% growth rate and the CAGR of 7.7%.
Brian Tierney: In terms of the balance sheet, yes, our planned spend was to consume some of that capacity that we have. Also, what you saw the board do with the increase in the dividend in the middle part of the payout range starts to consume some of the capital that we have. And we had anticipated becoming a cash taxpayer in 2018, which we haven't been for some time now. If the sale of the assets go through, we'll be very fortunate to have the opportunity to pay some cash taxes in 2017.
Brian Tierney: Unless my colleagues are aware of the response to the tax question, we'll have to get back to you on that.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So we’re going to be a modest taxpayer in 2017 if we end up closing the transaction that’s been announced. And then we will slowly become an increasing taxpayer over the next several years it’s a significant number approaching $1 billion of cash taxes on an annual basis. The assumptions that you would expect for bonus depreciation, given the CapEx that we have, are – as bonus depreciation decreases, we factor that into our capital plans.
Charles Zebula: I also see the retail business as a hedge from a structural part of the industry going forward because you know, I mean you’re seeing in Nevada and other states the potential for some form of restructuring. If that were to occur, we want to make absolutely sure we have the foundation ready to advance from that perspective. And we've done a nice job of it so far.
Charles Zebula: We're going to do that as well. And that was the $400 million that we talked about for the use of proceeds. That was in vertically integrated utilities.
Charles Zebula: So you should think of it – next year, in the $0.09, we have a favorable hedge position by which is contributing, right to the benefit of that $0.09, right? As that rolls off, if we sell the generation, that number is going to come down and it’s going to be replaced, right, by the growing renewable business. So you should consider that $0.09 to be somewhat slow-growing through the period, not at the 5% to 7%.
Charles Zebula: Yes, I think I’d be a lot more concerned if we just laid out a $3 billion or $4 billion plan over the next 3 years. Because in reality, I think with the $1 billion plan, we can high grade that opportunity and choose the projects that we want to participate in. If I was to win everything that I’ve have got a bid out on, I’d be well over $1 billion right now. And I already 25% of it in letter of intent phase that I – that basically we’re going through the due diligence to make sure everything is set on that. So the reality is I’m very comfortable at $1 billion because it allows me to choose what I want to do. If things fall through the bottom, we’ll return the capital to the company, right and the company will deploy that in a different fashion that provides the return right that you were seeking as a shareholder.
Charles Zebula: Yes. There could be a few exceptions AEP owns some property that has renewable development potential. So that would be the exception. But the rule is more stepping in, right, behind the developers, already incurred those expenses and purchasing the projects. You could strand up a lot of cost, right through developing projects. And so therefore, we’re playing a much lesser role in the true development phase. We are more development in the OnSite partner part though, because you’re specifically working with a customer.
