Mark Parker: Great, thanks for the question, Bob. Firstly, your first question, which was around the drivers of growth in China categorically. The short answer is over the course of fiscal year ‘19. All categories real growth in China with the exception of global football, and that relates to the comp versus last year's World Cup. The primary drivers of growth of the biggest drivers of growth. We're making sportswear, basketball, Jordan, running group training, but in general, extremely broad based across men's and women's and while led by digital, also broad based across the marketplace. And then to your question about seeing impact from the U.S. China dynamics of late we have not seen any impact on our business to-date. And we continue to see strong momentum as we enter fiscal year ‘20.  The consumer sentiment around NIKE in China has been actually quite strong. We've made a lot of effort through the years to connect with the marketplace to take insights to use to drive innovation and messaging that is really, as we said, urban for China. So we're seeing that continue. And it's showing up in the results. I'm really proud of the team in China, we have and the complete offense kind of results that we're seeing coming out of China.
Mark Parker: Good one. Okay. You obviously figured out March [ph] in my hometown? Yeah. Right. You got the coast covered? Well, okay. We got the spectrum covered -- the color spectrum. So we're ready for anything, certainly blue and orange, and purple and gold. But, yeah. No other insights other than I think we got the bases covered. Yeah. Thanks Bob. 
Mark Parker: And we see China continuing to be a critical part of our source space. For China, but also other parts of the world that will continue. Thank you, Lauren. 
Mark Parker: A couple of other areas I call out quickly. There's the performance has actually been very strong. But I think there's more opportunity for us going forward. I mentioned women's and how we have double-digit growth for the year and it's been accelerating through the fourth quarter. But we're actually very bullish on the opportunity in women's going forward as we move into fiscal '20.  And then also called out core product under $100 price point products within footwear. And we have a whole refresh coming in the sort of core zone, not only with existing technologies being leveraged in that space, but unique design work that is going to refresh about 75% of that the styles in that product zone for NIKE. So that's going to create some more opportunity for us.
Mark Parker: Let me just touch on the RFID question first Omar. As I mentioned you were launching RFID across essentially we're in apparel beginning in the fall '19 season and that’s going to enable all the footwear, the majority I should say of non-licensed apparel, through RFID and there QR technology. So that’s a big upside for us in terms of our capability to dramatically improve our inventory visibility and accuracy. I think across the marketplace and throughout the supply chain. And ultimately that's going to allow us to serve consumers with the product that they want, when they want it.  So the consumer up upside on this is actually quite powerful. And then we're going to rollout through fiscal '20 and scale the capabilities that we have within RFID globally across our own doors and over time I think we see RFID is a key capability throughout owned and partner retail supply chains. So I think this will help us create the capability to grow profitably across the breadth of the portfolio and ultimately, again it's putting ourselves in position to serve consumers in a way that gets them the product that they need when they want it and where they want it. 
Mark Parker: I have to add that the core answer to your question about sustaining the heat in sneakers is going to be the product itself. So the strength of the product, how we refresh it, making sure supply demand is in the right ratio and now the whole experience on sneakers is going to continually evolve I think to make it a very compelling kind of have to check back in day to day comp experience.
Mark Parker: Well, we see the first of all, the intersection of physical and digital is going to continue to be more and more intimate relationship. I think we're looking at a lot of experimentation, trial and error learning from some of the tests that we're doing. Ultimately, it's about making the experience physically or digitally more richer, more dimensionalized experience for consumers. We are saying where we have those digital connections through like NIKE app at retail, we're seeing the engagement from consumers rise significantly. And the actual spend per consumer in those cases actually jumps up dramatically.  So this is something that we don't think it's just a -- it's not just a current trend, this is the future of the fusion of digital and physical is going to continue. And this is a huge priority. It's a source of investment for us. It's ultimately around how do we better serve customers members. And you'll continue to see us evolve that dramatically. And our ambition is to lead in that space. 
Mark Parker: And also as the insights that we're getting for China are actually helping us create China -- products that's more relevant for China but also other parts of the world. So this isn't about importing Western concepts into China as much as it is trying to actually take the insights we gain in China and use it to enrich our global position as a brand and as a product offering. So it's truly not just local for local. It's China putting us in a position to be a better global company. 
Mark Parker: Yes. RFID provides us an opportunity to do what we aspire to do, which is connect the marketplace and do that through our NIKE Direct business, but also through strategic wholesale partners, partners that we view as being part of the NIKE Network of the future. We are already testing the use of RFID in being able to give consumers greater visibility into product down to the style, color and size that they're looking for.  And I'd say that's probably the sharpest and most intuitive aspect of this opportunity is visibility into the inventory for a company like NIKE with the breadth and depth of our portfolio is somewhat limited across our broad distribution within the marketplace, being able to leverage our RFID to give almost 100% visibility into what we have, by style, color and size across our marketplace is an incredible opportunity in terms of meeting consumer demand real time in the moment. 
Mark Parker: Thank you, Sam. And thank you, everybody. Thanks. Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Take care. Bye.
Andy Campion: I'll take your first question on supply chain investments. The short answer is roughly 30 basis points in the fourth quarter. And just to clarify, those, that is because we capture investments that may be for the long term and our other cost of goods sold within margin. So it can be somewhat distorted in terms of current quarter product profitability. 
Andy Campion: Sure, I'll take that one as well. We, we continue to source product in China. We continue to source product in China. We do externally report that we produce about a quarter of our product in China for the globe. Our exposure in terms of product produced in China to North America is relatively modest. At the same time we see a great opportunity to continue and potentially expand the production of product in China, for China and for other markets.  The short of it is we've got a relatively agile approach to sourcing multiple nodes from a production and distribution perspective. And so while the dynamics are certainly -- while it is certainly dynamic out there with respect to trade, we're relatively well positioned as we always have been for macro dynamics. 
Andy Campion: One challenge from a top line perspective is frankly a nice problem to have, Brian, which is, as we enter the year we've got a particularly strong demand. Its broad based and a couple of years where we have very strong demand relate to Air, NIKE AIR, which is obviously a distinctive innovation relative to NIKE. So to your point about dynamics out there in the marketplace, we've got an innovation that is obviously closely tied to and really powerful within our portfolio that being NIKE AIR. And as Mark mentioned, in his remarks, we are actually expanding our investment in Air manufacturing in the U.S., and that is directly related to demand that we weren't able to fully capture in the second half of this past year.  In other areas and apparel got very strong growth in apparel. And we're ramping up supply with respect to a few classifications where our revenue growth could have been greater based on the demand in the marketplace, particularly around fleece.  And then just overall, when we speak about our growth, we said that it's not really an extrapolation. It's not really just a correlation to what's going on in the market. It's about a transformation in NIKE. And most notably, that transformation is being fueled by innovation. So we're creating something new and different in the marketplace and digital. Again, we're creating something new and different in the marketplace in terms of the digital connection we have with consumers. 
Andy Campion: And then Omar I will take your question on sneakers. We still see tremendous opportunity with respect to sneakers. I will give you some dimension on where we see that opportunity. In terms of what you referred to as kind of special nature of the product that were launching on sneakers. We still supply a very small percent of the demand that were seeing on sneakers. In fact just this morning, we launched a few pretty unique collaboration and again saw sell out within minutes. That’s fantastic in terms of the heat that some of our styles create, but also an opportunity.  Couples of other opportunities within sneakers are apparel. What we done with apparel and in limited cases where we've launched apparel either collaboration or apparel innovation we see an incredible demand and we really have. It's almost overstating it to say we scratched the surface in terms of the heat we can create and connectivity to consumers around apparel.  Women's is another great opportunity through the sneakers app and then two last dimensions I speak to product creation, that's done with the membership data that we get through the sneakers app in mind.  We launched the shoe in this past year. Based on data and analytics relatively Dominican community in New York, which was incredibly well received based on demand and branch. Around that we also see the opportunity, as Mark touched on, to launch innovation directly to members. Sneaker is for people who love the innovation that we provide in the app.  And then finally, what both of us touched on is we often focus on the businesses that we have here in North America because we all experience them as consumers here in North America but we got a tremendous potential to continue to expand the sneakers app globally geographically in markets around the world. 
Andy Campion: And then to your question, on key cities, we're seeing over indexing growth in our key cities as compared to the countries in which they are. We're also seeing over indexing results from a brand perspective. Our brand is the number one brand in each of those key cities. I would tell you that in terms of prioritization, which I think was the spirit of your question, our priorities have been in bringing our Consumer Direct Offense to life, first in London, New York, and Shanghai.  So that's where you see us having invested in the new houses of innovation in New York and Shanghai, which do -- that is a bit of a segue from what Mark was just speaking to merging physical and digital in an experience that the consumer really hasn't had for NIKE or anyone else in the marketplace. Those experiences have well exceeded our expectations.  LA is another market where we've started to bring this to life with our smaller format, concept NIKE Live. So I would say that to answer your question, in short, London, New York and Shanghai, I think, are the cities where we're furthest along. But we've got really energized teams in each of the key cities. In fact, we just had all of our key city teams not just jammed together here a couple of weeks ago, at our headquarters to share best practices and learnings and align on how to leverage what we can create globally or in one key city and another key city. So we really think feel great about the progress we're making against that offense. 
Andy Campion: Sure, Sam, thanks for the question. I'll start. Yes, as both Mark and I said, our approach has been to be of China for China. And that's not a new approach. That approach is not based on dynamics of late. That's been the approach we've had in for China for two, three decades. And it ranges from the strong leadership team we have in place there with local talent that understands the consumer. Obviously, in our history, it dates back to our sourcing of product in China.  Over the years, it's been about us fueling the passion for sport and participation in sport, not simply being a commercial enterprise in China, but having a bigger view in terms of the purpose and the impact that we could create, in terms of the lively consumers in China.  And then that last point extends to our relationship with the Ministry of Sport and Education. Our partnerships there as well as our partnerships, more probably out in front in terms of the global impact of the teams, athletes and Federation's in China, but why we're invested in sponsoring those teams and athletes and federations is because of their impact on local consumers in China.
Andy Campion: Yes. Well, that's one of the measures of success. We feel really good about the progress we're making. On doubling the percentage of products and what we call one half the time to market. We've seen some really strong results over the past year. And we expect that to continue through the next year. And a lot of that effort is led by what we call the Express Lane. And Express Lane as I mentioned, I think, I commented that 20% of our product, sale revenue in EMEA is actually coming from our Express Lane initiative.  So we see the speed initiative for NIKE, the time to market cut in half initiative, really accelerating through this next fiscal year. And it's ultimately going to be a big competitive advantage for us.
