Donald W. Blair: Okay. So I'm going to let Charlie speak specifically to those 2 markets, but what I do want to do is just reiterate from an overall standpoint, about 70% of our inventory is really coming from other places. So to just put this into context, North America and Emerging Markets are really driving the overall balances for the company. And the inventory positions we're working through in China and Western Europe are much smaller piece of that equation.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, there was a pretty small impact from off-price margin and mix in the fourth quarter. It was a very modest, negative impact, about 20 basis points.
Donald W. Blair: Well as I said in the prepared remarks, we had 70 basis points of drag that came from 2 things: one was increased R&D on the digital side, which does flow through our gross margin; and the second piece was an unanticipated customs assessment out of one of our Emerging Market territories that relates to 4 previous fiscal years. So those were both nonproduct-driven elements of gross margin that were different from what we had anticipated 90 days ago.
Donald W. Blair: Answer is they're stronger in the front half of the window than the back half, reflecting a couple of factors. You've got Olympics, you've got NFL and some other factors driving some of that first quarter versus second quarter growth. And the answer on cancellation is no, we haven't seen a meaningful move on that.
Donald W. Blair: Well first of all, it's going to be a couple of things. It's going to be research and development but also as we commercialize new products, a lot of the costs of ramping up production are going to go through our gross margin. And so part of this is a scale question. We are at this point at the front end of some of these technologies and some of these businesses, so we're investing at this stage to ramp up both the technology as well as the production on it and so just like any other new product, margins tend to improve over time.
Donald W. Blair: Yes. It's really a question of timing on this but yes, the products have really taken off. We've taken some decisions to add capacity. And we've really been building on the success of those launches.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, I would just add on top of that a little bit because I think you're talking about price discounting and are we seeing some of the pricing pressures through some of the discounting from some of the competition. And again, I think in times like this, price value is going to be challenged, and if you can't deliver the value, which we feel very confident that we're able to do and it speaks back to what Mark said about innovation, then I think some of the following players may shake out a little bit, but I think the consumer is going to vote on that.
Donald W. Blair: And I want to just align this with conversations we've been having about Lunar. Lunar was a brand-new technology launched at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and now it's about a $2 billion business at retail. This is another example here with Flyknit, FuelBand; these are technologies we launched around these global events and then we build them over time into multiple categories and much bigger commercial businesses.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, and I'll just chime in again on the positioning and the product side of things. I think as we've talked about it and as we will continue to talk about this -- the amplified sport positioning, which is really establishing the premium performance positioning in the marketplace, which I think speaks to the brand and the history of the brand, the legacy of the brand, and then it's really combining that with the increased capacity and capabilities around our ability to take advantage of Lifestyle and Sportswear and it's that full-time relationship with the athlete, whether they're competing, whether they're training or actually whether they're just expressing themselves. And it's something we feel very confident and, quite frankly, very excited about, our ability as a brand to do something that really no other brand can do across a spectrum of product, price points and marketplaces around the world. So it really captures what we think the overall potential of the brand really represents.
Donald W. Blair: That is not in the gross margin line. So that restructuring charge is on the other income and expense line. So the 2 items that we discussed that were part of margins were digital investment as well as the customs assessment for the 4 previous fiscal years, both -- neither of which was in the guidance that we gave 90 days ago.
Donald W. Blair: The one thing to bear in mind is that line item includes a lot of currency impact. It's essentially items related to conversion gains and losses that affect the balance sheet as well as some hedging results. So we would expect to see a little bit of income in the first quarter and then not really significantly material items for the rest of the year.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, this is Charlie, and I think our ability to move through the inventory, we feel very confident. Right now the Apparel piece, specifically in China, is a little bit heavier. We've talked about that in the past. We think that we're in a good position to move through that -- through the calendar -- or through the end of the calendar year. So as we look at the second half of the fiscal year, our anticipation is that we'll be in a better position in both geographies from an inventory standpoint.
Charles D. Denson: Bob, this is Charlie. Well, I think the Western Europe has -- I'm still pretty bullish on the Western Europe business. I think it's -- there's a big opportunity for us there as you look at both where we're positioned in the marketplace and what we've been able to do over the last 1 year, 1.5 years around our performance positioning, which is the one I'm most excited about. Some of our market share information coming out continues to show some very substantial gains across the Western European landscape, and it's really what we build the rest of the platform off of, whether it's the Training or the Sportswear. So I'm still pretty bullish about the opportunity in Europe. I think obviously, the macros continue to moderate that push-ness because you just don't know how strong the macros are going to -- how much of a headwind we're going to be running into. But I feel really good about the reorg. You see the -- we took the charge in the fourth quarter around reorg-ing the Western European business. I feel very confident about what we're doing there and the direction that we're taking and I really like the positioning that we have regarding performance and what we're doing there. And I think that there's some real opportunity around distribution. And doing some things across the geography, again to leverage both our brand strength and our ability to create and manage the marketplace.
Charles D. Denson: Robert, this is Charlie. So it's all of the above. And a little bit -- and what I would say is, and we've talked a lot about this, both internally and externally. I -- the good news is that the China business and the China market continues to grow. We knew that it was going to hit a bump in the road somewhere along the way. It got here maybe a little bit faster than we thought because of the growth that we've experienced and so we feel great about, as Mark said, the brand position, our connection with the consumers. I went through 3 different things that we're really focusing on as we navigate our way through this period: one is distribution; two is product; and three is brand. It's the 3 levers that we always pull. And quite frankly, I feel as strong and as good about all 3 of those levers going forward as I ever have. When you look at the overall industry, Don alluded to the fact that the overall industry has hit a little bit of a speed bump. We're not the only one that's seeing this. And then when you throw in some of the macro circumstances that we've all seen coming out of the China economic figures, you have a little bit of a perfect storm that's hitting right now, but it hasn't diminished our growth potential numbers or our bullishness in that marketplace or with that consumer long term.
Charles D. Denson: Well, our Footwear business is still strong. We have seen a little bit more of an impact in Apparel. We've had some sizing issues that we are in the process of fixing, which we believe will enhance the -- our ability to move through Apparel. And then I think the other thing in -- I think in honesty, we -- the category offense has got us out in front of a lot of things, but I think we're still building a category consumer in China. And I think that the ability to continue to be brand-loyal first and a NIKE consumer and then start to differentiate and segment with the category offense will come over time. And we -- and it may be just a little bit before its time in the China marketplace right now which is really, if you look back through where we've been and how we created some of our Apparel inventory issues, it's really coming out of trying to execute the category offense maybe a little bit too bullish or aggressive in a marketplace with that consumer.
Charles D. Denson: I think -- this is Charlie. I think we're still very bullish and obviously, as you see the NFL stuff kick in, you're going to see that number continue to be a pretty solid number from us. I don't want to talk about what specifics are, but we're -- I think our Apparel number is one of the growth levers that we have talked about in the past. We feel very good about the progress we're making in pulling that lever. And I think the U.S. Apparel opportunity continues to be quite strong for us here in North America.
Mark G. Parker: But most of the inventory growth, as Don said, I want to point that out again, is coming out of the fast growth territories, in North America and Emerging Markets.
Mark G. Parker: Sure. My confidence in the -- our confidence, I'll say, in that $28 billion to $30 billion is in the overall diversity of the portfolio that we've got. So -- and we feel China, although we're hitting a speed bump here in fiscal '13, we feel very confident in the long-term growth potential in China. I think we're working through some inventory -- industry-wide inventory issues there. As we discussed, the consumer appetite for our product, our brands is quite strong. We feel really good about our position overall, working very closely with our partner retailers in China. And again, the prospects for our growth over this period in China are actually quite strong despite fiscal '13 is going to be a bit more challenging than what we've seen over the past 5 years. And again, we feel very strong about the overall portfolio growth opportunity from a category and a geography standpoint.
Mark G. Parker: This is Mark. I'll add that Charlie pointed out product branded distribution, and those are the levers that we're pulling. And I'd say that we are much more sophisticated in our ability to manage those levers than we have been in our history in China. And so we're really dialing down on all of those opportunities over this next year. And again, I think we're very confident that we're going to see a return to some fairly robust growth here in China. Just working through this next fiscal year is going to be a bit of a transition.
Mark G. Parker: I'll start with our excitement around Basketball in North America, which is extremely high, seeing LeBron get his first ring and all the things that came with it. It's the most-viewed NBA Finals, I think, in history. I think with Kevin Durant, who's also a Nike athlete, LeBron, Dwayne Wade, everybody that was involved in that has given us great confidence. Now as we move into that -- the next phase of storytelling, the U.S. Basketball team and moving into the Olympics in London will continue to fuel some of that excitement. And I agree, I think that will translate into a very strong brand position in China. We've talked for years how important Basketball is to the Chinese consumer, whether it's with the NIKE Brand or the Jordan Brand. And I think that we'll continue to see that excitement translate into the China business as well.
Mark G. Parker: Well, we -- one factor that we have never seen really change is the appetite for meaningful innovation and premium product. And it's always been our position is that it really starts with the performance of the product, the strength of the product. And that's why we've driven such a high share of our product revenue in sales in the premium and performance price channels or price ranges. And again, we think that'll continue. That's one of the benefits of having a really strong brand and such a focus on the innovation side of the business. That said, there is an appetite, I think, for a good level product as well around the world. But we're not seeing a market change in that condition overall. It's pretty much stayed the same, I think, throughout this period. We haven't seen a real downward pressure on our premium level of product. But it's all dependent on how strong that level of product is and how well we deliver that innovation.
Mark G. Parker: Yes. I mean to be clear, innovation really takes place at all price points, good, better and best. And that remains our focus is making sure that we get that price-value relationship as strong as possible.
Mark G. Parker: Yes, I see the -- demand for Flyknit is actually quite strong. It is another one of those areas where we're investing to increase our capacity and catch up with the demand, which is very strong. Right now we're selling every pair of Flyknit shoes we can make.
Mark G. Parker: So there's a ramp-up period to catch up with demand that we're also seeing with the FuelBand, for example. Two incredibly innovative new products involving new technology, so there's a bit of a ramp-up that is costing a bit of time and money. But Flyknit, I continue to be -- we continue be incredibly bullish on the impact that Flyknit will have not only from a performance standpoint, but revolutionizing how we manufacture product as well.
Mark G. Parker: Well I think with respect to profitability, I mean we believe that we're going to continue to develop that market profitably, meaning that we're going to continue to drive more velocity through our retail network, both the one we own and the one that we partner with others. We do believe there's an opportunity to, as Charlie said, expand performance product. And so we do think there's a lot of levers. So we think the growth will definitely be profitable growth.
Mark G. Parker: On your question on profitability, we are working more closely with our retail partners in China, as I said before, to enhance their profitability through merchandising mix of product flow, assortment planning, focus on key items and concepts. These are things that I think we're tightening up in terms of our relationship with those partners, and I think that'll enhance their profitability and ours at the same time.
Mark G. Parker: Well, I mean there -- when the revenue growth slows down, there's a small amount of deleverage you might see in the supply chain, but that's not the biggest driver of margins.
