Donald Blair: Yes, what we've been doing is we have been offsetting the investments we're making in both DTC, as well as our innovation agenda by driving productivity in the rest of the cost structure. One thing to also bear in mind is DTC itself is becoming significantly more productive. As some of the things that Jeanne spoke to earlier have taken effect, we've had more velocity through those existing assets and that's helped give us leverage as well.
Donald Blair: No. I think in just in aggregate terms, I'm not -- I don't think it makes sense to break all the numbers, there's a whole lot of other factors involved. So when you say we gave you that kind of a reconciliation, normally, we don't give it in that level of detail. But if you look at the 310 basis points for the fourth quarter, about 2/3 of that was input costs and airfreight, with some offset from some of the cost initiatives that Eric spoke to earlier.
Donald Blair: Yes, that's correct. So what I would first caution you on here is, you can't make a literal connection between inventory levels and airfreight because capacity is not completely fungible. As we've talked about several times today, our Running business, for example, is up 30% last year. A lot of that was new technology, Nike Free, Lunar, various products that are not necessarily equated to the same capacity that produces an Air Force One or even apparel. So I mean that inventory number includes a lot of different product types. So airfreight as Eric said earlier is going to improve over the course of the year. We do expect that to be more in the second half of the year, not really in the first or the second quarter.
Donald Blair: We don't see there being major swings in that line. The conversation that we usually have on a quarterly basis is we tell you what the net impact is of translation of the P&Ls and other income and expense. At this point, we do expect there to be a fairly small headwind from FX in FY '12, that was embedded in all of the guidance that I gave you earlier. But we don't think that's going to be a huge set of numbers, if the exchange rates stay where they are.
Donald Blair: No, it means, we expect that line is broadly going to be about at the level it was in the fourth quarter on a quarterly basis.
Donald Blair: And I think with respect to the second part of the question, I'm going to let other companies talk about their margin equation. I mean, for us, what we expect to see is sequential improvement in margins over the course of the year. And that's really going to be fueled by all of the things that we do control that we talked about, things like lean manufacturing, the growth of DTC, tighter supply chain, less airfreight as was discussed earlier, as well as the price increases that are accelerating in the second half of the year.
Donald Blair: Sure. The impact is just -- all of the costs to bringing the product and landed costs gets inventoried, so that was the element of the impact of airfreight on inventory. And with respect to Western Europe, we can have one of the other folks talk a little bit more about the business trends. From a profitability standpoint, Western Europe was the most significantly affected by foreign exchange in FY '12. And the major issue there was not that there was a major adverse move in the euro, it was that we had done a very effective job of hedging and that affected our FY '10 numbers. So FY '11, really, was more normalized. We had put some pretty long-dated euro hedges out, when the euro was above $1.50. So we had that benefit in FY '10. So that's really one of the major differences between Western Europe and the rest of the geographies.
Donald Blair: That question is almost impossible to peel apart because you're dealing with what would prices have been had you had different exchange rates and how each one of the currencies and the spending would have flowed through the P&L? And so we don't calculate it that way or disclose it that way.
Donald Blair: Let me just add that the increasing capacity will really take root in this first half of fiscal '12. I mean, we've had some steady increases but the real ramp-up is happening in the next 6 months.
Donald Blair: Okay. So at this point, I'm not going to give guidance on third, fourth quarter at this juncture but I think the math is correct. We do expect to see with the margin guidance we just gave for the full year and what we gave for the first quarter, we expect sequential improvement and we do think it will be positive by the end of the year. So yes, without giving individual pieces of the equation. With respect to SG&A, the guidance we gave said, yes, we do expect to gain some leverage. If you looked at what we said about the rate of growth, it's not going to be huge amounts of leverage in this particular year largely because of some of the factors that you just discussed. But we do expect to gain leverage and we do that when we are still investing in DTC, still investing in our innovation agenda. So we are always positioning our spending against the highest growth opportunities in the business and really driving productivity in the other parts of the business.
Donald Blair: I'll just add one thing. I think from a -- I think when Mark kind of spoke about it, from a category perspective, one of the reasons we're able to see the success that we see is because we work very closely with our own DTC stores. And so we can actually test out these concepts, or we can focus our work against our DTC that allows us to leverage it through the wholesale trade. So whilst from one perspective, you can look at clearly the profitability of that part of the business, importantly as we look at it in terms of how we operationalize the category offense, we learn so much through actually operating through the DTC stores.
Donald Blair: Well, it's not something that if you were building a model for next couple of quarters, you wouldn't necessarily see the impact of that. But the impact is that we are now funneling all of our transactions with factory groups and the various countries in which we do business through a hub, which lets us use the natural offsets of currency to reduce the level of currency exposure. So one of the things that is one of the macroeconomic factors that drives our business is foreign exchange. Sometimes, it's to the plus and sometimes not. What this does is it takes all of our sales in various currencies and our product purchases, which will increasingly be in multiple currencies and lets us net those together, so that we have less volatility from foreign exchange.
Donald Blair: It does reduce the cost as well. But the main fact here, for example, with China, we are largely net 0 in China, the size of our purchasing and the size of our revenues are basically net 0. So our renminbi exposure is relatively small.
Donald Blair: No, nothing of significance. I mean, when we can take price increases at retail, price sensitivity and playing that but nothing has changed of any material impact. Most of the price increases that we talked about last quarter will go into effect spring.
Donald Blair: No, I don't want to provide that level of detail at this point. But what I would tell you is if you look at the underlying trend lines of the business, for example, the futures order book, which gives you the order pattern and that's not muddied by the shipping pattern, you can see the strength of the business in North America.
Donald Blair: Okay. There's 3 questions. Some of which I can answer all of the above and then we can break them out. So the At-Once futures mix, we don't see it continuing to diversify much more than what we've talked about. I think as the business grows incrementally across the business model. We talked about always available. We talked about our retail footprint continuing to expand. But I don't see -- the futures will still be the best indicator for future possibilities, opportunities and how to measure the business. I don't see that changing anytime soon. Second question was China and...
Donald Blair: Oh yes, I think -- one of the interesting things about China, I think that it will continue to be as profitable. But actually, the third question relates to the China model a little bit, which is -- especially in sports marketing. China is able to actually leverage the global assets much, much better than probably any other business of scale or scope. So whether it's Kobe Bryant or LeBron James or whether it's Manchester United or Wayne Rooney or Cristiano Ronaldo, all of those costs actually sit out in the respective business units, where they're housed and China leverages them. So that being said, we're going to see China sports marketing assets start to accelerate as that business accelerates as the competition accelerates there in China. So I would expect that to have somewhat of an impact on the overall profitability. But still, very, very moderate.
Donald Blair: Well, first of all, I think the math is inescapable. We do need to expand operating margins if we're going to grow revenues at the high-single digits and earnings in mid-teens. And as we said, there's those 3 drivers: gross margin, SG&A leverage and financial leverage. The element of the way we manage this business, at the end of the day, you can do fantastic planning but when you do business in well over 100 countries in so many currencies and it's as volatile as the world is, you essentially have to have a great team, you have to read the marketplace and then you have to adapt. And so our motto really is, a little bit more of a framework than it is a straitjacket. So we have mapped out the operational steps that it takes us to work towards those goals and we are very confident that we can deliver against that. But we're going to be managing this business on a year-in, year-out basis based upon the environment we find ourselves in. And I think if you look at our performance over the last 3 years or even over the last 10, we run a slightly different model every year. But we work in that framework of saying, this is where we want the top line to be, this is the bottom line, we want to improve capital productivity and we have to adapt as circumstances dictate.
Donald Blair: Yes, you know, first of all I agree with your observations on athletically-inspired apparel. We're seeing our futures strength in that area. If you look at our futures, up 15%. I mean, that's equally split between footwear and apparel. We think we have a unique position on the performance side of apparel. And that can help us drive, again, a more unique proposition on what we call the express or the Sportswear side of the business as well. We focused as Eric pointed out, I think in his presentation, a lot more on key items. We've gotten a lot more efficient in terms of focusing on those styles and getting more productivity per style. I think there's still more upside opportunity for NIKE as far as that's concerned. And then I think as you look across the portfolio, particularly with Converse and then Umbro as well and obviously, Hurley, there's some major upside on the apparel side. So we're bullish, we're very bullish on apparel and it's obviously, a really key part of our growth strategy.
Charlie Denson: Yes, I think, first of all, I think the confidence we have in the product, so the innovation that's coming down the line and some of the new products that are in prospect today gives us great confidence that we will pull. I think the other thing that we're looking at, I mean, we're looking at a potential price increase across the product lines but as far as [indiscernible], we feel very confident from a consumer spending standpoint that they're going to be able to absorb that price increase. We're not pushing the envelope too far, too quickly. I think over time, we'll continue to review [indiscernible] as we always do and price value relationship is really the long-term approach that we use to evaluate where we're at. And like we said all day long, I think we're going to stay committed to the overall profitability of the brand. I think Don talked about it as well, I think as you start to move into the second half of the year, some of these things will start to even out.
Charlie Denson: [indiscernible] We've seen some increases in tariff pressure in Brazil. One of the things we've done to offset that is primarily moved closer to the deliveries from China into Vietnam, which is currently not taxed at the same level. At the same time, we're increasing our local production capacity in-country and we're prepared to do that [indiscernible].
Charlie Denson: I would just add one point here too. China is a little bit of a unique marketplace in the sense that all the monitoring [indiscernible] is a much better or more balanced mix between [indiscernible] as well. So [indiscernible] when you look at the mix between the 2. So we expect both of them to grow equally because of the off-ramp [ph] presentation [indiscernible].
Charlie Denson: Well, what we said in the slides here was that, we're going to -- we think by the latter half of fiscal year '12, we'll have caught up with capacity and that capacity is really oriented towards those innovative products that you mentioned, Kate. And I think going forward, we feel like we're going to be better balanced between where our demand and our supply is. And so we're always on the lookout for good, solid, financially healthy partners in the supply chain and we'll continue to do that.
Mark Parker: We've seen a little bit of a -- some increases already in DTC that -- where the consumer hasn't flinched. And then I'll just add the brand, the strength of the brand, I think, I don't think there's anybody in the industry that has the brand strength and the level of product innovation to Charlie's point, that we have coming. And then as we ramp up to London, next summer, I think that excitement is going to continue to grow. So I'm very confident, not cavalier but confident.
Mark Parker: The segments in China, I mean again, we're very bullish on the growth. As you mentioned, the middle class, the projection of 600 million-person middle class by 2015. So we see that trend, we believe in that trend. GDP growth, although there's been some concern that it's slowing as we said in the presentation, it's still almost twice as rapid as the other markets of the world. So we still see bullish macro trends that we're convinced on. On the product front and the market share, we literally stratified the product offering, so we can take more share at the premium price points, RMB 800 and above, we believe there's a marketplace even lower than that. I think some of the commentary that's been made in the past, that we will go from just Tier 1, 2 and 3 cities and expand our reach there. So that is something that we’ve worked on. We're picking up market share in that segment. So we'll do both, we'll make a geographic expansion. We'll make a product expansion and we think we can capture share both ways.
Mark Parker: The other thing that I would just add is in looking at the overall demand [indiscernible] and giving ourselves enough flexibility to flex up and down as the future unfolds. So I think one of the things that takes that pressure off on [indiscernible], you make sure that you have flexibility in your supply chain to flex up and down [indiscernible].
Mark Parker: Well, I'll take the NFL first. So obviously, we're hopeful that there aren't any lockouts. So but the reality is, with the NFL in a lockout now, it hasn't affected any of the scheduling yet. We're optimistic that it won't. But for us, in our relationship with the NFL, it doesn't go into effect until next year. So I'm not going to make any guarantees but hopefully, they're not locked out still when we get to next April and it shouldn't affect our launch as we move into that relationship. As for the NBA, I think and if you think back and compare it to previous situation, labor issues around the NBA, which you’d have to go back 5 or 6 years ago, we had a limited relationship with the NBA itself obviously, with the players much more direct tied to the business. And depending on what happens here, we will continue to utilize the players. I think there was a reference already about all the players that are going to China this summer. And I think everybody is very excited about that, including the players. As well as -- we have a very, very dominant footprint in college basketball. And with the absence of an NBA schedule, college basketball will become that much more important. And I think that's going to be -- it's a great position to be in from a basketball standpoint, if there is a labor issue that might affect the season.
Mark Parker: I'm going to just touch on the general point that our DTC business is actually really -- my point, my position, our position is that DTC is really helping our overall business on the wholesale side. I mean, I've said many times before that the investment that we're making in DTC is actually going to make us a better wholesale partner and I really believe that's true. I think the combination of DTC with our category offense has actually made us a much stronger company over the past 2 to 3 years. Everything you have to do to be successful in Direct to Consumer is really in a sense a microcosm of what you need to do to be a better company. And I think that's really playing out as we -- as you can see, with some of the premium brand expressions that we have with some of our key retail partners and a lot of that is because we're actually a better retailer not just qualitatively, but quantitatively. So Jeanne, do you want to…
Mark Parker: This is a great risk of over answering the question here. But I wanted to just be very clear about one thing, which is to Jeanne's point, the digital piece and the factory outlet stores are some of the most profitable things we do. And on the in-line side, which you have to bear in mind is some of these stores are really the pinnacle presentation. Those of you who have been in the Niketown stores are extraordinarily exciting category presentations. Those were not always designed to be more profitable, replicated types of formats. What we are now seeing in the new format that Jeanne spoke to is a completely different thought process around how we're doing retail. This is retail that is going to be both profitable and brand accretive and we're on track to do that.
Mark Parker: So on each of those, as you saw this morning, China offers both Umbro and Converse much upside in opportunity. We see definitely taking a lot of what is happening, out of the U.K., for example, in Umbro or out of the U.S. in the Converse case, and we see there's an awful lot of consumer connectivity and opportunity just as we built the model in other places.
Mark Parker: You're going to see deeper penetration, obviously, not only in the Tier 2, 3 but 4, 5, 6 from NIKE. But as Gary touched on, I think the future is 1, 2 with the NIKE Brand. Umbro, Converse will be a multi-brand strategy against that market. So we see when we actually combine multiple brands, we're really at looking the portfolio against the opportunity in China, I think there's a huge growth potential.
Mark Parker: One callout again is that too that I would make and I think each presenter called it out this morning is the correlation between one, performance and Sportswear is very significant. And two, having key items both driving growth, as well as defining the brand. And I think you see that when you walk next door and you see the power of strong items that the consumer can connect with and you keep coming back.
Mark Parker: Yes, and I’ll just add to that one and just say that when we think about it, we think about it in terms of distinction. How do you actually allow the retailers to have better distinction in the marketplace. And I think that the category offense has actually allowed us to have distinct formats that we can flow products through and because we stay focused on that consumer every single day, every single season, we can pull a consistent story through those stores. Prior to that, it would have been a hit or miss. So I think that -- what it has allowed us to do is create -- increase the capacity of the marketplace but also increase the distinction between our retailers, which I think the consumer is then having a better experience. And so House of Hoops is a great example and we see that with our Foot Locker. Obviously, the Track Club that we do with FinishLine, another great example. So we're definitely seeing that as something that has really struck a nerve with our consumers and we’re delivering that all the way through our business model.
Gary DeStefano: Yes, I think the expansion of the distribution has been a plain strategy. As you know, we went in and basically focused on the 3 major cities and I think that strategy was very successful for us. And I think over time, people are saying, "Hey, you need to be more aggressive." And we actually did quite a study and found out that we needed to be more aggressive in those other tiers of cities and that we're, in fact, losing share there. And there is, in fact, very little overlap between ourselves and some of the local brands. So that has been a strategy that we have access to those other marketplaces. So it's typical to what we're doing. We would look at the marketplaces, we would create the strategy for distribution in those marketplaces. And as we said today in the presentation, what we believe will be different over time in China what is today a monobrand marketplace, we believe NIKE Retail will be a catalyst for changing some of the secondary cities in the future. We've stayed in the major cities today. We believe over time, multi-brand will exist in those marketplaces. So today it's really about differentiating the monobrand partners that are there and working with those monobrand partners to make their doors more productive and more profitable in those cities. And basically, the distribution is there. We're going to leverage the distribution that's there and work to make it more profitable and more productive for our partners and ourselves.
Gary DeStefano: It was a great learning, in the study, when we did the study is to look at the fact that we were very complementary and not overlapping with our affiliate brands. And that was kind of a key tipping point to our strategy to say, “Hey, we need to really accelerate that strategy.”
Gary DeStefano: Yes. Sorry, Faye, we couldn't address all the countries. But again, we're trying to spin the world in 20 minutes there. So it really, as we said, we focused on the big 5 countries in Europe. The good news is that all of those countries are back to growth. So that's a significant departure from where we've been in Western Europe. So we're pleased with that. To your point, it's been a tough economic year. So in some of the countries, specifically the southern countries, Spain and Italy have been more difficult in terms of the macroenvironment. So that business is still doing well. What we like best is what we said earlier that the performance business is doing particularly well. To your point, the Apparel business is a great opportunity for the company and what Trevor talked about in the presentation, our ability to amplify sports, specifically Football when you look at the great Football assets we have in Europe. And you look at each of the countries, we talked specifically France and we didn't go into depth on the business. But when you pick up the French Federation, you look at all the assets we have whether it's Barcelona in Spain and they win the Champions League or it's Manchester United and they win the Premier League, we can literally now go anywhere in that portfolio and drive the business and drive apparel and drive footwear. So again, we think that should be a growth business for us.
