Donald W. Blair: First of all, with respect to the units, we were up 12% for the NIKE Brand in units, Bob. And over 1/2 of that increase was in transit and the biggest driver there as we talked about earlier is the change in factory deliveries. Last year, as you know, we were very short on Footwear capacity. We have largely caught up now, and we've seen deliveries come back to normal. And that's really driven our Footwear inventories higher. So that's really the biggest driver of the 12% unit increase. With respect to the pieces in China and Europe, I don't have those value numbers right off the top of my head. But I would tell you based on the comment I made earlier in the script over 1/2 of the increase in inventory in value terms is coming out of the businesses where we have the strongest momentum, North America, Emerging Markets and China Footwear.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, Bob, I think just to dimensionalize here, too. If you look at our sales trends before the events and the NFL were in the futures number, we've been growing double digits. And we just told you that for FY '13 we're expecting revenue growth at the high end or slightly above our long-term target range. So there is obviously an impact to the NFL and the events, but we've got very strong underlying demand curve as well for the rest of the business.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, Kate, I don't have the comp store numbers right now. I would say that we are still seeing growth coming out of both, both in retail expansion as well as comp-store door growth. And I think that we would expect to see both of those continue.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, what I meant by that is we expect it to be higher in fiscal 2013 on the full year than it will be for 2012 full year. So we do expect it to be higher.
Donald W. Blair: Well starting at the tail end, I mean we've talked about capacity a minute ago, but we are largely caught up on capacity. When I say largely caught up, I mean the growth rates that we're seeing here both in terms of what we reported in the third quarter and the order book, I mean, there’s still very, very rapid growth. So there is no finish line on that as we would say. But right now, we're really in good shape in terms of factory deliveries. Charlie talked a little bit about the perspective on inventory. And we gave you some sense that we think that's an equation we think works out over the first half of fiscal 2013. With respect to raw materials costs, that one is, as Mark said, easing but not yet or maybe not returning to where it ultimately was 2009 or 2010. And then as everyone has said labor costs continue to go up. Now balancing against that, in the third quarter, we were probably at 4% to 5% up in unit sales price. And you heard the futures disclosure around unit increases about plus 8%. And as Charlie said earlier, we have a lot of confidence that the innovation pipeline and the brand strength we have right now gives us the flexibility to continue over the long term to improve our gross margins.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, at this point, Michelle, we wouldn't want to start giving quarterly guidance on margin. We're, I think, providing quite a bit of direction around where we think 2013 is. But as I said earlier, we really haven't gotten our planning process completed. But we do expect sequential improvement as we said in the fourth quarter and then overall for 2013, I think we'll be better.
Donald W. Blair: Okay. Well I guess to tee this up, I think Mark made the comment earlier, I do believe that we do expect there's going to be ongoing volatility in input costs. And certainly, over the really long term, we would expect these costs to generally go up. So we don't plan for a radical return to low commodity prices. And as Mark said also, we think labor generally is going to be headed higher. That's why for us, the long-term strategy really is about innovation, which I'm going to turn over to Mark on the Flyknit side. But also it's about continuing to strengthen our brand. And as you put that innovation in the marketplace and you have a very strong brand, it gives you the ability to have flexibility in terms of how you price the product. And over the long term, brand strength, innovation, those are the things that really let you manage the margin equation and continue to expand it.
Donald W. Blair: All right. So forgive me on the math here a little bit. I think you just quoted a 20% number on cost. So let me just -- I think you're taking that from the inventory cost per unit.
Donald W. Blair: Okay. So first thing, as Charlie mentioned in his script and I did too, there's really 2 factors driving up average cost per unit in the inventory. One is higher cost per unit of individual styles of footwear and apparel. That's about 15 points or so. There's about 5 points in there which is just a higher mix of footwear. And that's because the factories caught up, and we've got more footwear on the water. So the actual cost number in the inventory is more like 15%, not 20%. And one thing to bear in mind here is that cost of goods is about half of revenues. So if you were trying to equate the 2, you'd be talking about more like 7.5%, if you follow me. So that -- just to dimensionalize, that's about what's in the inventory, plus or minus. And I think as all of us have said here along the way, this is a very dynamic equation. There is constantly moving parts here around both the revenue equation, around price and mix, and on the cost side in terms of materials and labor and innovation that goes into how we design and produce products. So what we would point you to is that 2013 perspective right now, we do expect year-on-year to be above 2012 on gross margin in 2013. And over the long haul, we are still committed to expanding our margins over time.
Donald W. Blair: Well that's a tough one to respond to there, Michael. But what I would say to you is there's a lot of moving parts in gross margin. And what I would tell you is we feel fantastic about the fundamental drivers that we control. We always talk about the fact that there are some pieces of the equation we control, some we don't. We have taken more wide scale price increases for spring and summer. We're really pleased with how those are playing out in the marketplace on sell-through. The strength of our brand and the innovation pipeline give us good opportunities to take price and have it stick and both of those are strong as they've ever been. We've got some great innovations coming that I think -- we talked about Flyknit that take labor out, take waste out. In the long run, those are all the things that are going to let us move this equation. I would love to get it exactly right every quarter. I don't always do it exactly right. But if you look at the long-term equities that we have in the business, our ability to manage gross margin, we feel great about where this is playing out. And we are seeing sequential improvement. It's getting better, not quite as fast as we hope but it is getting better.
Donald W. Blair: Well the current futures window would include spring and a little piece of summer. And that would include the current price less basically.
Charles D. Denson: Bob, this is Charlie. As you know, we don't disclose specific information around either events or specific product. It's obvious that those are 2 now reoccurring items that are new to the mix, and we've had some very strong success coming out of both of those arenas. So the good news is they're now both reoccurring and we're looking forward to the growth both out of the Nike+ introduction into basketball, as well as the relationship with the NFL.
Charles D. Denson: Well, yes, definitely. I think as we continue to see the category offense takes shape in some of the other markets outside the U.S., one of the most productive pieces of that execution has been some of that shop-in-shop work. So we are emphasizing both the shop-in-shop, as well as trying to define and proof of concept category destinations. We're very bullish on both of them. And I would expect to see more of the above in all of the markets around the world.
Charles D. Denson: Well -- this is Charlie. We -- as we always talk about, this is one of the things we focus a lot on. I would say that we have very aggressive plans in place to continue to move through some of those situations that you spoke to. At the same time, we've got great brand strength in both markets. We have a very strong Footwear business obviously in both markets, and it complements where we're at in Apparel. So the biggest issue is around that Sportswear piece in Europe and in China in Apparel. And I'm pretty confident that we're going to move through that certainly over the next 6 months.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, the main variance versus what we had expected was what it cost us to move inventory a little more aggressively. And just to put that in context there really wasn't much of a difference year-on-year on those costs. We just expected them to improve in the third quarter, and they really didn't. So it's really been that. The input costs are overwhelmingly the biggest impact year-on-year. But in terms of where we thought we were going to be when we talked to you on the last call, it really was a little bit more aggressive moving of inventory.
Charles D. Denson: I just want to add couple of other qualitative pieces to that, too. I think as we've talked about on the cost side and especially looking at the inventories, I mean the quality of our inventory right now with on-time deliveries and some of the things that we've been challenged with over the past year are in a much, much better condition. So we feel really good about that as we move into summer and fall into these big events. So that's something we feel really good about. And I think with regards to how it affects some of the pricing and our ability to continue to put new and innovative product and consumer experiences into the marketplace, the consumer continues to see the value in those things. And we have confidence both from a brand and a product-innovation standpoint that we're going to continue to deliver on those things.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I think maybe we're guilty a little bit of overreacting to the European Apparel piece only in a sense that the performance side of the equation is performing extremely well. And we're very happy with that. And as kind of reflective of my commentary, we're really going to leverage that performance success and better align some of the sportswear. So sportswear apparel inventory situation, that is the issue. So we feel very good about that. And to your point, I think one of the challenges is we haven't been able to -- or we haven't executed, I guess, the category piece, as well as we should. And I think we called that out. And it is the focus going forward in Europe is to get that in a better place. And we think it will have, really, a very positive effect on the overall position of the business. The brand continues to be extremely strong. We're still the #1 brand in Europe. The Footwear positioning is -- market share lead is still very considerable. And we feel -- like I said, Western Europe is still a very, very big growth opportunity for the brand.
Mark G. Parker: And I think Kate, just to reinforce something that Charlie said earlier in his prepared remarks, we do believe there's a large opportunity to increase the productivity of our distribution in China. And as we really move the category offense into distribution there and Amplify Sport on the Apparel side, we're really confident we're going to be raising the productivity of that distribution.
Mark G. Parker: And I would add, our category offense is really coming into its own, and that's putting us in a better position to really execute some of that type of retail.
Mark G. Parker: And I'll add, we continue to be as aggressive as we've ever been and looking at innovation in product and the supply chain to offset those margin pressures and look at ways to actually expand our margins through new manufacturing methods. I mentioned Flyknit. There's quite a few other major initiatives along the same line that we're investing in that we think will have some significant impact over the longer term on the margin expansion opportunity.
Mark G. Parker: Yes, we're not sitting around waiting for prices on materials. Certainly, labor to come down to any historical levels. We're acting very aggressively to apply any opportunity we think is meaningful to really innovate in other ways to take those input costs down and again, like I said, to improve our gross margin picture. And that's a very active, aggressive part of our innovation agenda for the company.
Mark G. Parker: The quick answer is yes, yes, and yes. Yes, it's something that we can leverage across the categories, no doubt. I think the potential to leverage this technology is greater than anything we've seen in the past. It really applies to literally every category of footwear that we produce. And frankly even Apparel, as we move forward. So there's -- that's why I'm incredibly excited about this. There’s the leverage we get from a production standpoint, the sustainability story and then, of course, performance. It's really all of those things in one. And we're at the very front end of the potential here. We do see this as a way not only to create a higher performance, more sustainable product but one that actually will gives us significantly better margins as we scale this.
Mark G. Parker: We have a very strong performance position in Europe like we do around the world. And our unique proposition in Sportswear is to leverage that performance position. And we think we have some good room for opportunity to do that in Europe, maybe more so than any other region or territory around the world. So that's really our focus, is to take our unique proposition and performance that is going to come to a new crescendo here with the European Championships and the Olympics and really leverage that much more effectively like we have in North America and the Emerging Markets particularly, and do that in Europe.
