Trevor Edwards: Yes, absolutely. On Basketball I think overall we continue to feel great about the Basketball business particularly as its trend in going forward. What we have -- we certainly have is 2% increase in the fiscal year and what we see is energy for Basketball is really high, it is really an all time high and in Basketball we have a really great relationship with Basketball fans around the world. We have a great fit roster players and what we are seeing is just the sell is actually starting really pickup particularly in key zones, the Kyrie 2 did exceptionally well. The Kobe also did exceptionally well. And we are -- also our Jordan because it's a portfolio of performance and sportswear and also the Jordan business, that is also continue to help to drive our business. So we feel really good about the trajectory of the Basketball business. In particular when you think about what's happen in globally we are certainly seeing strong results around the world. Certainly China really delivers some incredible growth. Also coming out of the playoff, the Lebron 10, Lebron Solider 10 did exceptionally well, also did the Kyrie 2. So we are definitely feeling energized about the pipeline of products that we have come in through and we are certainly excited about way the players continue to playing and our ability to continue to drive connection with our consumers.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. I'll just add that the brand remains incredibly strong in North America. From a full year revenue perspective it was up 8% and as Andy pointed out futures are up 6%. And was really led by some key categories of Sportswear, the Jordan Brand, Running and Global Football. They also really drove the business, going forward we continue to feel very strong about the marketplace, the consumer demand in the marketplace and the consumers' connection with the brand continues to be very strong. And we feel very confident about the pipeline of products that we have come in through. And as I touched on Basketball, that's a key area where we continue to see just great energy in North America. And we are looking forward to actually the products that are coming through and how they will sell through and connect with our consumers. 
Trevor Edwards: Yes. I think as Andy really touched on our pricing strategy always centers on delivering the right price value equation to our consumers. And certainly the strength of the brand and the ability on some of the technologies that we bring allow us the opportunity to charge the premium price. And we are certainly seeing strong take up from that from our consumers. So if you look across the categories from sportswear to Basketball to running, we are certainly seeing the consumer have really strong appetite for those products. You can take the Kobe 11 is a great example of when you give the right value to that consumer, they are clearly willing to pay the price. So again we continue to monitor it very carefully and our pricing strategy always reflects our ability to adjust as we think appropriately. But certainly we feel that the pricing continues to be strong opportunity for the brand. 
Trevor Edwards: Yes. Certainly. As it relates to the inventory level, certainly at the end of Q4 inventory levels in the full price channel were pretty consistent to what we discussed at the last quarter. As we go into the next quarter we expect clearly to remain in excess inventory through our factory stores and also through select third party value channels. But overall the inline full price market is clean and we continue to just make sure we maintain and sustain a healthy pull market and also to bring into new products and make sure that we are actively, proactively managing the flow of product into the marketplace. 
Trevor Edwards: Yes. And as relates to the LunarEpic, obviously we are excited about the continued launch of the LunarEpic. One of the things about that product is that when you actually put it on, it is just remarkable in terms of its feel. So in terms of the marketing strategy to launch the product and wanted to make sure that they drove trial and got people who are actually putting on their feet. Also given that it was a high job, we wanted to make sure the consumer could really see how and experience that product. That's what we continue to do. One of the things at the marketplace right now is certainly a high service marketplace and so the opportunities to give consumers the ability to actually use the product were just a key driver. And so I think you expect us doing that more in the marketplace. 
Trevor Edwards: Yes. On China, China is really just a great example of -- we are certainly seeing really strong brand connection in that marketplace. And the work that we did few years back when we decided to really focus on the biggest growth opportunities and aligned the category offense against that. That's where we are seeing actually playback in the marketplace. In addition, we re-profiled the doors to make sure that we had the right assortments in the right doors delivering. That is actually now getting closer to scale. So we are seeing that continue to drive great results in the marketplace. And so overall the marketplace is very healthy and we still have a lot of room to grow despite the fact that we are certainly seeing these -- these certain tremendous growth numbers. We don't believe that they will sustain forever but we certainly do feel very confident about the growth that we are seeing in the marketplace today. 
Trevor Edwards: And the one thing I'd just add is also that the Jordan Brand also is another dimension and it plays in a very similar way and we certainly seen very strong demand for the Jordan brand both in performance and also in lifestyle retro product. So, again we feel very energized about the products that are coming through Basketball. 
Trevor Edwards: And one thing I'd just add which is while consumer preferences can sometime shift around; we think we have the brand as best positioned actually to serve the consumer across the spectrum from performance to sportswear. That's why we always talk about the portfolio of the NIKE Brand; this is really that when it comes into action. So right now we are just seeing our ability to leverage that portfolio to connect with our consumers with the right products with the right style at the right prices. 
Trevor Edwards: Yes. Actually we mean a lot of products are actually out in the marketplace right now. So take for example the Air Force One Flyknit, that's a great example of, a combination of new innovation grow to classic style. At the same time we are bringing items like the stock dart back into the marketplace, there are Roshe, the Prestos and then on the performance side you certainly have -- we have tech fleet and apparel or the tech NIKE in apparel is also great examples. All of these products are in the market today. And they certainly combined that ability to have both great style and performance having at the same time. 
Mark Parker: Actually no, there is not. We feel really good about where we are in general from a growth standpoint. We are obviously very focused on the actions that will get us to that goal and beyond for that matter. That's the basics of developing, keep a relationships with our consumers, obviously delivering the most innovative product and services and then further differentiating in an integrated marketplace. So these are things that I think ultimately are going to continue to drive profitable growth over the longer term. And we remain confident in those long-term projections that we laid out. 
Mark Parker: I'd like add to the -- apart from better managing the fundamentals of the business as we reset the marketplace in China and the brand strength that Trevor referenced, we also have an incredibly strong leadership team in China that is really well equipped to continue to sustain the kind of momentum that we built since the reset in China. So feel very confident with all those factors kind of coming together to create one of the strongest performances that we see in any geo around the world. 
Mark Parker: Yes. Let me jump on that. First of all, I think we have -- we've always talked about complete offense. And that goes for any categories as well. Certainly including Basketball where we have two obviously leading brands in Basketball. We also have spectrum that goes from performance to sportswear or we call it amplified performance or sportswear business. And we see the shift happening up and down that spectrum from performance to lifestyle or sportswear all the time. It's not so much of shift from one end of the spectrum to the other but was the shift by style preferences across that spectrum. I think the good news for us is that we are really well equipped with a very diverse portfolio that goes from clean, classic, authentic styles like the Air Force One for example or the Jordan style. Then we have modern classics on top of that where we bring new innovation into some of that classic style. New modern performance shoes as well like the Lebron and KD, Kyrie, these are all very strong products for us particularly with what's coming in the pipeline, we feel with the recent launches of KD and the upcoming Kyrie and certainly the Lebron shoe that we really feel like we are striking that right balance between performance innovation and product that really works well for everyday lifestyle. So very confident in the portfolio of product across Basketball. 
Mark Parker: Better equipped up and down the price points spectrum too as part of our complete offense. Feel very good about that Basketball.
Mark Parker: Yes. What I just mentioned we see shift taking place month in month out, season in and season out along the lines of style preferences not so much moving to sportswear or performance per se. But just a type of styling that we are offering in performance and sportswear. So the selection isn't so much moving from one massive shift to another but it's more style specific. And we are seeing really the diversity of style across the spectrum from performance to sportswear with products that are highly priced in some cases that are doing incredibly well both in performance and in lifestyle. But we are seeing that up and down the price point spectrum. We are also bringing like I mentioned one of the things that differentiate NIKE I think from others is the amount of innovation that we are bringing into sport style. I think that's what differentiates NIKE in the end. We have an authentic product that is innovative across performance and sport style. We are not just creating a style just for fashion sake; we are bringing real performance, authentic innovation into those styles as well. So I think that ultimately differentiates NIKE from others out in the market. 
Mark Parker: Sometimes the innovation is more overt and expressive and on the other hand simpler and more restrained. And we are seeing that consumer choice up and down that spectrum. The point really is that NIKE is I think ultimately better positioned with compelling choices across that spectrum. 
Mark Parker: And you will continue to see this flow of product continue through this next fiscal year of course. 
Andy Campion: Yes. I'll just add that obviously currency markets have become increasingly volatile over the past week. That said our expectations for fiscal year 2017 remain largely unchanged from a growth and profitability perspective. And that includes our best estimate based on the information that we have of late.
Andy Campion: Yes, obviously I can touch on that from a dimension perspective in terms of growth and Trevor can add some commentary on how he feels from brand and product and marketplace perspective. When you reflect on the fourth quarter for North America, I think it is important to note what I mentioned which is that the flat revenue growth was really more so a result of comparisons to prior year. We continue to see strong underlying momentum in the fundamentals that drive our growth and profitability. As you see in our futures orders, our futures orders are reflective of some of that. Dimensions, leading indicators in terms of consumer demand for the NIKE Brand such as nike.com grew 39% as I mentioned over the full year and actually north of 40% in Q4. So accelerated to some extent, so we continue to feel great about where we are going in terms of the transformation of that marketplace including through nike.com as well as through the relationship with our strategic wholesale partners and obviously how those dimensions capture growth relates back to the strong pipeline and product that Trevor and Mark touched on that we feel great about and are bringing to market currently. 
Andy Campion: Yes. As I touched on in our futures we are actually seeing seven percentage points of the growth coming from average gross selling price increase. Now that's obviously an aggregated number. Average gross selling price continues to expand, full price average gross selling price in a mid single digits in North America. We really view that as a factor of the innovation we are bringing and creating increasingly premium value for consumers. Running a more complete offense bringing premium value at every price point versus trading with end price points. And then frankly one of the things we've been very focused on as we've discussed is really that supply and demand management at the intersection of those as merchandizing with assortments that are increasingly selling through a whole price. 
Andy Campion: And Lindsay I'll just add that as we've discussed you have a couple of dimensions at the marketplace at a more macro level as Trevor talked about. The full price in line market and then the other dimensions where we do tend to address those inventory management efforts in NIKE factory stores and through third party value. The mix of that margin full price and half price obviously had a bit of an impact in Q4. And as I talked about will be part of the North America gross margin contraction in Q1. But as I noted, we expect gross margin to return to expansion in North America over the course of fiscal year 2017. So that's more of an answer to your question about how you see things normalizing. 
Andy Campion: Sure. I'll touch on Western Europe first. The fundamental underlying drivers of our margin are pretty consistent in Western Europe. Western Europe is seeing continued increases in average gross selling price. All of our geographies benefit from some of the efforts we are undertaking in our supply chain. So that would be our manufacturing initiatives which are beginning to have an impact. We saw an impact from those in fiscal year 2016 that increasingly material. Obviously, our long-term perspective is where we are most bullish but we have shifted from plant and pilot program to more proliferation of automation in our manufacturing in Asia as well as we've actually begun production on inline running product with Flex. So those initiatives and then coupled with impact such as lower oil on our input cost particularly materials. Those are the drivers of expansion in Western Europe. 
