Trevor Edwards: The piece that we continue to look at is the brand in China is extremely strong. And that's a piece that we have known for a while. As we went through the reset strategy, we wanted to be really focused on how to make sure that we could drive the Business. So, we're very mindful of the macroeconomic volatility in the marketplace. But we continue to really focus on the things that we can control which is how we continue to bring excitement to the marketplace and also continue to align the marketplace around our category offense and we're seeing success from that perspective. So, we saw growth in really all key categories from sportswear, to running, to basketball; we saw it in our wholesale and also in DTC. In DTC, our business actually grew 46% in DTC. And in our wholesale partner’s accounts, the stores that have been re-profiled, those doors actually continue to outperform the actual entire fleet, increasing both productivity and profitability. So, we feel very, very good about the business and we stay really focused on delivering, as I said, great product into the marketplace and really driving the category offense.
Trevor Edwards: I will speak to ours. We have a very healthy position in inventory, so we feel good about that. As I said, we continue to really monitor that and we put a lot of discipline in place as we went through the reset. And we continue to employ that discipline across the organization. So, we’re in good shape.
Trevor Edwards: As I think we discussed in the prepared remarks, the brand again in North America is very strong. And demand for our products continues to be very strong in the marketplace. What we're working through is the impact of the west coast port congestion from earlier this year. And what we have done is we have seen the actual flow of product from the port normalize. At the same time, we're working to efficiently clear the excess inventory to keep the in-line channel healthy. We also put on our own North American distribution center and we're working to actually put that capacity in place. That will be fully online. We expect both of those efforts to be complete by the end of Q3 and that is really where we’re around it. So, again, we continue to feel very confident about the Business in North America and this is obviously a very well-developed market where we have the ability to efficiently clear the inventory.
Trevor Edwards: Just jumping in there just to say, again, as you pointed out, we’re seeing great results out of Western Europe. It really goes back to the work that we did to reset the marketplace along the line of the category offense. We're seeing great growth in the territories. So, whether it's AGS which is Austria, Germany and Switzerland, southern Europe, UK and Ireland, as well as France, all of those territories are performing well. We're also seeing strong growth across the categories, from sportswear, basketball, to running. So, when you look at it from different dimensions, what we’re seeing is just strong demand in the marketplace and then we also continue to work with our wholesale partners to deliver the category offense in the marketplace and that's working real well. So, all the dimensions that we're seeing continue to point to just really strong demand, really strong positioning with our consumers and we've been able to really translate that into the Business.
Trevor Edwards: The Jordan brand continues to be a key part of our basketball strategy. And as you know, we don't actually report specifically the size of the Jordan business today. But what I can say is that we continue to see tremendous success in the marketplace. So, this summer, in Paris for example, the team was there really executing the anniversary of the Jordan business there. Michael actually went over there, as he's going to go over into Shanghai also. So, it's a sense of a global phenomenon that we’re seeing as really just driving great sell-through and just great demand for the products and the brand. At the same time, we see an opportunity around the training business which is where, as I think Mark spoke to which is we’re expanding the Business beyond basketball into the training segment. And so, that's another area that we continue to see opportunity and potential growth around the world.
Trevor Edwards: Again, our apparel business continues to strengthen. And we're seeing growth really across different segments within the category offense. So, for instance, our running business continues to be a great growth driver. Our sportswear business with our Tech Pack products just continue to be really successful. As you pointed out, we're also seeing great growth through our own DTC doors and also online which are really just key elements. And the other part that we do talk a lot about which is the women's business and so you are seeing great growth come from women's business. So, again, dimensionally, through the category offense, we’re able to really grow our apparel business, really across a broad spectrum of the marketplace. But it's driven by our ability to drive a complete offense through the category offense.
Trevor Edwards: I think as we said a number of times, we really view ourselves as being a better retailer so we can be a better wholesale partner. So, what we do is we actually drive what we call our integrated marketplace strategy. And that is a sense of working to differentiate the points of distribution through some of our wholesale partners, through some of the concepts that we have, whether it's House of Hoops with Foot Locker or it's the Chelsea Collective we're doing with The Finish Line. All of those are opportunities for us to provide really great different experiences there. When you go online, our Business continues to grow really at an accelerated rate. And certainly, we're seeing a dimension of the Business, particularly the women's business, is growing at a faster rate than our overall business and also our men's business. That's really where we really see just tremendous growth and that's how we differentiate. It's actually through the concepts that we actually do in the marketplace.
Mark Parker: And all I would add, Kate, is that as we work to expeditiously clear that inventory, you do see that impacting our Q2 gross margin guidance. That is just a near-term impact.
Mark Parker: Kate, from a supply chain perspective, obviously our manufacturing revolution initiatives we believe will create tremendous value for us over the long term. Those initiatives range from initiatives that are more evolutionary such as optimizing product costs, reducing waste, getting productivity enhancements through Lean and then as you touched on, automation to the more revolutionary initiatives like new methods of design and make and Flyknit is a great example of that. We're beginning to see some of the benefits of those initiatives in margin, but its early stages. We’re still very optimistic about those benefits over the long term.
Mark Parker: I will just quickly add, we're seeing incredible brand strength, too, across the major cities across Europe. And I think that is helping as well. The product that we've been introducing to the market has resonated -- sell-throughs are strong. Western Europe is a great example of a complete offense, not just the category offense working, but the complete offense. So, we really feel good about executing across the categories up and down the price point spectrum and across the major channels as well. e-commerce
Mark Parker: I want to add, Jordan is a tremendous brand globally. It's not just a subset of NIKE basketball. It's a stand-alone brand with tremendous potential to resonate beyond basketball as a category. So, it's largely been basketball-based and that will always be the core of the Jordan brand. With that though, we see tremendous opportunity to expand that brand, not just here in North America, but around the world.
Mark Parker: Clearly, the Olympics are a great sport moment for the world, but certainly for NIKE. These global events at this scale, the Olympics and the World Cup really stand above and beyond all sports events. And for us, there's an opportunity to really bring our best product, the best innovation, our best storytelling out, serve the athletes at the highest level. The expectations I think on NIKE are extraordinarily high, as they should be. I think this year we will not disappoint. I feel incredibly confident and excited, frankly, about the innovation pipeline, what's in the works, excited about sharing some of that later in the fiscal year with everyone, but I think this Olympics will be one of the best, if not really the best ever for NIKE. I've never seen an innovation pipeline so full and we will be ready. First and foremost, for the athletes but also the consumer and the shareholder, I think everybody is going to benefit from our performance at the Olympics.
Andy Campion: Omar, I will hit that question. First, in terms of demand creation, Q1, the biggest driver of what you saw in Q1 was comparisons to World Cup investment in the prior year. As we have spoken about in the past, there are some dynamics in SG&A across demand creation and operating overhead that have changed. Those aren't drivers of some of the impact in Q1. That's more along the lines of how we engage with consumers. I think we've spoken to you about that over time that how we engage with consumers now expands into things that fall into that line item operating overhead. In terms of SG&A, as you know, we look to deliver modest SG&A leverage over the long term. But in any given period, our actual investment may be higher or lower. Our guidance for this year reflects continuing to make investments in consumer engagement that we believe drive great returns from a revenue and margin perspective. One example of that would be in nike.com. We're also continuing to make infrastructure investments that we believe are required to support the growth that we're delivering and we're delivering on a consistent basis. And at the same time, enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. We’re also increasing the productivity of our existing resources and infrastructure. So, we do see greater productivity going forward and currently from our existing resources. That does add, as you noted, potentially to profit expansion; it also gives us greater capacity to invest strategically.
Andy Campion: Yes, a couple things. The headline from a revenue perspective is we do see strong demand around the globe. You see that reflected in our futures. I did note in my remarks and I will reiterate it, that our futures are weighted more heavily toward the back half of the window. As for our full-year expectations, I think I also noted but just to reiterate it, our outlook is slightly improved. It's just that from a reported basis, our guidance is still squarely within that mid-single digit range.
Andy Campion: Sure, I'll take that one, Lindsay. In the first quarter -- we do not report that number at this stage, but in the first quarter, our pricing increases were about what you have seen over the recent quarters. So, we continue to see average gross selling price growing in the low to mid-single digit range. You see that in our futures. So, that is also a proxy for that rate. The way we think about pricing, I think we start first with the consumer. Our approach is to enhance the price value equation for consumers with innovation, design, inspiration and increasingly, service, that expands that average gross selling price. We have not seen any resistance to that from consumers overall. Certainly within our broad portfolio there are greater opportunities than in other areas. But we've seen consumers demonstrate a willingness to trade up for the innovation, design, inspiration and service that we're bringing.
Andy Campion: I'm not sure that we did. But comp-store sales in North America were low-single digits in the quarter.
Andy Campion: I think your inference is correct. The flow of inventory can impact revenue growth at the store level, certainly in the near term. Obviously, as we work to expeditiously clear some inventory that will also impact margin.
Andy Campion: We’re actually seeing very common trends. And by trends I don't mean fleeting, I mean long-term trends, across the globe. We’re proud of the gross margin expansion that we have delivered consistently over the past several years and we believe we can sustain those longer term and that's not only with respect to select markets, that's really a reflection of our strategy. Our strategy is to bring innovation to the product and to be premium overall and premium at every price point. So, no, there are not unique factors relative to any particular market. We're continuing to see great demand at these prices which we feel great about because it's reflective of what we're bringing to the product.
Andy Campion: In reaction to what's going on from a foreign exchange perspective, not directly. The way we think about it is, we’re very well positioned to deliver growth and profitability, all in, under a wide range of circumstances, including FX volatility. We have a very sophisticated foreign exchange risk management program and a trading company structure that afford us the time to plan fully and strategically execute the same way we would absent the volatility. It gives us time to do that and to stay on strategy. So, not directly related, of course, in certain inflationary markets, that can have an impact on price. But no, not directly correlated to foreign exchange.
