John Donahoe: Sure, Alexandra. In a funny way, I would characterize this investment in these new doors as a continued investment in our digital future. And we look at everything through the eyes of the consumer. And consumers as you know are becoming accustomed to getting what they want, when they want it, how they want it, right? And this pandemic is really demonstrates a shift toward digital being at the center of everything they do. But they want modern and seamless experiences. They don't necessarily just want to buy digitally and have it shipped from home, you're seeing during the pandemic and we believe it will continue. They want to buy it on their digital device and go pick it up in the store, or with soft goods like apparel, they may want to reserve it online and try it on in the store. They may want to be in a store and buy something that is not in the store because of inventory. And the associate uses a digital device to buy it and get shipped home. And so consumers increasingly want a consistent, seamless physical and digital experience. And so that's what we're committed to providing and we're committed to providing those through; first and foremost, our own digital capabilities, as well as our own digital stores, both factory or I'm sorry, own physical stores factory and direct. A very important piece of this is our strategic partners, our strategic wholesale partners we envision having fewer of them, but focusing on those that will share our vision of providing a seamless experience a consist seamless experience with physical points of presence. And then we think there's an incremental opportunity in the market and a need to provide a mono brand experience, particularly around women's and apparel. We have actually seen this firsthand in China. As you know, in China with a relatively modest investment, there are mono brand stores that dramatically upscale how we serve consumers. I've had a chance to see this firsthand. During my first weeks at Nike in China, [indiscernible] long for to get back out on the road, get back out in the markets, get back out with consumers. That's coming again, I know. But I got to see firsthand the power of those mono brand stores. And so we'll be opening somewhere between 150 and 200 new stores, there'll be small footprint, digitally enabled mono brand stores in North America and EMEA. We have been testing this format with Nike Life and have a great understanding of how to best deliver this experience. And so we will proceed ahead this year with more tests and learn examples of it and scale it through the next couple of years. And again, to be clear, we believe this is incremental to what's in the market today. It's complimentary to what we are already doing and our partners are doing. And at the end of the day, we believe that Nike owned physical and digital working hand in hand with our key partners online and offline, we can create OneNike marketplace that meet the demand of consumers now and in the future.
John Donahoe: That Tokyo store inventory driven by consumer demand, digital demand is constantly changing based on what's moving. So it's a great example of a digitally connected future.
John Donahoe: Omar, the first thing I'd say is the category offense is working, right? And triple double makes complete sense and our growth drivers are spot-on. And they were working, frankly, when we came into the pandemic. And the pandemic, in many ways was a stress test for them. And it really proved that our current strategy is working. So what we're talking about here is how do we take -- how do we take what might have taken us three to five years to make it happen in two. And we think there is some pretty fundamental shifts in consumer behavior that give us this opportunity to accelerate our progress. One shift is digital, right? As I said a minute ago, digital is now fundamental and central to everything consumers do. And we are the clear leader in digital, we'll double down on that. The second I just talked about was the marketplace of the future, right, where we believe we can drive for OneNike marketplace with our own capabilities and those of our partners. But third, and directly your question is, aligning our organization against, A) a more simple construct of men's, women's and kids, but also ones that help us unlock what we think are great growth opportunities, right? Women's apparel, kids and frankly, the emerging health and wellness of the opportunity. So this is not to be crystal clear not abandoning the consumer direct offense. This is accelerating it and refining it so that we're more directly connected to the biggest opportunities. Like women's, great example women's, we have less than 10% of the women's apparel market in the U.S. Women's grew this quarter, two times the rate of men. And this will allow us to align our organization and focus our resources more directly on that opportunity, as well as on others. And so we view it as an acceleration and I think will result in more directly connecting and building deep consumer relationships which will result in higher growth market share. And as Matt said in his remarks, we believe also, this is also healthy for profitability.
John Donahoe: Erinn, this gets to membership and why we think membership is at the center of everything we do. And if you think about it, in simple terms, membership is a big word but in my mind it breaks down three simple things. Do we have a one-on-one relationship, an identified one-on-one relationship with a consumer? Can we increase our level of engagement with that consumer in value-added ways? And then, does that increased engagement lead to greater retention and share of wallet if there are other purchases? And in terms of acquiring new members in a quarter we had a phenomenal quarter, 25 million new members registered that's up over 100%. Half those came from our activity apps and half the new members were women, which is a very encouraging sign. And then, those new members and our existing members were highly engaged, particularly around Nike Training Club, Nike Running Club, our Sneakers App. The stats are just -- I think I listed a few of my remarks and Matt did, but NTC weekly active users which is a really important metric, because someone may only buy footwear and apparel a few times a year, but engaging with us each week maybe even each day brings Nike into their lives and so we grew weekly active users triple digits in the quarter, 25 million workouts with women alone in Q4 and that which is -- and so we think the activity levels and the engagement's growing. And then it's really clear that increased engagement leads to increased purchases. And so the Nike commerce app saw triple-digit growth in both downloads and monthly active buyers, as well as the Sneakers app over $1 billion in first time use. And so directly connecting with consumers, engaging them with our powerful portfolio of activity apps, and then translating that into the kind of both digital and online and offline relationships where they purchase more is kind of core to the strategy that the OneNike marketplace, if you will, is designed to address that direct need.
John Donahoe: Bob, we are so happy that basketball is going to be back. We just want someone wearing a Nike uniform to win. We feel pretty good about that prediction.
John Donahoe: And I may just to add a little bit of color on that. The week before last, I had a chance to go out and visit our teams in Memphis along with Andy Campion. By the way, Andy's not on the earnings call any more, but he's working full-time as our COO on just what Matt was talking about, doing a great job. And Andy, Venky and I went out and saw our teams in Memphis and got to see this adapt facility that Matt talked about. It was initially constructed to serve wholesale, but has now been completely redeployed to serve direct-to-consumer. And I think, Matt, you referenced the power of data, right, the power of that Celect acquisition where advanced analytics and demand sensing capabilities can allow us to get the right product as close to the consumer in the right time which offers enormous efficiency opportunities, right? And by the way, that's a scale gain and that's going to allow us to build scale that others won't be able to match and we want to share that scale with our wholesale partners and others as we embrace this. And so it was really great to see that team and they've done a phenomenal job as their counter parts in Europe and in China.
John Donahoe: And embracing the great wholesale partners that we think will be the real winners along with us and partnering as close as we can with them to build that marketplace of the future.
Matt Friend: And I might just jump in Alex and say that, as John mentioned, we've been testing the Nike Life concept. We started in Melrose in Southern California. We've opened a store in Long Beach and in Glendale. We've also been testing the concept in Shibuya in Tokyo. And in the first half of the year, we intend to ship to Nike owned doors in New York to the Life concept. And as we've continued to test the concept, we've been testing the assortment, we've been testing member engagement, we're seeing that members engage more frequently. It's serving to help us retain members. And so as John mentioned, this is why we see this as being a catalyst to digital growth having local stores that members can engage with.
Matt Friend: Yes. And Omar, I would just add to the category offenses has enabled us to sharpen our focus on performance sport and the lifestyle of sport. And this shift is going to enable us to specialize and get deeper insights to the performance category. And the lifestyle sport categories through the gender lens. And so if you think about it from innovation to the way we create products or the way we bring it to market, we believe that this is an opportunity to move from insight to innovation and creating products specifically for the consumer, and ensuring that we did it to market the way that we intended, when we captured the insight and created the product, which we believe will accelerate growth against these big long-term opportunities.
Matt Friend: Well, Matt, the way I would answer your question is that our long-term financial model has always been principled. And it starts with creating value for the consumer which then translates into creating business value and ultimately value for the shareholders and our focus is on creating sustainable profitable long-term growth. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the shift to digital is financially accretive to Nike, and we believe that this will be an enabler for us to sustain that momentum longer term. In the near-term or in any given period, obviously, we deal with foreign currency, we deal with anomalies that can have an impact on an interim period, but we're very confident in how this strategy will enable us to sustain that growth long-term. What I would tell you because you asked the question about investment. We've been this quarter in particular was indicative of an opportunity for us where we managed SG&A very tightly but we actually accelerated investment the way we needed to, to enable our employees to work-from-home, to enable digital demand, to do the things that we needed to do in order to be able to accommodate the environment in which we're operating. And as we look to the future while we will accelerate investment against the areas that I referenced, we also see equal opportunity for us to shift resources that sit in our P&L in legacy forms which we can redeploy against the future, and so that's going to be our focus as we look toward the future. We will be investing but we're going to accommodate it within the confines of our existing financial model.
Matt Friend: Sure, Bob. As you know, Nike has always tried to carefully manage supply and demand, and as a premium brand, we maintain our premium nature because we try to optimize a full-price marketplace across our channels season after season after season. And so when the pandemic hit it became clear that there was going to be excess inventory for a period of time. And we pulled many of the levers that we have at our disposal in order to be aggressive in addressing this issue. And in particular, we said our first and primary principle was to get inventory clean in the marketplace as fast as we possibly can. And so we now feel confident based upon the actions that we've taken that we will have inventory right-sized and clean by Q2 or in Q2. And in China, as I referenced, given they faced the pandemic a little bit earlier, they're going to clear and come out of the situation from an inventory perspective by the end of June. And so we feel very good about the actions that we've taken. To your point, the marketplace is more promotional. We have shifted more units of liquidation through our factory store fleet because that's a brand-right way for us to liquidate our inventory at a higher profitability level. But, we are also seeing some discounting that's happening across the marketplace but our discounting is less than what we're seeing across the broader marketplace, and our strong brand and our consumer connection is causing us to liquidate and move through inventory faster than what we are seeing across the rest of the marketplace. And so through the first three weeks of June as I referenced, we feel like we're on track against this plan or we are on track against this plan and are confident that we're going to be positioned for the consumer and for the market in the second half of the year.
Matt Friend: Sure, Jay. So I'm incredibly proud of our teams that work in our global operation and logistics because they delivered no small feat in the quarter, increasing the amount of volume that we could ship by 3x in North America and EMEA without much of an increase in cost on a per-unit basis. And the reason why they could do that is because our current distribution capabilities are omni-channel, which means we can ship to wholesale customers, our factory stores and to digital and that enabled us to be agile in the moment to increase our digital demand fulfillment. As we look forward, I mentioned that we're going to be investing in a new facility on the West Coast of the U.S. in order to be able to fulfill demand through holiday. And we expect that we will continue to invest in regional service centers in order to be able to fulfill demand closer to the consumer. But we've also enabled buy online pick up in-store and ship-from-store from our stores which will also be a way that we fulfill demand closer to the consumer. So I guess a long way of saying that we feel confident that we can continue to meet this digital demand and our team continues to be able to expand capacity without it compromising our cost per-unit. In fact, they continue to do what they can to mitigate cost per-unit and we believe it's a long-term opportunity for us as well.
