Mark Parker: First of all you have to recognize that Nike has about a $650 million golf business, which as you know like the rest of the broader golf market has really been among the most impacted or probably hardest hit segments of our business, particularly in this economic environment over the past year. That said, I want to quickly add that we feel very good about how we’re managing our golf business through this period and our position in the broader golf market and then certainly with our confidence in our growth potential going forward.  The only thing I’ll say right now about Tiger is that we all know that he’s chosen to step away from the game and out of respect for his time and space he needs, that he’s asked for, we’ll respect that and we’ll continue to support Tiger and his family as we of course look forward to his return. 
Mark Parker: I want to add that we’ve taken a very proactive role in resetting Nike apparel in the marketplace. We feel very good as Charlie said about the progress that we’ve made but I’ll also add that the productivity per style has gone way up. We’ve done I think an excellent job in reducing the numbers of styles and then increasing the productivity per style. And as well I think the opportunity beyond the Nike brand and looking at the other brands in the portfolio for apparel growth remain very strong. So feel good about the path that we’re on to really optimize the potential of that, those other parts of the portfolio with regards to the apparel business. 
Mark Parker: First of all I just want to remind you, everybody I guess, that our relationships, the relationships we have with athletes with teams, are really critical in developing the insights that we need to fuel the product innovation that really distinguishes us in the marketplace and ultimately the overall business performance of the company.  That’s hopefully been loud and clear in terms of our messages through many, many years but this is a strategy, it works, its helping Nike win and continue to win in the marketplace, not just over this last year but over this last 37, 38 years and I think its one that will continue to help us extend our leadership as a company.  I will say that we continue to also look at the or consider the economics of these decisions that we make with regards to sports marketing as we do frankly all of our investments and the reality is that we participate in an open market and along with all the dynamics that go with that process. So ultimately we make those decisions based on the opportunity we believe we have to drive the brand, the strength of the brand, the business and ultimately shareholder value.  And I can tell you that that will certainly not change. 
Mark Parker: First of all footwear ASPs are up both US and worldwide. So the answer to that is yes. The second question China demand creation the answer is yes, that was a fairly low level last year. So we’re a little bit more on the normalized pattern now. 
Mark Parker: No we are, if you compare it to where we were last year, we’ve obviously not putting as many stores in as I answered on the previous question, we are still putting in new stores but not at the pace that it was last year and as we said, we do believe there’s opportunities both in the top tier and the lower tier cities.  And then the third question I think was with regard to World Cup impact on Nike brand and Umbro, obviously from a percentage standpoint Umbro is a one category business in football so they tend to be a little bit more focused on events as opposed to the overall impact on the Nike brand.  But as an absolute dollar basis obviously the Nike brand business is far larger and that has a much more significant impact for Nike Inc. in the brand side. 
Mark Parker: Umbro has a strong history and heritage in the sport, obviously that we’ll be continuing to leverage as part of the effort around World Cup. They have a strong performance position and then of course we’re going to be leveraging the sportswear side of that as well. So I think some sizable opportunity around Umbro as a brand, as a business, leading up to and then through the World Cup. 
Mark Parker: Part of our strength as a brand is the level of consumer experience that we create at retail and I will say that our ability to bring all of what we have to bare on the market on the consumer has gotten so much better as we focused on this direct to consumer part of our business.  I’ve said consistently that being a better retailer is going to make us a better wholesale partner and force us to actually elevate our game in some critical pieces of our business. And I can tell you very confidently that the improvements that we’re making to make ourselves a better retailer are definitely benefiting our ability to not only manage our own retail but be a better retail partner, better manage the marketplace and really make Nike a better company.  
Charlie Denson: I think, well the World Cup will certainly have a big influence on Western and Central and Eastern Europe for that matter as well as key markets around the world for the second half. I think we’re seeing some very positive signs around the build up to the World Cup. I think somebody mentioned that obviously the South Africa business is very healthy and alive and benefiting from that as you would expect.  But I really feel good about our position as we go into this second half and you’re going to see a pretty aggressive approach to that business from us starting in probably Q4 and working all the way through the actual event that starts June 11 and ends July 11. So we feel pretty good about it and I think the event itself is going to be a success.  I think South Africa is ready and with that being the same time zone as Western and Central Europe the ability to stay connected to the event for that Western European marketplace, it’s a big advantage so its almost like a home team event for them as far as the time and ability to stay connected. 
Charlie Denson: We’re not expecting a large inventory build up. I think you’ll see maybe some of it that might be a point in time depending on deliveries but we’re not anticipating any large build up. We feel pretty good about our order position going in and would expect it to stay relatively consistent. I think one of the other things that I would just point out with regards to the inventory performance because I think there’s been some questions of whether we could be maybe under inventoried at this point and maybe that’s what you’re alluding to, I would say that right now one of the big benefits of our inventory management strategies has been to narrow down some of our product lines and creating a lot more productivity out of the SKU management that we’ve been doing as well.  So I wouldn’t expect to see anything out of the ordinary. 
Charlie Denson: We’re very, again we’re very pleased with the progress we’re making in apparel. Obviously much harder hit as a segment than footwear around the world and we believe we’ve actually navigated it very well. I think we feel much better about the qualitative position of the apparel. Our quality has improved, the overall performance has improved, I believe our average price per unit is up.  Our inventories are down dramatically and our performance apparel which is obviously the cornerstone to what we do from a brand standpoint has continued to improve as we pointed out some of the Pro Combat executions here in the United States as well as in Europe around the sport of football.  So I’m very cautiously bullish on our apparel position. Certainly has a ways to go in that marketplace, is still cleaning itself up overall as an industry. 
Charlie Denson: I think one of the big advantages in the lower tier cities is your cost. Shanghai, Guangzhou and Beijing represent a fairly consistent with a global retail environment and your cost bases are much higher. I think in the other cities you’re looking at lower operating costs which enable us to continue to move forward at a relatively healthy pace. And as you continue to see an economic development or the “emerging middle class” move further and further west that just represents another large opportunity for us as we look at China as one of the biggest growth opportunities in the portfolio over the next three to five years. 
Charlie Denson: I think you hit all three points, and I think its an emerging trend towards a more stable marketplace. But I think that the things that you did mention are all playing factors in the performance of that Western European geography. I think that group has done a great job of really dealing with inventory management through the last nine to 12 months.  As we talked the footwear business is very stable, still seeing apparel weak and that still will represent a pretty large opportunity for us I think over the next 12 to 18 months hopefully but I think the three points that you raised are all playing factors and playing roles in the health of that overall business. 
Charlie Denson: Overall we’ve seen, well the numbers speak for themselves, the US business is still down I think 4% and our futures are at 4% so still a relatively challenging environment. We’ve talked over the last couple of calls about the strength of the brand and some of the share gains that we’ve had. I think as we’ve outperformed the marketplace so to speak, when you start to look at the overall performance of the market versus retail I think Mark alluded to the fact of our online business being very strong. We’re seeing it as we come into the holiday period our outlet store program is driving a lot of our positive results for all the obvious reasons I think and I think that we’ve done a much better job this year in both merchandising and putting the right inventory into those stores as a distribution channel.  And then I think that when you talk about the inline stores, the Nike Towns and some of those things the thing that we’ve very encouraged with is the high end and the value that we’re seeing, continuing to see in the high end of the marketplace driven by innovation. And the overall gross margin performance in those stores.  So when you add it all together we’re comfortable with where we’re at with the US business. We feel really about the quality of the business that we’re delivering right now and as the US economy continues to stabilize and hopefully returns to a growth position we’re in a great position to take advantage of it. 
Charlie Denson: Yes, we’re seeing some, cautiously optimistic would be a reference that I use rather often these days.  
Charlie Denson: So the branded piece of the business which is driven primarily from performance, feel very good about it and actually feel very positive with that on a worldwide basis. We talked about that over that last couple of calls. We continue to innovate. I think your reference to branded license is actually the license business that we have around our college programs and our club programs in Europe and football, that remains pretty steady throughout the time period.  Obviously we continue to see relatively the same amount of participation in that area on the field and then off the field the fan wear piece of it remains to pretty strong. We had another fantastic year in college football here in the US, I think we’ve got 46 of the 68 bowl teams and I think we had 22 out of the top 25 programs this year. So again a very strong performance here in the USA. I think the license business the kid’s business in Europe around football has been solid and then as we ramp up towards World Cup, we’ll see a little bit of an uptick in those numbers for Q4. And then as far as the lifestyle business continues to be different almost everywhere in the world but I collectively would say that its probably down overall as you would expect as we’ve talked about the footwear business has not been nearly as impacted as the apparel business and the lifestyle apparel business has probably been more impacted than the performance side of the business. 
Charlie Denson: On a global basis that market, its, the definition of that market gets a little squirrely but I think from a performance standpoint when you look at the overall marketplace you’re probably pushing somewhere between, you’re probably pushing close to $10 billion at retail worldwide, if you include footwear, apparel and equipment. I think the big opportunity that we see is the opportunity to bring lifestyle to football and vise versa.  And you’re going to see a very impactful part of our presentation for World Cup as we move closer including some of the lifestyle components of the business. 
Charlie Denson: We are in some ways approaching it in a very traditional sense where our focus is around performance and some of the new products that you will see launched as we get closer to the event. I will just say that I am very excited about it at this point. And then I think in the maybe the non-traditional sense I think some of the connectivity and activity that we have going on with regards to consumer connectivity both on the ground and digitally will be new and exciting and so I think you’ll get a chance to see some of that from the Nike brand standpoint. I think with regards to Umbro, certainly they are focusing most of their efforts around the English team which by some reports would be believed to be one of the better teams that the English have fielded in quite some time and there is quite a buzz around that potential opportunity and I think Umbro is looking to leverage that as a big part of their approach to World Cup. 
Charlie Denson: I think, I’ll speak for the Nike brand specifically as we’ve said retail will become a bigger and bigger part of our arsenal and our offense. That being said, a healthy marketplace is the most important thing in managing the brand at retail and then our ability to bring the brand together in ways that may be partnership retail is not as equipped to do, we believe plays a large role in the overall long-term growth of the brand.  And so we’ll continue to look for locations throughout the world in the key shopping districts, the high profile locations as well as the higher performing locations. So its going to continue to be a very important part of what we do. 
Don Blair: While we usually don’t get into quantifying all the drivers but as I said some of the key elements of gross margin for the quarter were that we definitely are seeing positive benefit for in line product costs, that’s both a combination of the work we’ve been doing around lean manufacturing and raw materials consolidation as well as some of the benefits we’re getting from raw materials and freight costs.  So its both how we’re managing the supply chain as well as some of the macroeconomic factors, that’s an upside. We are seeing some increased discounting. Its not to the level it was earlier in the year but we’re still up year on year as we continue to work to move through inventories on a pretty expeditious basis. And foreign exchange is a moderating negative is the way I would frame that. It was a negative impact for Q2, its getting better than Q1 and we expect over the balance of the year its actually going to turn the other way. So as we gave on the guidance we expect Q3 to be up slightly and then Q4 to be up more significantly.  With respect to futures, there is definitely a strengthening trend in the back half of the window and it does reflect the sequential improvement in the seasonal futures. 
Don Blair: Your first question there regarding decline in square footage, that’s not the way we see that. We’ve certainly been adding stores pretty consistently over the last several years. The growth in the last, this fiscal year is less than last fiscal year and the ramp up to the Olympics, but we’re still adding store space and so we’re still seeing a net increase in square footage and number of doors.  With respect to where that is we still do believe there’s some growth opportunity in the higher tier cities, Beijing, Shanghai, [Guangzhou], but we’re increasingly focused on the other cities where we are less penetrated and we think there’s additional opportunity. So I think going forward there’s certainly is going to be a lot more distribution in those lower tier cities. 
Don Blair: I just wanted to add one more thing with respect to the retail performance, obviously one of the things that many retailers face is tough traffic comparisons but one of the things driving our retail performance is actually better execution. Our conversion has been better, our product flow has been a lot better and as a result those retail stores are performing better operationally which is driving a lot of the growth. 
Don Blair: Yes, the fourth quarter will be more spending and larger growth because of those two initiatives among others in the demand creation space. So if you look back to last year that’s a lower base and we do have a fairly significant investment in initiatives this year. We will have some spending around World Cup in Q3.
Don Blair: Your first question was with respect to apparel and you were asking about performance versus sportswear apparel—
Don Blair: In the United States which is the really the most material piece of business the in line business was down low double-digits, so still in the negative space but significantly improved versus where it had been say last quarter. The outlet business up and driving higher comp store numbers and I talked about some of the operational drivers a minute ago. And then as far as gross margin guidance is concerned, at this point I wouldn’t want to give guidance past this year. We’ll certainly get to that as we get into the next couple of quarterly calls. 
Don Blair: First of all some of these trade barriers, there are some explicit ones and some implicit ones. Certainly the explicit ones have started to have an impact but not material to Nike Inc. I’m using an example such as the Brazilian tariff on imported footwear. We also always work through delays at customs and so far while those things certainly slow us down and do effect some elements of the supply chain they really have not yet been material. But as far as just long-term obviously making sure that we have a free flowing trade environment is very important to us and we are in a constant dialogue with various governments around the world to try to maintain that flow. 
Christopher Svezia: I guess my first question is just on the US business, I was wondering if maybe you can just talk about the divergence between your direct to consumer business and the strength you’re seeing there at retail versus obviously the, on the wholesale end of the business, given the [stock] revenues were down in North America, in apparel you’re obviously seeing some signs of improvement. Basketball, you saw some strength obviously in the Jordan business. Is it running, maybe if you could just talk about, I know everyone is managing inventories pretty well, but just your thoughts about the US piece of the business and the divergence you saw in the quarter. 
Christopher Svezia: When you look at the futures and the backlog trends in the US marketplace is it fair to say that you’re encouraged at least by an improving trend as you look to spring and summer. I think you made the references about China obviously you’re seeing nice improvement there, but you’re also seeing it on the US side of the business as well. 
Christopher Svezia: When you talk about the SG&A spend in the second half of the year being up low double-digits I think you said, is it fair to say that obviously in the third quarter less of an increase relative to the fourth quarter and I guess fourth quarter is a combination of World Cup and the Fresh Air campaign or is the Fresh Air campaign start in Q3. Maybe if you could maybe just talk about the variability between the two quarters if you could. 
