Don Blair: Well, first of all, we have seen as I said earlier some improving performance in our retail stores and also our wholesale partners are doing better. And I think when we get more productive and profitable in those retail spaces that raises profitability for everybody. So our objective here is to make sure that the marketplace is as compelling for the consumers as possible and that we are generating productivity and profitability at the retail space and we are confident that when we do that both we and our retailers will be making more money.
Don Blair: Well, first of all, one thing to bear in mind is there is three things that drive the FX impact on the company, one of them is gross margin. As you know we sell product in many currencies around the world. We buy product in a variety of currencies now probably about two-thirds U.S. dollar, about a third other currencies at this point, but that’s one area of FX exposure. And we did have headwinds in Q3, we actually think the headwinds in Q4 a little stronger, but at this stage we’ve been doing a really good job I think of putting as Trevor said earlier premium products in the marketplace taking price on a surgical basis. So we think we can continue to expand margin but the headwinds are actually getting a little stronger in Q4. The second impact is on translation of profitability. And at this stage we’re even if we stay where we’re today on exchange rates we’re going to have a built-in devaluation versus where we were for the fourth quarter last year. So there will be ongoing pressure for translation and that will continue until we anniversary the major devaluation. So for most of FY ’15 we’ll see that headwind as well. And then the third piece has to do with translation of balance sheet items in various countries around the world. And certainly the Argentine peso and the ruble were fairly significant drags from that this year. I think that as long as the currency stays roughly where they are that one should over time ease off but at this stage it’s hard to tell. But I guess what I would step back from the whole question of currency and go back to one of Mark’s comments which is when you operate in 190 countries this sort of volatility is something that goes with the territory. We have a large number of levers in our business to manage that helps us offset the pieces of the equation we can’t manage. And I think our track record of delivering consistent growth even in periods of time where we’ve got macroeconomic headwinds tells you that we can continue to do that.
Don Blair: And I think Warren Buffett’s billion dollars are probably safe. I don’t know if anybody is going to get the brackets exactly right.
Don Blair: And with respect to Russia, Robby, I mean right now we have not yet seen any impact to our business. Obviously we’re hoping that, that solution, that a resolution comes to that situation peacefully and right now we’re focused on the things we can control which is making sure we connect with our consumers and make sure we provide them with innovative products. I think in terms of that business for us it’s less than 25% of our CEE business. So at this stage we think that whatever happens there we’ll obviously be able to manage it across our portfolio.
Don Blair: Okay. So with respect to broad outline we’re really at this stage at the preliminary stages. We would expect to see over time expansion of gross margin, how much of it, obviously depends upon a lot of variables many of which are not sales yet including FX. So at this stage I’m not ready to tell you a number of points that I think FX would be, what I can tell you is that when we look at the devaluation we saw in FY ‘14 and the fact that you have to anniversary that in FY ‘15 it will be a drag. The question of how much is going to depend upon where the numbers actually fall out by geography, by territory and where the currency exchange rates go.
Don Blair: Yes. I wouldn’t want to get into that level of granularity just yet. What I would say is just to go back to the conversations we had at the Analyst Day and what we talked about in our last few calls we do believe that this is manufacturing revolution is going to be both impactful from a consumer standpoint in terms of the products and innovations we deliver to the market and how responsive we are as well as the cost. At this point I’m not ready to talk about an impact for FY ‘15.
Don Blair: Well I think it depends on your outlook for what you think the economy is going. I mean certainly as we talked about earlier we manage these individual businesses, we’re looking at the consumer value equation. So we’re focused on the inflation in a particular market. We obviously are looking at our deployments of demand creation and so on. But in general terms if we believe that the market over the long-haul is going to be healthy and in most of these markets we believe well and we’re going to see expansion of the middle class. We’re going to be continuing to build our business and connect with consumers and deliver innovative product. Certainly from a financial management standpoint we’re going to try to minimize the amount of cash relieved in those markets, we’re going to minimize the level of receivables and so on. So financial management absolutely is driven by where we see the currency is going. From a business standpoint sometimes these difficult times in emerging markets there are opportunities for us to gain ground. I mean the last time Argentina went through a financial issue number of years ago we actually remained committed to that market, we built our business and we took a lot of market share.
Don Blair: Well there’s certainly is an impact, but what I would direct you to is the conversation we had about where the growth and revenue is coming from as well as the growth in futures, we are seeing growth across categories around the world. So running is up, women’s training is up, we are seeing great results as Trevor said earlier from basketball. So certainly, global football is a major driver here as it always is for this sort of event, but we are seeing growth very broadly across categories.
Don Blair: And Dave, I would say from an investment standpoint I just wanted to make the point that I think to the conversation that we just had from Mark, there is a lot more opportunity and we are not even close to the end of this. And what I would also point out is that a lot of this investment will be made in partnership with our factory group. So you won’t see all of this investment on our books. In fact, in many cases, the factory partners are going to make most of this investment. We are really the drivers of the innovation, the catalyst for this, so where – we have got a long list of opportunities ahead of us.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, it’s great question. Basketball clearly is continuing to become much more of global sport. I think the fact that more people have a chance to see the sport all around the world obviously watch the NBA with the great players that we have from Kobe, LeBron, KD, I think people are having the chance to really experience how those players are just keeping the excitement in the marketplace. In terms of how we continue to manage the launch, we manage everything pretty much from a global perspective we will sometimes put in very specific products in some local markets like in China, which we will launch in specials in China. But across the board we tend to run the – our offense globally. In terms of in the future we continue to feel that the consumers are becoming increasingly excited about the sport and we look at basketball as a tremendous growth opportunity and all the work that we’re doing with Foot Locker, the House of Hoops, the work that we’re doing in our DTC stores are really helping to solidify the marketplace.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. On the pricing strategy I think we talked about this once before where we continue to say that our pricing strategy really centers on ensuring that we have the right price value relationship with the consumer. One of the things that our focus on innovation really does is it gives us great credence as we bring more products into the marketplace and have new innovations. You also have the strength of our brand which allows us to command a premium price and so we continue to drive the business from that perspective. The third zone that we continue to do is we continue to really look at pricing within the context of a particular marketplace and make sure that we’re managing based on the market dynamics. What we’re seeing is an increase in move towards premium products, a lot of our consumers are seeing our premium lines and they’ve been very excited about them. So certainly what we’ve seen in the sportswear Tech Pack in our sportswear lines, what we’ve seen in our performance lines is the same thing. So we’ve really seen limited resistance towards continue to bring premium into the marketplace but it’s really based on given that consumer clear value.
Trevor Edwards: I’ll take the last part of that question, first. Your guess is as good as mine. No, no, I say that in a respect way, I think we have around 49 teams out of the 68 teams. So we’re obviously – that continues to shift as the tournament goes on. But clearly the great thing about March Madness in those movements is that they provide an incredible platform to create excitement in the marketplace and drive demand. So to the earlier question actually those are some of the things that I think that continue to create excitement and allow us to continue to leverage our opportunity. And we’re seeing those things continue to go global. So yes we’ll – I hate to try and bet on exactly who wins, but as I would say the more hope the more business so we’ll take it from that perspective.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. First on – just on young athletes, our young athletes business actually is doing incredibly well. We’re just seeing an increase of consumers and certainly working with our retail partners, have just clear access to young athlete’s products. Part of that strategy also comes very much in line with what we’re seeing around our basketball category and our performance categories, where the consumers are so they find similar products. So we’re seeing an incredible growth really coming from the same sort of statement items that we’ve created in the adult category. So our ability to leverage those great items makes the difference. Also in the United States we’re also working specifically around with the Kids Foot Locker around the Nike Fly Zone where we’re able to bring new concepts into the marketplace that gives the consumers more access. And then the third zone would be dotcom business we’re seeing a continued growth of consumers coming to dotcom and looking for young athlete products. So all-in-all it’s been a very strong quarter but going forward we’re very bullish about the young athletes business because it just continues to grow not only in North America but really around the world.
Trevor Edwards: And I would just say that we feel obviously great about our football business and the potential as we head into the World Cup. Futures are up double-digits, revenues up double-digits, we are launching a great array of products into the marketplace. So we are super excited about the opportunity that the World Cup represents, but not only in markets like Brazil or just the emerging markets, but really all around the world. It’s a tremendous platform for us to continue to grow the business.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. On China, I think the part that we clearly can say is that the reset strategy that we have put in place is working and we are obviously very encouraged by the results that we are seeing in the marketplace. As I think Don sort of pointed to we are very focused on driving both profitability and productivity at retail. What we have been able to do in our own stores is to continue to drive a premium position in the marketplace that is based on performance and then amplified through our sportswear lines. And that combination is driving a better mix in the stores that is leading to a much more profitable business. We are also across the marketplace we are narrowing the amount of categories that we focused on, which is allowing us to go deeper to make sure that we have the right size curves in the marketplace. So the team is working very specifically down to the granular details to really help us build a better foundation for long-term growth in the marketplace by making sure that we are driving against the right operational metrics, but also delivering against the consumers specifically around what the consumer wants in China.
Mark Parker: I would also add that the technology and the style that we’re bringing to basketball both in Nike and Jordan are really resonating with consumers around the world. So we’re just seeing an uptake in popularity in the category for all the reasons that Trevor mentioned, but also I think from a design and innovation standpoint.
Mark Parker: I think there is also an opportunity to actually take that premium product in that position and that style and that innovation down in the product line as well to create that we like to call are complete offense. So we’re setting the tone I think at the top. We’re not seeing any resistance at all from consumers, I think the product is really resonating and I think we can continue to do a better job of actually leveraging some of that style and innovation down throughout the whole product line.
Mark Parker: Yes. It’s really a case of focusing on the fundamentals, executing the merchandising, the product flow, the assortment planning and then the storytelling at retail. Some of the retail executions in those reset doors that we have in China, I would say, are some of the best we have in the world. And then the response from the consumer is obviously quite positive. The Chinese consumer as I will just say as a general point is more and more sophisticated and discriminating in terms of their choice in product and price is not a limiting factor, in the end, the product and the brand are really resonating. And we are definitely seeing that in China as we are in other parts of the world.
Mark Parker: Yes. I will jump into say that there is two factors that are really driving a lot of our priorities in this manufacturing revolution space. One is to create the capability to create new innovation and product that the consumers can experience. Flyknit is a great example of a process. And 3D printing as you mentioned, processes that allow us to do things that conventional shoemaking or product manufacturing process won’t allow us to do. So there is breakthroughs in performance innovation that come. We are also very discriminating when it comes to making sure that we are focused on things that can really affect the bottom line, the product cost. So we are prioritizing our investments. And this is a great example of we have lots of opportunities and we need to make choices, but we are making choices against things that can help us innovate the product as well as actually reduce our product cost and our speed to market. So we actually have a very strong and deep view over the next three to five year period and that’s expanding on the impact that these investments are making. And again, we are prioritizing where we think we can have the greatest impact. It’s one of the areas frankly as an innovation geek I am most excited about.
