Charlie Denson: It’s weighted actually towards the performance side of the business, which again is very pleasing to us. We continue to leverage both the sportswear position, and as well as the training position against that high-end performance position.Robby Ohmes – Bank of America: Terrific, thank you very much.
Charlie Denson: Michelle, this is Charlie. You will recall a couple of years back we started talking about reorganizing our apparel model, where we had engines or product creation units around the world. What it did was it created a lot of different styles that at the end of the day were somewhat duplicative of each other. We’ve consolidated that into a global engine where they are focusing on those key products that make the most difference. I think our quality levels have increased. I think our ability to source and gain leverage across a global order book has allowed us to become more efficient in the process. And I think when we talk we’re doing more with less, that’s what we mean. So I think that’s the core of some of the early successes that we’re seeing in apparel. And you had a second half to your question.
Charlie Denson: No, we all believe that we have a lot of opportunity in apparel. And that we think that from penetration standpoint we’re just at the very start of what we believe is a pretty long runway.
Charlie Denson: This is Charlie. As far as the market share gains, it depends on how you segment the market. So, in the premium space we’re seeing market share gains. We’re also seeing overall growth in the marketplace. So, you have to get into some level of granularity and I’m not sure exactly, where you’re going as far as that goes. And we’re also seeing growth in both footwear and apparel. So, I think those are the two primary ways we look at it from a price point, premium standpoint, as well as the product types.
Charlie Denson: Well, first of all, with respect to your first question, we really don’t yet have visibility beyond the World Cup. What we’re looking at right now is just futures for summer. So, the first part of your question is not yet. And with respect to the second part of the question, tell me again.
Charlie Denson: The only other explanation point I would put on it would be the performance that we’re seeing out of the UK market, which is something that we’ve been focused on and we’re happy to see some early results there.
Charlie Denson: I would say very, very little is coming from new distribution. It’s a pretty stable marketplace from a distribution standpoint.
Charlie Denson: I’ll just add one other piece, Bob. And I think that’s from a consumer standpoint. I think we feel very, very confident that that marketplace still possesses all of the passion and interest in the world of sports that it has demonstrated over the last several years and has been one of the foundational pieces of the growth that we saw during the past four years or five years. So we think that’s still there. And the consumer is still telling us that we have a strong brand and a very, very strong position in the marketplace. But I think as the economic conditions do continue to improve, we will be able to accelerate there as well, just like we’re in the rest of the world. But until they do, there’s a little bit of govern on our ability to move.
Charlie Denson: This is Charlie. I think the Lunar product is definitely a big part of that. I think the work that we’ve put in and R&D and the innovation that we’ve introduced over the last six months is really starting to take hold. I think that you’re seeing the running silhouette continue to be the silhouette of choice in a lot of the different markets around the world. But with that, I also say that our basketball product continues to get better and better as well. So what I like to see is the fact that we’re doing well in both the basketball and the running silhouette from a casual standpoint. And then I think the performance positioning in running continues to get sharper and sharper for us. And we’re seeing the benefit of that coming out of the running specialty account. With regards to the Foot Locker announcement and position, we feel great that they’re taking a larger interest in running. A healthy Foot Locker goes a long way in being a healthy brand in the United States. And their ability to look at multiple categories at a heightened way is something we’re pretty excited about.
Charlie Denson: Jim, I’ll just pick it up on the geography piece. Because it does differ from one geography to another and it does differ from an in-line versus a factory store footprint as well. So, in the United States, we have a very large factory footprint and an increasing in-line footprint. In most other geographies we’re actually reversed. And then you get the difference from a consumer standpoint, which they don’t really see the difference, what is owned and what is actually a partner door and we break it down. I would just say that we’re going to spend a lot more time on this, breaking this down when we get to the Investor Day in May. And I would probably just reserve any further comment on how it breaks down until then.Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Look forward to hearing more in May.
Mark Parker: I’m going to jump in too. I said apparel represents one of the biggest growth opportunities for the company. And I think that’s certainly true with Nike Brand, and frankly, the affiliates as well. One of the things that Charlie said I want to put an exclamation point on is this obsessive kind of focus on highlighting the key styles, highlighting and leveraging the key styles within and across the categories, and the productivity improvements we’ve seen from that and how much retailers and consumers are responding to that focus.
Mark Parker: We’re certainly seeing that in the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities and expect to see more of that coming in Tier 3 and Tier 4.Kate McShane – Citi Investment Research: Okay, thank you.
Mark Parker: Share gains? Yes, we’re definitely making progress. And most of the markets in Western Europe – I don’t recall off the top of my head each of the individual markets, but in aggregate, yes, we definitely been make a lot of progress. We’re particularly excited about some of the growth we’ve seen in the football categories. We’ve made great progress in running in Germany, for example. So absolutely, we believe that’s a place where we continue to pick up share.
Mark Parker: I will (inaudible) to the steps that they are taking to further differentiate their banners is good for Foot Locker and it’s great for Nike as well. We’re very much in line in terms of that strategy. They continue to focus on basketball. I think Ken Hicks talked about Nike’s relationship in terms of House of Hoops and its success there. But we think any steps they take to differentiate and segment their banners is really good for Foot Locker and good for Nike.
Mark Parker: I’ll just take it overall. We’ve been very vocal about our commitment to becoming a better retailer, not from the standpoint of making direct retail a significantly higher percentage of our business, but I think to lift our entire business and our ability or our potential as a company to grow and create a more exciting experience for the consumer at point-of-sale. So we’re doing that, obviously, through our own doors, we’re doing that through our wholesale partners with some of the concepts you’ve seen, House of Hoops, for example, work we’re doing with Finish Line, with Dick’s, other key retail partners. And then I think you’ll see more of that continue – and likewise online. Some of the work we’re doing online to better connect with consumers and make that whole commerce experience I think where brand experience with Nike that much more compelling. So I firmly believe and I have said this many times and I will probably say it many more, is that our ability to become a better retailer is going to help us become a better company with a lot more potential. And really ultimately become a better wholesale partner as well.
Don Blair: Omar, I have to confess, I was so busy laughing at your relabeling of me there. Which segment you’re talking about, which piece are –
Don Blair: Well, I think there’s a couple of things to bear in mind. First of all, the expansion year-on-year you need to bear in mind some of the prior year comparisons. And I think what you’re seeing this quarter is really a much cleaner supply chain, cleaner marketplace. We’re definitely in a position now where we’ve got product flowing through the marketplace at full margin. So that’s certainly an important part of the equation. There’s also the impact of the timing of demand creation spending. Last year, we were spending more heavily against the business this quarter, so we’ve got less of that. So in terms of year-on-year improvement it’s really a cleaner marketplace and some of the timing on demand creation spending. As far as the overall profitability of that market, one of the things to bear in mind is that a lot of the demand creation spending that we use to help drive the business in China is actually recorded somewhere else. So the marketing mix in China is actually a blend of global assets and local assets. It’s the way we market the brand there. So Kobe and LeBron are tremendously popular in China. Those expenses are reported in North America. So in some ways what you’re looking at in China is a little bit of an artifact of how we do the accounting, but it’s a tremendous market for us, and certainly, we’re really enthusiastic about the growth.
Don Blair: No, I think that the positioning we have for the brand in China is very premium. And we think the Chinese consumer really connects with the brand and the product that we’re putting in that marketplace. As the middle class grows, we think those consumers are increasingly resonating towards our brand.
Don Blair: I think maybe to anticipate where your question is going to, there is both increases in distribution, as well as comp store growth. So the throughput on existing points of distribution grows as the middle-class has more disposable income. And we’re expanding distribution into new cities and new shopping districts.
Don Blair: Let me jump in here. We’re definitely thinking outside the box and we see more opportunity ahead. I want to back-up for a second and just say how particularly proud I am of the work that we’ve done. I think to drive cash flow and to maintain the balance or the strength, I should say of our balance sheet. This has been a tough and challenging macroeconomic environment and to come through where we’re is something I think we’re all proud of. Big part of that’s been the tight working capital management I think. Don mentioned how accounts receivable and inventory balances are down versus prior year. But even if you back up, looking at the last decade, our business model and our operational discipline is really what’s enabled us to generate the kind of cash flows that you have seen. So we’ve proven that we can do that in good times and in bad times. As a result, and this is more to your question, I think we’re confident that we can invest in both new and existing businesses to create some more long-term value and increase, as you have said the cash return to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. That said, I think there’s a lot more opportunity here. And we’re prepared to discuss that in more depths and detail at the upcoming Investor Meeting in New York in the first week in May.Brian McGough – Hedgeye Risk Management: Mark, not to try to pull anything out of you in advance of that, but –.
Don Blair: Yes, Bob, I think that market, you know from following us for some time has been a great growth engine for us. And we think it will be again. Certainly, that market has been probably with Japan among the hardest hit by the macroeconomic environment, but we’re seeing improvement there. A lot of the profitability of that market, I mean, what you’re seeing right now is really deleveraging. So, when the revenues are as soft as they are, the profitability is a little bit more challenging. But over time we believe just like a lot of the other less developed markets, the middle class is growing. We feel great about where our distribution is headed, where the product is, where the brand strength is. So, I absolutely think that market is going to come back to growth. And as the top-line starts moving again, I think we’re going to see the bottom-line move along very nicely as well.
Don Blair: First of all, I think we have talked about this many times before. There’s a lot of macro factors in margin, as well as things that we control. Our guidance, as you pointed out is pretty significant year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter, but not quite at the level of the third quarter. One of the things in the macro space that’s been a key driver for us this year is raw material cost and freight. Both of those have been pretty low. As we’ve said before, there’s a bit of a lag on that, probably six months to 12 months. So we’re looking at cost structures really that were essentially dictated by fairly slack demand and excess capacity about a year ago. So that’s starting to turn now. And I think we’re going to start to see a little bit more headwind out of raw material and freight costs. Currency, as you pointed out has been a modest headwind. Part of that is on a lag as well. And we did a pretty aggressive hedging program about two years ago when the euro was up in the 150s. That was a very good thing. And actually as a result we didn’t really take the full hit on the weakening euro in fiscal '10. That’s really been bleeding in over probably the last six months and it’s going to hit us a little bit more into next fiscal year. So, there’s a couple of factors that have been positive in FY '10 that are going to turn into a little bit more headwind. Having said that, one of the things we’re really very thrilled about is the stuff that we do control. Charlie and Mark both talked about apparel, where we’ve done some really good work in terms of streamlining the product line. We continue to work on lean manufacturing, raw material consolidation. Those things are all driving benefits in fiscal '10 and we think they will into '11 as well. Our owned retail, we’ve all spoken to that today. The margins in owned retail have been fantastic. That’s both a commentary on cleaner inventories, as well as more sophistication in terms of how we price product in the stores and also the strength of our brand. So we feel great about those factors and we think those continue into 2011. So the outlook for margin, I think we’re going to see a little more macroeconomic pressure as we go forward, but a lot of the things we’re doing internally are really paying dividends and we feel great about those continuing into the future.
