Mark Parker: Yes, actually, the women's businesses over indexing our men's growth. And we see me, as we've said earlier, tremendous opportunity moving forward. We are under indexed in terms of our percentage of business in the women's area, as you know. So, the upside there, particularly with the consumer, the market being bigger than the men's, is tremendous upside. We had a great quarter in Q3. The good news is driven by balanced growth, I think across footwear and apparel we had particularly great momentum in Greater China and APLA. So this is, obviously, a global opportunity. We see women embracing the sneaker culture more and more every day. So we're scaling up popular models and creating new models for women specifically and the response, like with the Air Max Dia, for example, one of the newer models has been tremendous also, great opportunity in a parallel. We've had real strong response to the NIKE yoga collection and the tight business, driven by the one tight, some innovation there as well. And as I said, the broad business is actually a great opportunity for us and we've expanded the broad collection considerably, particularly in the plus-size area of the business, and we're seeing strong consumer demand there. So, it's really an opportunity across all dimensions of our business. Jordan is another one. Women's in Jordan grew a strong double-digit number this past quarter. And the focus for us, it's a huge priority is editing and shifting the resources we have internally to serve women more completely. We're definitely looking at how we elevate our female athletes and influencers more completely, providing membership and access to sport, being very thoughtful in terms of design and our innovation agenda specifically for women. So again, simple conclusion there is under indexed opportunity for us at this point, huge opportunity for us going forward as we shift focus.
Mark Parker: Well, first of all, obviously, digital is up significantly for the quarter. So we are leveraging what we're learning and its showing up in the results, up 36% for the quarter. I mentioned the SNKRS app. SNKRS app to me is really a signal of what the future potential of how we connect with consumers in a deeper way with storytelling as part of that effort. And then the connection we're making with physical to digital through NIKE Live in L.A. and then our house of innovation in New York and Shanghai. We're learning a lot. I mean every day we're learning and then we're applying those learnings to the rest of our business across our own direct business, but also in partnership with our wholesale digital partners at the same time. So, we're seeing a healthy lift. And we know membership is a key part of this as well. And the membership is really driving a lot of the increase and improved performance in direct retail same time, and we've seen some impressive numbers on that as well.
Mark Parker: Well, first of all, we continue to see great momentum in our apparel business, not just in North America, but across all geographies. And it's a balance between both performance and sportswear. That said, we see a lot more upside potential, particularly as we 2X our innovation agenda in apparel. We see tremendous opportunity to start to echo much of what we've seen on the footwear side of the business. And we're putting particular emphasis too on the women's innovation agenda in apparel as well. So we've seen some early positive response to some of that product and some of those launches. But we've seen much more upside for apparel around the world really, for NIKE in both sportswear and in performance for women and for men for that matter.
Mark Parker: I'll just add that we're in the infancy stages of apparel opportunity on the Jordan side of the business as well as. We've seen a taste of the response to the women's apparel business in Jordan, but we see a lot of upside opportunity for apparel and their overall Jordan business. 
Mark Parker: And I'll quickly add that the growth that we're seeing that makes up that high single digit guidance at this stage is a very -- it's as balanced as I think we've seen it in terms of complete offense, men's and women's performance in sportswear, I think across the goes driven by the key cities, categories, price points, we do have some opportunity, I think in core, particularly as we head into fiscal '20 and you're going to see a whole refresh core offering from Nike that we think is going to help to fill in our complete offense there as well. And then as Andy said and we say all the time, that truly it's the innovation pipeline is full and I think it's going to drive some great upside for us.
Mark Parker: Well, it's basically a part of our ongoing complete offense strategy as we see where we have opportunities to improve our offerings and to create more opportunity. And certainly as we look at footwear or our complete footwear offering, not just in North America but around the world, we see the opportunity to strengthen the price to value opportunity for our footwear. So part of that is bringing innovation into that price point, not just taking it down but creating unique innovation for those price points and those consumers. We have to be competitive at every level. And I think as part of our offense and I think there's a great opportunity for us, and I think that can drive some of the under indexing in the marketplace now versus the opportunity. So yes, we have about three quarters of our product at the core level, and footwear is going to be refreshed starting in back-to-school. And it's not a takedown it's making sure that we have that value at that price point and again, creating some unique innovation platform opportunities. And as far as the new cushioning platform goes, I can't really talk a lot about it other than it's incredibly comfortable, and I think it is going to open up opportunity for part of the running population that actually we might not have at this stage, or at least invite more people in to it. I'm actually wearing a pair now. And I will tell you it's one of the most comfortable platforms that we've had, so incredibly exciting and visually very distinctive.
Mark Parker: As you know, we had -- this time last year we're in a reset mode on Jordan. And we're very pleased with where we've come in terms of cleaning up the products in terms of the marketplace. I think we probably over indexed a bit on the retro market. We've got a rein on that, so it's a very balanced management of the Jordan product portfolio, not just in terms of retro but actually balancing that out with performance product as well. And that's the story in Jordan too is we're beginning to see a much more balanced product offering, both performance and sportswear, new performance platforms with retro and retro refresh, but making sure that we're managing that in terms of the marketplace. The inventory is actually quite healthy in a good position right now. Women's is just coming on. So I mentioned women's apparel, but also footwear for Jordan, a big opportunity for us. And there's a lot of great brands energy around Jordan right now, not just here in North America but around the world. It's APLA, EMEA, China, huge brand presence for Jordan in China. So again, we're bullish and we feel like, we've got a good rein on managing that in a healthy and balanced way.
Mark Parker: We'll start with the gross margin question. As we communicated at our Investor Day, our goal, a very ambitious but we believe achievable goal, was to deliver as much as 50 basis points of gross margin expansion over the next five years. Obviously, in this fiscal year, we are exceeding that goal. And that's fueled by number of factors, very strong full price sell through, the continued outpacing growth in our Nike direct business. As we look ahead to fiscal year '20, as I said in our guidance, we expect gross margin to be largely in-line with the long-term objective that we communicated on Investor Day, which is again a robust amount of margin expansion, especially on top of what we've delivered this year. Much like this year as we get into the fiscal year, we may see opportunities to expand on that. Certainly, this year, we've just had incredibly strong brand momentum and incredibly strong product pipeline that have afforded us the opportunity to outperform in that regard. At the same time, it's important to note that there are a myriad of factors within gross margin ranging from the impact of real time foreign exchange rates to the timing of the hedges that we put on from a sourcing perspective. So we'll update you with more specifics when we get to our Q4 earnings call and gross margin. But suffice it to say we are really pleased with the drivers of gross margin expansion that we've had in this fiscal year. And as we shared we expect to see continued strong margin expansion next year.
Mark Parker: Thank you, Lauren. And thank you everybody for listening in today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Take care, bye.
Andy Campion: And Omar, an area in which we will deliberately shift investment from a product creation through the retail experiences is to accelerate against what we see as a tremendous growth opportunity.
Andy Campion: Absolutely, lots of opportunities to leverage learnings in NIKE Digital across the portfolio; certainly, in Jordan, we're seeing tremendous success; as I mentioned, our speakers at platform; Jordan is a major part of that energy. Converse, we just launched Converse.com and the early response to that is incredibly positive and we see tremendous upside opportunity for the Converse brand as well. Overall, I think the brands in the portfolio, particularly Converse, Jordan and of course NIKE, are all lined up to share learnings and leverage, the expertise and the capabilities we're building in digital. So, we're going to see a lift I think across the portfolio.
Andy Campion: Yes, just to add that one of the reasons we call apparel as such an extraordinary or outsize opportunity for us long-term is. Athletic apparel, as a percent of total apparel, is much smaller than is athletic footwear as a percent of total footwear. And what we're really focused on is the opportunity to go deeper in some of the classifications where we have been a player and had great response from consumers, but we haven't gone as deep as consistently. And that extends to offering product that is well suited for new occasions. Again, think apparel Monday through Friday, as well as on-court, in the gym and over the weekend. And then that extends to price points, up and down the price points from premium apparel through to the more affordable price points. So, we see a pretty extraordinary opportunity to both catalyze the growth of athletic apparel within the broader apparel industry, and also extend the offerings that we're bringing to market.
Andy Campion: We're still in the early stages of our planning process, and I appreciate that you noted that. But we do have increasing confidence in the expectations that we've just shared for fiscal year '20. We have incredibly strong momentum and demand across both footwear and apparel brand heat and as we have shared, an incredible pipeline of innovation that both in the early part of the year, as well as in the latter part of the year as we ramp up to Tokyo 2020. We're already receiving very positive signals from our Nike direct business and our wholesale partners as I shared. All of these really contribute to our competence in our outlook for growth. Our outlook for growth is broad based. We expect growth largely in-line with the guard rails that we've shared in terms of our long-term algorithm across geographies. So continued momentum internationally, as well as continued healthy sustainable growth in North America. Keep in mind that we're operating in a dynamic environment, and so we'll update you with more specifics when we get to our Q4 call. As far as SG&A, we see the investments that we're making, translating into this extremely strong currency neutral revenue growth and margin expansion. And so, that correlation has probably been more direct than ever, which is leading us to continue to invest in the capabilities that are going to drive. The digital transformation we've spoken about and fuel that growth. Our investments in innovation, which we've spoken about and speed and digital, are clearly having a tangible impact. So we'll continue to make those investments. At the same time, as we said at our Investor Day, we do expect to be able to both make those investments and deliver slight SG&A leverage over that five year horizon. So that is very much still a goal in terms of the profitability of our business going forward.
Andy Campion: And the only thing I'd add is I think it is important to note that a lot of investments that we're making are really long-term in nature. They have a compounding impact innovations platform that we can leverage, obviously, and scale faster over time, as well as the investments we're making digitally. As we've said before, from a long term perspective, we see digital comprising the majority of our business. And so these are investments that we think will have a compounding effect as we make them year-over-year.
Andy Campion: Yes, very intuitive, insightful question. There were some timing impacts related to our NBA business and the launch of certain products year-over-year. There are always timing impacts in terms of product launches. So yes, nothing in terms of a turn or change in consumer demand. In fact, consumer demand for our apparel in North America is very strong. Frankly to some extent it puts pressure on supply, but that is that's a great point of pressure to have. We've got really strong demand for our apparel in North America. So I wouldn't overly index on the quarterly rate of growth.
Andy Campion: And I'd just add that as we said, the demand for the Jordan brand has been strong, it was strong even when we are in a reset mode it still is strong. And our opportunity was to, as both Mark and others have said, bring new dimension to the brand. Mark touched on women's a couple of other areas of dimension performance basketball product. We've seen extremely strong demand for the Air Jordan XXXIII game shoe, which we amplified with the Chinese New Year and Travis Scott editions. We're seeing incredibly strong demand for Russell Westbrook's signature shoe, Why Not, also on performance silhouettes. And then as Mark touched on in response to the earlier question on apparel, the apparel coming out of Jordan is extremely strong and we see a big opportunity there. In fact, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, the Jordan PSG launch was largely an apparel launch. We did have footwear in that launch. But what was really a shock and surprise to consumers in a very positive way was what we were able to do with the Jordan Brand on football apparel.
Andy Campion: And just quickly on the resale market. We're not focused on that slice of the market. At this time, we don't have anything to add to that. We're fully aware that we're a huge part of creating that market. And that's our focus is how do we deliver the innovation and the creative energy to the product that ultimately is going to create an opportunity there for others. Right now, we're looking at it but we have no plans in terms of partnerships or business strategy in that particular area.
