John Donahoe: Sure. Well, as I mentioned, we saw an extension of transit times of inventory by up to 3 weeks. And what that means is that across the marketplace, we were anticipating to have more available supply in the third quarter than ultimately what we were able to have to satisfy demand across both the direct side of the business and across our wholesale partners. We’ve now effectively absorbed the longer lead times through our third quarter. And so, we do expect a more consistent flow of inventory in the fourth quarter, recognizing that transit times are elevated versus the prior year, but we expect a more consistent flow of inventory from here. I mentioned, Bob, in my prepared remarks that we continue to see strong demand across the marketplace, and we’re seeing stronger demand. We continue to see stronger demand in differentiated retail, which is our strategic partners, than we’re seeing in undifferentiated retail. And so, we will continue to prioritize inventory for our strategic partners and for NIKE Direct. And when we look at where marketplace inventory is today, it’s down high-double digits versus where it was a year ago. And so, there is strong demand for that inventory across our strategic partners and NIKE Direct, and we continue to – we intend to continue to fulfill that demand in both of those locations.
John Donahoe: Well, Michael, we start with the consumer, we start in every case with the consumer, and the consumer is really clear that they want to get what they want, when they want it, how they want it. And they want a seamless, premium digital and physical experience. In fact, in many cases, they don’t see a difference between digital and physical, whether they bought it on digitally and had it delivered at home or whether they bought it digitally and picked it up in store, whether it was one of our stores or one of our strategic partner stores. And so we do see a need and a really important role for strategic physical presence, both ours and our partners. And the way we’ll go forward is we are driving, starting with our own digital and our own stores, the seamless premium experience that’s centered on the member, where we know who the member is. That member expects us to know who they are, whether they are in our stores or our partner stores. And so we’ll work with a smaller number of strategic partners that see the same future we do and that want to and are willing to share membership data so that we can together deliver a very seamless experience, a very personalized experience for consumers. And the whole One Nike Marketplace will allow us to help consumers to get what they want, when they want it, how they want it. And so as we segment, it’s – we’re leaning in with those partners that see the world the same way we do. And those are the ones and the good news is they do. And the good news is those are the partners that have the most robust business with our shared consumers today. So the consolidation will continue. And again, I think you’ll see even more movement from undifferentiated retail into a smaller number of – a smaller number of partners and our own stores that provide that seamless premium experience.
John Donahoe: Well, Erinn, on China, it’s just really clear, and it’s sort of interesting. I’m on my, I guess, 14 month, but I so distinctly remember and fondly recall, my first week at NIKE was in China, as you recall, on the streets of Shanghai and Beijing, seeing the incredible connection that the Chinese consumer has with the NIKE, Jordan and Converse brands and frankly, seeing really high-quality physical retail to my prior – to the prior question, prior answer. The merchandising – these are all mono-brand stores, as you know, with us, our direct ones and our partners. And when you see what a outstanding physical merchandise experience can be and link that to a seamless digital experience, it’s quite powerful. And we’re probably furthest along in the world on that in China. And I will say that our Chinese team has just done a fabulous job in the past year of not just building a great business, but showing the way for other parts of the company. They obviously have done that through the pandemic being constantly 3 to 6 months ahead. Including today, being back at work side-by-side and the energy that comes with that, including today having physical retail open and seeing traffic getting close to historical levels. But they are also leading on that seamless experience. An example I’ll highlight is just the one, I think Matt mentioned this in his remarks, on our new doors there, they are getting 70%, 80%, 90% of consumers in physical doors to either identify themselves as members or sign up and become members. And that allows that seamless experience for a consumer. So they are not – they are completely indifferent about whether they buy it, have it shipped to home, buy it online and pick it up in the store, whether within the store and they buy it and have it shipped home. And so I think that strong connection we have with consumers, brand-wise, but also that when we talk about the consistent premium, seamless experience, online to offline, that deliver consumers, we’re furthest along. We’re furthest along in China, and I give that team huge credit, and we’re rapidly following that in our other geographies and regions.
John Donahoe: Great, Omar. And Matt, why don’t I take a cut of these and you can fill in. On – Omar, on data, data will ultimately improve our ability to deliver great experiences throughout our value chain. Now the most obvious place is at the consumer-facing front, right? So even in this quarter, we saw use of data to deliver more targeted communications to consumers and more personalized experience. And I would say, relative to what’s possible, we’re just scratching the surface there. So on that sort of consumer-facing side, data played a really – has played an important role and will continue to play an important role. The second area it plays an important role is one part of the consumer experience was getting the right product in the right place at the right time. And so this is where our select acquisition has allowed us to fairly impressively pivot to a more direct-to-consumer supply chain. And I, again, give our supply chain team enormous credit for what they have done over the last year as we have pivoted toward digital. But what that’s all about is knowing what inventory to have resident in local regional warehouses so that you can get delivered more rapidly and often through ground transportation. By the way, both of those are scale games. The more data you have, if you’re the leader and you have more scale, it allows you to deliver better experiences and have better efficiency. And as you described, data will ultimately also be able to help us do better design and create better products. Some of the people that are most excited in the company about what data and technology can do are John Hoke, our – who runs design, and Phil McCartney and Aaron Heiser, who run footwear and apparel. They are like with the data that we now have from our digital sites and that we can get from our consumer insights group, it just means that we can design footwear and apparel that’s even more focused and more targeted on what the consumer wants. And so I’d say we’re into our data journey, but there is so much more opportunity to come. And I think the entire company sees it and is excited about it. With respect to women’s, the women’s business is having a great momentum. It was the – I think eighth straight quarter where women’s growth out indexed overall growth. And that’s across both NIKE and Jordan Brand. And that had 86% growth in NIKE Digital. And physical retail, marketplace retail, grew to high double digits, and we’re gaining share in women’s, both on footwear and apparel. And while we’re seeing success in women’s to date, this move toward the consumer construct that we’ve described with a real dedicated and focused women’s team, means that we can increase our investment. So we’ve doubled our investment in women’s innovation over the past year, and that extends end-to-end. And so a wonderful example of what that can produce is what I referred to earlier, this React Escape. Because we launched it this quarter, this running shoe takes into account the physiological differences between male and female bodies. And so its silhouette, its materials, its design details are all aimed at the new female runner. And we think it’s just a wonderful example of how we can take sharper insights and a greater focus end-to-end across our organization to really continue to turbocharge our women’s business.
John Donahoe: And Matt, I’m going to just maybe add one final comment before we wrap up because I do want to – we’ve had two, three data questions in a row, but as you said, Jamie, art and science. The science, the science of what we are doing, it’s been done, it’s doable. But the thing that makes this company remarkable is the art. It’s the creativity of our apparel designers, of our footwear designers. It’s the creativity of our brand teams and the storytelling they do and so data doesn’t displace art. It’s both. It’s data and technology help enhance it and supplement it. But this – the core of this, the heart and soul of this company is an amazing wellspring of creativity and innovation and the mindset in everything we do. And so I just – this is going to make it a little bit more direct-to-consumer and make it a little bit more efficient. But we will never lose sight of the art of what NIKE, Jordan and Converse do. So, with that, Andy time to wrap up.
Matt Friend: Well, Bob, I’ve been at NIKE for a little over 12 years, and so I might suggest that you go back and re-read [indiscernible]. You might be able to figure out who was back there at that point in time who was making those decisions.
Matt Friend: Sure. Well, I should start by saying that as we get into the fourth quarter, the comparisons start to get pretty challenging as you look year-over-year. The comparisons aren’t going to be linear as compared to where we’ve been in prior quarters, nor will they be intuitive. But when I talk about investment levels, I need to start with the core principle, which is NIKE is a growth company. And so as we continue to see the market opportunity in front of us, we are poised and in this position of strength to be able to accelerate investment against the things that are most critical in order to enable and drive our consumer direct acceleration strategy. Now in the middle of COVID, we got extremely focused on what matters most and we reallocated resources and tightly – and from a disciplined perspective, managed our expenses so that we could continue investing against the things that matter most to our strategy, like our tech – end-to-end tech transformation, digitizing our supply chain, and ultimately investing in the marketplace. And so, we’ve continued to do that while we’ve been able to manage other expenses more tightly as a result of the environment we’re in. As we start to look at coming out of the pandemic, we don’t intend to just add it back in, okay? Every dollar we’re putting back in we know is going to create or we have a plan to create a return on it. And so, we’re taking advantage of the moment to be able to do that, and we will continue to accelerate investment against those levels. But to your point, historically prior to COVID, we were at about 33% of revenue in terms of our SG&A levels, and we’ve been able to manage through the last – the first three quarters of this year closer to 29%, and demand creation has been a source of leverage over this period. The reduction in sport activity in the first half of this year as well as some work that we did to sharpen certain areas of historical marketing investment, and as a result of that, demand creation investment was driving some leverage for us. Prior to COVID, we were at something like 9% or 10% of revenue, and it fell to about 7% in the first half. But what I mentioned on the last earnings call is that we don’t think these are sustainable levels for demand creation as we look forward. And so, given the speed of our recovery in the first half, our plan was to start accelerating investment back towards pre-pandemic levels. We won’t get there in one quarter. We will get there over a period of time, but we believe that that’s the right thing to do from a position of strength and given the size and scale of our brand and our recovery. So we had planned to spend more in the third quarter. But when we started to see the supply chain shifts occurring, we decided to shift some of that marketing investment into the fourth quarter in order to be able to balance and have those marketing investments occur at the time that the product was available in the marketplace. We’re going to be accelerating investment in Q4 against our biggest growth opportunities. Women’s, we’re going to continue to be investing internationally, as I mentioned, against – we’re going to be investing behind Jordan. And we are going to continue to invest against digital. But we do believe longer term, Michael, that digital will be a source of leverage for us as we drive a greater return on ad spend and see more effectiveness in our full funnel marketing. And so that will be a source of leverage over time.
Matt Friend: I’d maybe just jump in and say on the China piece that we continue to scale the Express Lane in China. And I referenced a couple of examples in the quarter related to Chinese New Year specific product. But we doubled the Express Lane in the quarter, and it continues to have significant impact, not only on localizing product but also – localizing product, but also speed and agility in the marketplace through our fulfillment models. And then Erinn, maybe one other indication vis-à-vis China being ahead of other places, as the world has opened up, sport is returning. And so just the energy that we’re seeing with sport returning, we’re seeing our Performance business continue to grow significantly as well as our Kids business in that market, and it gives us a lot of optimism as we’re looking ahead to reopening occurring in North America, Europe and other places. Specifically on your question about North America, what I would just say is we were on track to deliver our internal plans, and we were seeing momentum that was consistent with the type of momentum that we’ve been seeing year-to-date as we are shifting, creating the marketplace shifts and continuing to lead with NIKE Direct and our strategic partners.
Matt Friend: I would just add that some of the comments John made earlier as well just about our store strategy, the Nike Live concept is a is a concept that’s intended to unlock significant growth in the women’s marketplace. And we just – it would be hard, Omar, to size the opportunity because the women’s market is so large. And we see the opportunity relative to where our business is penetrated today. And so while we continue to take share, those definitions are within the refinement of the way people define the market from an athletic footwear and athletic apparel in this. But what we’re also seeing is athletic taking share of the broader women’s marketplace. And so those are going to be fuel for growth for us as we continue to invest behind this exciting opportunity.
Matt Friend: Yes. So I’ll dream the dream on the financial side of it. We think that, as I’ve said for several quarters in a row, and Andy said before me, that the financial value of data and technology are significant for us. And we’re already starting to see some of it, Jamie, in our current performance, but the opportunity in front of us is significant. It’s being right more of the time. And where you’ll see it drive financial value through our P&L is making better pricing and merchandising decisions, where we place our inventory, how we choose to fulfill demand. All of those things will result in, and we see how a much more scientific and data-driven and machine learning approach to this is taking – is using human judgment with great analytics to enable us to make those decisions. And then I think more broadly as an enterprise, as we continue to automate the way we work and leverage technology end-to-end, there is going to be productivity in the manual processes and work that we do as a company today. And so I think you’ll also see productivity in SG&A over time as a result of us being able to leverage this type of capacity versus working in a more legacy type of fashion. And so we’re investing heavily towards all of those opportunities.
