Matt Friend: Sure, Bob. And hello, and thanks for the question. As we think about the dynamics that we are managing through in China right now, we are optimistic as we continue to see improvement sequentially each month. As we think about fiscal ‘22 and the guidance we provided, we are planning for continued recovery throughout fiscal year ‘22, but we don’t expect it to be linear. And what I would say is, longer term, we are optimistic given our history of operating in China and our connections and relationship with consumers that over the long term we will be able to deliver low-to-mid teens growth.
Matt Friend: Sure, Kimberly. Well, as we have talked about throughout this year, we have continued to see the way that we have gotten closer to the consumer creating deeper connections, and as we look at how our brand is positioned around the world, we continue to be very optimistic with what we see. That’s translated into very strong retail sales growth throughout the year. And in many circumstances, we have seen demand outstripping supply. As we think about the future, especially as we exit ‘21 and we move forward to ‘22, there are definitely specific things that give us optimism and confidence. John just mentioned one of them, which is the return to sport, and we are already starting to see an acceleration in our sport performance business. We are excited about the connections that we are driving from a digital perspective, especially as physical retail reopens. We believe that is a sticky shift that will continue, and that’s embedded in our guidance for ‘22 and also the longer-term outlook that I provided for you. And that shift of – a 20-point mix shift in direct is definitely an inflection from a revenue – it creates an inflection from a revenue perspective. And then lastly, I would say that we continue to talk about the significant opportunities that we see more broadly in the marketplace. And while we have had momentum, and we continue to see those dimensions of business outstrip the growth of the rest of the business, the opportunity is still significant relative to our share in those specific areas. And so, what I am referring to there is our women’s business and the opportunity we see in front of us, the apparel business and the opportunities that we see there, and then the momentum that we have with the Jordan Brand, in particular, and the opportunities that we see for that brand both in North America, but in international markets as well.
Matt Friend: Yes. And I would just add that the NIKE App or our app ecosystem continues to have a significant impact, and we are continuing to invest in the consumer experience in order to take advantage of the consumers’ interest and appetite in engaging with our brand in that way. The app actually represents about 40% of our digital business at this point in time, and we are planning to launch the NIKE App in 10 more countries in fiscal year ‘22. As I think about the financial model, Matt as you asked, I sort of answered in my question to Kimberly, which is this shift to digital and that direct sale to the consumer is definitely causing us confidence to inflect our revenue outlook upwards as a first point. The second point I would say is that as we have continued to see over the past several quarters and really, if you sort of look through the pandemic, it’s really over the last 3 years as we have been seeing more and more business being done through direct and digital. We have been talking about how that shift in mix has enabled us to drive and increase our gross margin expansion versus historical levels of gross margin expansion. And so that’s what’s embedded in that high-40s guidance outlook. It’s continuing to shift to more direct business. And then within that direct business, we continue to see opportunities like I referenced, leveraging data and analytical capabilities, so digital transformation-type capabilities to know where to place our inventory, how to fulfill demand closer to the consumer, whether it’s through our stores or through our regional service centers, how to think about pricing based on the way inventory is flowing and then continued demand and supply management. And then I guess the last thing I would say is that the way that we framed our SG&A guidance is that we feel confident that as we look at the transformation that’s taking place in our business over the next 4 years that at that level of SG&A investment, which is better than where we were in the pandemic, we can fund the investments that we need to fuel this growth and sustain the opportunity that we have in front of us.
Matt Friend: Yes. And I will just jump in, Erinn, on women’s. We – this might sound interesting, but we are the largest women’s athletic brand in the world today at $8.5 billion. And we are very bullish on the opportunity for women’s. We have been talking about it for several years. And it starts by what John said on the call, which is that the main purpose of our realigning our organizational structure was to try to amplify the investment at multiples of where we were previously investing against our women’s business. And those investments are end-to-end, from specific innovation and the way we invest in innovation to the way we are investing in product creation, to the way that we are now investing in the marketplace through our NIKE Live concepts. And our NIKE Live stores are almost 50% women’s sales, which are more than 15 points ahead of our other stores in terms of women’s proportion of the revenue. And so it’s definitely embedded and underlying our revenue outlook. And I would tell you that we expect to see women’s outpace other elements of our business as we invest and drive against the long-term opportunity.
Matt Friend: Yes. And we think that digital is going to play a really important role for Converse as they reshape the composition of their own marketplace. And so that’s what’s been driving growth for the last couple of quarters or for the last eight quarters, and it’s continued to help us as they create that direct connection with consumers as well.
Matt Friend: Well, Adrienne, the – our FY ‘22 guidance reflects the optimism and the momentum that we are seeing across our full portfolio, brands and different geographies. As I mentioned on China, we are optimistic and encouraged based on the sequential improvements that we are seeing, so our business was impacted in April. It was down single digits in May, but improving, and approaching prior year levels in these first 3 weeks of June. Obviously, the 6/18 consumer moment gives us optimism as we continue this recovery. And we are planning for recovery throughout fiscal year ‘22, but we don’t expect it to be linear.
John Donahoe: Well, we certainly hope so. If not LeBron, Devin Booker and if not Devin Booker, Paul George or many of the other NIKE athletes, and what’s been one of the – just one of the great NBA Playoffs, I know we have all enjoyed the game. It’s so great the sport is back. It’s so great that the stands are full. So, the excitement that we feel with the entire NBA and frankly, all the great sport going on right now is palpable.
John Donahoe: Well, sure, Matthew. The first thing, never look a wonderful tailwind in the eye or look away from one. So, we have got a – there is a fundamental shift in consumer behavior toward digital. And that’s been happening, but the pandemic has simply accelerated that. And that provides the opportunity for us to have a direct connection with consumers, which is increasingly important in a digital world where consumers, while they are going more digital are focusing on fewer and fewer apps. And we are going to be one of the very few apps that have a direct connection with consumers, and that’s unlocking great growth. That’s unlocking growth in our ability to serve them with more personalized shopping experiences, with recommendations across our vast product portfolio with services and other ways to engage them like NIKE Run Club, NIKE Training Club. So, we think we are one of the very few in our industry that will be able to establish that direct connection with consumers both around commerce, but also engage them on a weekly, monthly, quarterly basis. And then that produces great consumer insight, and that consumer insight has a bit of a virtuous cycle. The more you have of it, the more you can use it. You can use that consumer insight as I said earlier on, personalizing a recommendation or anticipating a need on replenishing a product when you know they are going to need it. It also drives efficiency in our operations, right. We talk about building a digital supply chain. What that’s all about is having the intelligence to know, having the right product in the right place at the right time, so that we can deliver that product at a low-cost, convenient, and speedy and a climate-friendly way. And last, but not least, that insight – consumer insight helps fuel product creation. I mean the more we know about our consumers, the more we can build the kind of compelling product that they want and need. And so, we feel like – as Matt said, there is a virtuous cycle by embracing our digital transformation as aggressive as we are. We think we can create competitive separation. And so – and we still – we think it’s going to be a journey that has continuous improvement and continuous ROI and benefits along the way.
John Donahoe: So Erinn, bottom line, we are confident about what we are seeing in China as we drive long-term growth. And we have a long-term view about China. And we have always taken a long-term view. We have been in China for over 40 years. Phil invested significant time and energy in China in the early days. And today, we are the largest sport brand there, and we are a brand of China and for China. And the biggest asset we have in China is the consumer equity. Consumers feel a strong, deep connection to the NIKE, Jordan and Converse brands in China. And it’s real. I saw that in my first week here, can’t wait to get back there. And it’s strong. And that’s brought to life on streets all over China through the over 7,000 mono-brand stores we have in China. So, we have a strong consumer franchise in China, and they feel very connected to our brand. And so we are going to continue to invest. We will continue our long-term investment in China whether it’s through the Express Lane, which allows us to have local product insights, so design and deliver with speed and agility or we are localizing our tech stack. Matt mentioned we are opening a new digital technology center in Shenzhen. And we are going to invest for the long-term, and we are encouraged by the momentum and we have confidence in the future. It’s interesting. We have been the #1 sports brand in Tmall for a decade, and we are still #1 today once we open back up on it. Over the last month, we have added 1 million new members on Tmall through the 6/18 shopping holiday. And so we are focusing on what we can control. We are confident of our momentum and our position. And we will – as Matt outlined, we feel confident about our long-term growth in China.
John Donahoe: Well, the short answer, Omar, is yes. I mean we are blessed with this wonderful portfolio of brands; Nike, Jordan and Converse. And they are additive. That’s what’s so striking is, while there is some consumer overlap, the role that each plays is additive in the eyes of the consumer. And so Scott and the Converse team are doing a great job of connecting with a distinct consumer and expanding – it’s much like the Jordan playbook – expanding beyond just historical icons like the Chuck and bringing new design, new dimension to the product there. In fact, it’s the fastest-growing part of their portfolio. We just had an operating review a couple of weeks ago and was really striking to see how they are extending that brand into both performance product into new ways to leverage that Converse brand and the product line as well as getting into apparel and going global. And so their digital capabilities are growing to have their own, as you know, in addition to being able to get to them on the NIKE website, and get to them on their own website. And their digital business is growing at very comparable levels as NIKEs are and Jordans are around the world. And so we see a lot of upside in the Converse opportunity and the Converse brand.
