Mark Parker: Sure, Bob. I was just continue to say that as it relates actually both to China and also Japan, I think first let’s start with in both markets we have incredible brand strength in both of those markets. And in China specifically, as you recall, we spent time resetting the marketplace and we are now seeing the results of that reset really take place. They had an incredible quarter. I was actually just recently there. We are seeing just great growth across the Sportswear, the Running, the Basketball business, the dotcom business is doing exceptionally well. And so also working with our key partners, the transformation efforts that we put in place are actually now really, really working well. So, we see great sell-through in the market and we see really good health of the inventory. So, all the dimensions really would say that China is in a great place. We feel confident about the long-term potential of the market. Similarly in Japan, with the futures, what we are certainly seeing in Japan is that they went through similar efforts to really make sure we stayed focused on the brand. We have an incredible pipeline of products come in. The DTC, the dotcom business is doing exceptionally well there too, and we continue to work with our partners really well, so a similar story in those marketplaces. Obviously, I think it all stems from great brand strength that gives us real great confidence about the long-term potential of both of those markets.
Mark Parker: Sure thing. Overall, the excess inventory in North America is really current fresh product and the largest portion of that really stems from the residual impact of the West Coast port congestion earlier this year. And it really consists of basically part of that was delayed. We proactively delayed some products in favor of priority products that we felt that would actually work well in the marketplace. A smaller portion of the product is the stuff that didn’t sell through as we would have liked in the marketplace and we are clearing that as part of the normal course of business to really keep the inline channel healthy and at the same time allows us gives us the room to bring in more new fresh products. So, that’s really what you see taking place. So, our efforts in the back half of the year as we continue is to expeditiously clear the excess inventory through our robust network of factory stores and we feel confident with the demand in the marketplace that we could efficiently move through the product.
Mark Parker: Yes, I will take that again. I mean, I would say that on Brazil essentially the brand is again very strong in the Brazilian marketplace. And obviously, with the macroeconomic conditions, it makes for a slightly different way of operating. But what we did say is that some of the fundamental things still remain the same, which is that what we continue to do is work to transform that market along the lines of the Category Offense to ensure that we can bring more compelling consumer experiences to retail and online that will drive both productivity and profitability in the marketplace. So again, similar story, but we are being very, very refined in Brazil. And we see this as a market for the long-term and it has tremendous potential, because it is a sports loving market, but we are certainly working through some of the opportunity that exist in that marketplace.
Mark Parker: Well, the apparel market is definitely different than the footwear market. It’s certainly competitive. We see the same opportunity to bring a premium performance position to apparel that we do in footwear however and that’s our focus. We are actually accelerating our innovation efforts, advanced R&D program and some of our design for manufacturing efforts in apparel are really aimed at trying to elevate our performance position there. So, we see some opportunities and frankly that’s our position of distinction in apparel is to really solidify the performance, the authentic performance position and take that distinction and then drive it across the rest of our business, across the categories and from the performance apparel standpoint and through sportswear. So, that’s definitely our plan and we feel quite bullish about it.
Mark Parker: Yes, Michael, I will start on that one. Just to add a little bit of dimension in terms of China, we have had strong growth across a number of the dimensions in that market. Our same-store sales growth is strong and remains strong. I wouldn’t necessarily call it as decelerating significantly or call it decelerating significantly I think as you noted. In terms of the prospects going forward, one of the things we touched on at our Investor Day was how much of our retail footprint we have impacted with our new category-oriented strategies in the wholesale marketplace. And if you recall, the number we gave at the time was that we have touched about 20% of that market in terms of our re-profiled doors and our more consumer-focused, category-oriented experiences. Those experiences continue to have very healthy inventory, much faster turns than we experienced years ago, strong comps, margin expansion and again, that’s 20% of the market. We still believe we have a significant opportunity in that market to continue to proliferate that across wholesale. And then again, one of the other things fueling our growth in China is our DTC business and notably, NIKE.com as Trevor referenced.
Andy Campion: Yes. And Kate, all I would add is to put it in financial terms, the macroeconomics obviously are impacting overall growth in the market. But specific to NIKE, we are taking share. Inventory levels in the market remain healthy actually and that is due to some proactive efforts in our regard in terms of managing supply and demand. And so to Trevor’s point, when we say reset, we are really talking about positioning that market along the category lines from a distribution perspective in that regard in similar ways as we have done in North America, China and Europe.
Andy Campion: Yes, Omar. You have got the different elements of the equation generally in line. As we mentioned, we have had gross margin expansion in the first half of the year fueled by what we do season in, season out, our expansion in average gross selling price, our management of product costs, etcetera. What you’re seeing in Q3 is more of a near-term impact and that relates to us more expeditiously clearing that high-quality but excess inventory in North America so that we can bring new innovative products to market over the balance of the year.
Andy Campion: Okay. And Lindsay, we don’t provide forward-looking FX impact on earnings per share per se. But as we noted in the first half, FX did have a significant impact and we do expect that it will continue to have significant impact in the second half.
Andy Campion: Yes. The futures are slightly more heavily weighted towards the back half. I would refer you back to some of my remarks in our guidance though. There are a number of factors that are worth taking into account in terms of futures and especially as they relate to revenue. That being the weighting of futures across the season as compared to just across this monthly reporting window as well as shipping timing and other factors. But in short, in terms of just the weighting kind of first half or second half of the year futures reporting window slightly more heavily weighted towards the second half.
Andy Campion: Yes. At first, what I would say is our full year guidance on revenue is consistent. So, very much consistent with our guidance 90 days ago or in other words, unchanged. As we look at it, the balance of the year and you are looking to futures as a proxy again number of factors and I touched on a few of those. There is also the timing of flowing product into the market around events and other factors, the timing of revenue recognition as you ship to wholesale customers as compared to shipping directly to consumers through our DTC business. So, I refer you back to our guidance, but the punch line on our guidance is that it remains consistent in terms of our full year revenue expectations.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, I will just add that what we also continued to do is we continue to attack segments within the apparel market by category that offer a more premium position. For example in the football market, the Global Football market, the opportunity to go after what we call football training is a great example of how we bring innovation to that segment. Similarly as we have done in Sportswear with the Tech Pack collection, which is a very premium offering, which is seeing tremendous success across the market all around the world. So, these are just examples of ways that we continue to, as you said, see the premium priced opportunity, but make sure we are giving the consumers great value in the apparel business by bringing innovation to the marketplace.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, I would just say, we expect that more of our inventory would be liquidated to our factory stores. Like we have said, we have got a robust network and we continue to feel very positive about the demand in the marketplace for the brand. And so for those consumers looking for a value occasion, we think we are providing great value at this – particularly with the recency of some of these products.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. I mean, the digital business obviously provides a tremendous opportunity for us. And I think as we often talk about, it really touches all dimensions of the company. As you look at the growth rate, the growth rates we’re seeing really will come from all the different dimensions of the business. When you think about the undeserved categories as certainly, as we look at the Women’s business, we look at the Young Athletes business, we look at the Jordan business all of those really provide great opportunity to growth from a category perspective, along with the big categories that are already growing. I would also say the same time that I think from a geographic perspective, while North America is currently one of the larger growing ones China has a tremendous, tremendous growth opportunity. We can see that as being one of the most connected markets out there. Europe has continued growth opportunity. So, we really do see as an expansive opportunity across the board. And obviously then there is Central and Eastern Europe which we have continued to see growth. So, it really is one of those cases where it’s a global footprint and we just see more and more opportunity the deeper we dive.
