Matt Friend: Sure, Bob. So, in the first quarter, our gross margin was down 90 basis points versus prior year, and obviously, that was a substantial improvement versus the results we had in the fourth quarter, really reflecting the strength of NIKE’s market recovery. However, Q1 did benefit from about 55 basis points of one-time accrual reversals that we had incurred in Q4. The biggest of which related to factory PO cancellations, which we reinstated some supply due to the strong demand we were seeing in the quarter. So if you add that back you get to a gross margin down roughly 145 basis points versus the prior year and that’s driven by markdown activity to work through and normalize our supply. As we look ahead to Q2, Bob, our margin will continue to be a function of supply and demand management, because our top priority is to normalize inventory by the end of the second quarter. And we expect Q2 will probably be more promotional than what we saw in Q1 because of holiday, the seasonal consumer moments like 11.11 in China and then this year we got Cyber Monday in Q2 whereas last year it flipped into Q3. And we also are seeing despite our strong performance a lot of inventory still in the marketplace and so that’s how we are looking at the first half of the year. As we look to the second half, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are expecting sequential improvement with a higher mix of full price sales and we will start to see the benefits in our supply chain from exiting the extra storage that we needed for inventory in the first half. We also expect though that we are going to need to maintain an investment and discounts in our factory stores, because we are not anticipating traffic to recover to prior year levels in the balance of the year. And so we are assuming that there will continue to be some promotional activity in the second half of the year to maintain conversion rates and unit velocity as we keep -- as we continue to operate through the balance of the year.
Matt Friend: Sure, Kimberly. You almost answered the question for me there hitting the points. But, yeah, so it starts with where John was in his prepared remarks. We obviously believe that scale for our digital business is going to drive significant financial benefits as we continue to grow the size of that business and leverage the capability that we continue to develop. I think there’s probably three key drivers of operating margin improvement that we see from leveraging scale of our digital business. The first one just relates to leveraging data and the data that we continue to gather as a growing business to create personalized product offerings for consumers. And the benefit that will drive is higher price realization and less markdowns of product that we are selling digitally to consumers. The second piece is also kind of connected to data, which is where do we place our inventory and how do we flow it, so that we can be closer to the consumer, and ultimately, lower our fulfillment costs, and we believe that will continue to -- that will be a driver as well of continued gross margin expansion. And then the third piece kind of ties back to what I referenced on our performance marketing investment in marketing. We have got to move deeper into the funnel, less new member -- moving from attracting and acquiring new members to retaining members, knowing those members and driving more engagement and frequency of purchase within our existing member base. And we believe that by running that offense, we will see more productivity in our demand creation spend and a higher return on our demand creation spend. And by doing that, we should be able to also drive additional operating margin expansion.
Matt Friend: Yes, Michael. So we are seeing a benefit from increased digital penetration on our margins within those two geographies. But I would also want to highlight that the strategy and the focus on shifting the marketplace, exiting undifferentiated wholesale distribution and focusing on our direct business and our strategic partners drove higher full price realization as well in both of those markets in the quarter, which also fueled our gross margin. And so those two factors in particular were large drivers of gross margin performance in the quarter. And then we also had some SG&A leverage in those geographies in the quarter as we were managing spend and working through new ways of working from a corporate perspective and that also helped to fuel EBIT growth relative to revenue growth in the quarter.
Matt Friend: Sure, Omar. Why don’t I take the first part and then maybe John will grab the second piece of it. So, yes, when we had our last earnings call, we referenced that we were seeing strong triple-digit growth in digital in the month of June. And what I’d say is that in North America, EMEA and APLA, we continue to deliver above or at 100% -- triple-digit growth in digital in the quarter. The place where we saw more balanced growth in the quarter was in Greater China, where retail traffic has recovered closer to prior year levels and is approaching prior year levels, but digital was still the fastest growing channel in that marketplace at over 30% growth. So the only thing that I would say that that might even remotely sound like a deceleration is Greater China growth as the marketplace is normalized. But we continue to believe that digital will lead the way of growth for Greater China.
Matt Friend: So, Jim, in the quarter, we continued to rollout RFID across both our supply chain and our stores, and given where things are sitting in the pandemic at this point in time, we were able to leverage the inventory visibility in order to be able to take advantage of some of the -- take advantage of the demand that we had across the marketplace and across our retail stores. We now have 100% of our footwear, as I think, we have told you before and 75% of our apparel tag. So, we got over a 1 billion units at 99.99% readability, which enables us to see our inventory now across all of our factory stores and there lies in our own doors and they help to accelerate our [O2O] capabilities by providing a clear line of sight to the inventory levels. RFID is going to drive improved inventory holding costs and it’s also going to help us reduce our transportation costs, both in direct and in wholesale, and we believe that’s going to be a critical enabler in order for us to create a fully connected marketplace for NIKE products across both our owned stores and our strategic partners.
Matt Friend: Jamie, it’s interesting, because I have a little bit of an outside point of view of this and I must say from a Board perspective, I saw the investment NIKE was making in digital and boy, you see the result of that, the fact that we have a clear digital advantage today. That said, having had a technology background, I feel like there’s so much opportunity remaining that we are still just scratching the surface of what’s possible. And so in particular, the way we think about it is, consumer facing digital, right? Demand sensing, little things. This quarter, we turned on machine learning on search and a little bit of improvement drove greater conversion. By the way, that’s continuous, so the ability to use AI and machine learning, digital demand sensing, insight gathering, digital marketing, membership personalization, even inventory optimization. I think we still got ample benefits and ample opportunity in the consumer-facing side of things. And those are things like in technology, they are not big bangs. It’s a whole series of continuous and ongoing improvements that by the way are very measurable and enhance growth or improve profitability. And then beyond that where I think we still have huge opportunities we now have one integrated technology roadmap and we are applying that across our entire company end-to-end and so whether it is the manufacturing through supply chain and the automation opportunities that exist, whether it’s using robotics or other ways to improve the efficiency and effectiveness, our whole product creation area. One of the people that is most excited about the opportunity to digitize is our Head of Design, John Hoke and just how digital can really enhance not only the productivity but also the creativity of our designers. And so we now have a clear three-year roadmap that to bring technology to every element of our operation and every element of our end-to-end business, and the nice thing about that is in almost every case, you can define measurable benefits, whether it’s enhanced growth, deeper connection with consumers or improved efficiency with automation and use of -- intelligent use of technology, so I think all of us view this as a real opportunity.
Matt Friend: Well. Hey, Matt. Thanks for the question. As I mentioned in the last call, we believe that the Consumer Direct Acceleration is clearly a tailwind or a fuel to our long-term financial model. Our goals and our principles related to how we financially manage the business are really unchanged to deliver sustainable, profitable and capital efficient growth over time, obviously, right now, we are in the middle of a quite an uncertain moment and pandemic. And while we are sharing with you our perspectives on the opportunities that we see as we look toward the future, the reality is that this environment right now is quite uncertain. And so what we are going to be focused on over the next 90 days to 120 days is continuing to clean our inventory, continuing to create those consumer connections like we have been talking about and really focus on our OneNike marketplace strategy, exiting undifferentiated wholesale distribution and focusing on the opportunities that we see for NIKE Direct and our strategic partners. And we believe that this strategy will fuel growth and profitability in line with the long-term financial model that we have previously communicated. Obviously, there are a number of factors that are outstanding that may create disruption over periods of time as we look at it and the most obvious one right now is just the pandemic and the impact it has on consumer demand and consumption in the near-term. And so, we are continuing to focus on the strategy and the shift because we think it’s the right thing to do long-term and that’s where our focus and attention is going to be at this time. We are investing in building this business for the long-term and that’s where our focus is.
John Donahoe: Well, Michael, if I step back, I would say, the North America market -- the North America retail market is the most fragmented and least far along of where it needs to get to of the major markets in the world. And so in this world, where consumers want a seamless, digital and physical experience, they want to know who they are, they want consistent premium, modern experiences. The North America retail market today is the furthest away from that. And so that’s what’s driving our OneNike Marketplace where we lead with digital, directly connect with them for all the reasons Matt’s already described. We then follow with our NIKE Direct where we have very premium experiences that are often digitally infused and then we work with fewer strategic partners who see the world the same way we see the world. And want to provide these consistent experiences for our consumers, want to provide the same level of knowledge and understanding so consumers know who they are, regardless of where they are shopping. Consumers want what they want when they want it and how they want it and so we are simply accelerating that transition. We are accelerating what probably would have happened in the retail environment on a naturally in the next four years to five years, we are going to try to drive it for our business in the next one years to two years. And that will for all the reasons Matt has described that will have financial benefits, that will have profitability benefits, in addition to having growth and market share benefits, which is what we are really focusing on.
John Donahoe: And Omar on the second, how cool is it to be able on a weekend to watch literally within hours NBA, NFL, MLB, NHL, college football, U.S. Open Tennis, a major golf tournament. And first thing I’d just add is to just congratulate the commissioners of the major sports leagues who have just done a fabulous job of bringing sport back safely, safely for the players and coaches and then providing what are unprecedented viewership opportunities. And so, we are thrilled about that, we are trying to work very closely with them to help encourage that wherever possible. We think that’s good for consumers and it’s ultimately good for NIKE. Does that continue and does it cascade down to college and high school and youth, I say my prayers every night and hope so. I think the -- I’d say safety is paramount and the more you get in a distributed environment and a less controlled environment obviously the more challenging that is. And so we completely embrace balancing safety but also return to sport. And I think the other part of this is not organized sport but we are seeing is and I think these things are related. People are more engaged as sort of this movement toward health and fitness and wellness, which I think started when people being confined to their homes. We are seeing it continue to accelerate. You watch a game on TV and you want to go out for a run right or you go shoot baskets in the driveway and so I think sport is so healthy for the world right now and we are going to do everything we can, including, by the way, some of the brand moments that we are trying to celebrate to reinforce. I just love the Venus and Serena spot. It just celebrates the power sport has in connecting with consumers and so you hear the excitement in my voice, I can tell you, all 75 people here at NIKE love sport, love sport coming back and we are cautiously optimistic that will continue until we get through this pandemic.
John Donahoe: And I’d just build on that, what Matt talked about last quarter. The real issues -- the real story is data, right? The way data then infuses that with the Celect acquisition, where we are able to forward deploy inventory to be able to predict demand reliably enough, where we can forward deploy inventory, so it’s within one to two day ground shipping to a large number of consumers across the country. And again, that’s where the scale competitive advantage comes from in our supply chain because we will be able to forecast demand, get the right inventory in the right places to get it to consumers quickly both for ourselves and maybe even over time, that’s an added benefit for our strategic wholesale partners.
