Charlie Denson: Hey, Don, maybe I’ll just step in real quick and correct, make a quick correction. I believe I misstated the China futures number when I said 6%, when it’s actually 16%, which is what it is in the press release. So I apologize for that.
Charlie Denson: Hi. Bob, this is Charlie. No, I think it’s as good as it looks. We’re seeing a very strong brand presence around the world. And I think the innovation that we’re introducing into the marketplace through the product lines that are coming in are being very well received. I think a lot of the things that are going on in both footwear and especially in apparel. I think one of the numbers I’m most proud of right now is the continued acceleration we’re seeing in apparel. But in both footwear and apparel, coming out of the World Cup, we’ve got the best Basketball Festival coming on and we’ve got very strong sell-throughs in the marketplace, gives us a lot of confidence as we look out to the future.
Charlie Denson: Yeah. This is Charlie. It’s, well, football is the leader of the pack, which we are very, very pleased to see the leverage that we are getting off of both the World Cup event itself and obviously the spend that we’ve put into it. So but I think it does have a halo effect over some of the other categories. When you talk about football and the sportswear side of it, that is one of the bigger opportunities I think we talked about when we were in New York on a longer-term basis, because we really feel like that particular area is underdeveloped and we believe we have a great position and a great story to bring to that. Action sports continues to grow in Europe, as does running and training. So, again, the European business, I don’t want to get too far out ahead here. It’s still -- we’re not seeing as much acceleration as we are seeing in places like China or the emerging markets but we do feel like it is a stable market and has a pretty decent long-term growth position to be in.
Charlie Denson: Yeah. So, I think, I mentioned this in the prepared remarks. Our women’s training numbers for holiday we were very pleased with based on the results and being received with some of the new product in response to what’s going on in women’s training. As we’ve stated, we really do believe in our free concept and we believe it is a great solution and provides great benefits to the consumer. And then you will see an accelerated introduction into spring and summer as we continue to capture more and more of that female consumer.Eric Tracy – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Charlie Denson: Well, as we’ve stated, we’re starting to move more aggressively into that -- into the second, third and fourth-tier cities. We are still finding considerable demand and interest around the NIKE Brand as it is today. We continue as Don just talked about, looking at pricing options and product introductions that may be on the lower end of the Nike product range, as well as, looking at different opportunities that we may have with some of the other brands in the portfolio. So we’re still very bullish, certainly from a Nike brand standpoint, but also the opportunities that exist for some of the other brands in the portfolio are something that we’re taking into consideration as we look at it over the next couple of years.
Charlie Denson: Yeah.Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. When you talk about sportswear, just so I’m clear, when you’re talking about more Air Force 1 and that type of product distribution and…
Charlie Denson: With regards to the World Cup?Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: No. Excluding World Cup products…
Charlie Denson: Sure, sure. No, again, pretty consistent story outside the United States as well. Performance is the driving force, apparel and footwear. The apparel numbers internationally are doing very well, led by performance. Running is the leading category with regards to what’s driving it outside and beyond football. And then, as we look at basketball globally, it is something we’re very excited about, not only the growth in China, but the growth overall internationally coming out of the Americas, as well as, starting to become a significant impact in some of the European markets as well.Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Good luck.
Charlie Denson: Yeah, Sam. Then just one other thing on the operating piece, where we’re leveraging the direct-to-consumer piece into some of the partnership formats that we’re expanding on with some of the key partners whether it’s Dick’s, Foot Locker and Finish Line here in the United States or some of the other partners, Bell in China and some people in South America. So, and then with regards to demand creation, I think we talked quite a bit about where we are. It’s front-loaded for the year, World Cup, the basketball initiative and then a running initiative going into holiday, again, kind of lining up against where we feel our biggest opportunities and our most profitable returns will come. And then it sets us up for the second half of the year, where we’ve got some new product coming in. We’ll see how that goes in and hopefully we can exceed expectations, but at this point in time we’re not ready to commit to it.
Charlie Denson: You know, Sam, I wouldn’t want to get into the model building. I mean, one of the things we talked about a lot is that when we see something working, we need to be nimble and we did that in the fourth quarter. We had a great campaign around Write the Future. We had tremendous product on the pitch. We felt terrific about it and we invested in it. And the results are coming in. So, I wouldn’t want to get into that level of detail but you understand the framework for how we think about it.
Charlie Denson: We’ll be buying our stock and, I think as we said at the analyst meeting in New York, our plan at this point is that we believe we can continue to increase cash returns to shareholders, that means increases in dividends and increases in share repurchases.
Don Blair: Yeah. That’s a great question, Bob. And as you know, we usually say to people, a good rule of thumb is about a 12-month lag in exchange rates. We’ve seen the euro and the pound weaken over a fairly significant amount of time. That’s really accelerated in the last six to 12 months. So we’re definitely going to get some short-term insulation from this, but as you know, you can delay the impact of the exchange rates, you can’t actually eliminate it. So what we expect to see here is the fact that last year, fiscal ‘10, we actually had some pretty favorable exchange rates because we actually put those on prior to the crisis. So we had some euro exchange rates that were in the mid $1.40 space last year. We’re going to start to see numbers that are more in the $1.30 and change as we go into fiscal ‘11. So it’s really the lag effect of the long-term strengthening of the dollar and the erosion of the European currencies that’s going to affect the foreign exchange in fiscal ‘11.
Don Blair: Well, just to hit it from a numbers standpoint, Michelle, the North America commentary about footwear and apparel, we had significant drop in closeout revenues for both footwear and apparel in North America, and that was the most pronounced. You know, as I said in my gross margin commentary that was a piece of the fourth quarter margin upside. We had a lot less in terms of volume of closeouts and the closeouts we did do were a lot more profitable just because we were managing the marketplace very proactively.
Don Blair: Well, at this point, I wouldn’t want to put a number on that one, but it did have an impact. That was one of the items I mentioned.
Don Blair: Well, first of all, just to give you a sense of how we think about pricing. I mean, we don’t look at this as an across the board exercise and every season when we set prices, we’re thinking about the economic environment. We’re also thinking about the competitive set, what’s the competition doing, what kind of value proposition are we putting in front of the consumer? So those decisions are very surgical. They are season-by-season, market-by-market. And certainly with the innovation pipeline and product and the strength of the brand, we have a lot more leverage around pricing than our competition does. But we’re going to make those decisions on a case-by-case basis. The hedging program basically gives you time to make those adjustments. You know, we can’t push back the macroeconomics forever. What the hedging program does is give us time to adjust the business structure. And certainly in Europe, I think the future is yet to play out. We are looking at that one very carefully. We’re making those surgical pricing decisions and we’re going to work the margin equation as we always do on a case-by-case basis.
Don Blair: You know, I’m going to take the foreign exchange impact on margins in the fourth quarter was really minimal. It was about 10 basis points up, so not much. And then with respect to SG&A, I think you asked it in terms of both demand creation and operating overhead. Operating overhead, as I said, is really direct-to-consumer investment, which is two things, it’s new stores and we talked about that at our Analyst Day in New York City, and it’s also infrastructure building, new systems, new tools and so on, offset by efficiency in our core functions. And then, as I -- I think you also wanted to talk about demand creation, so let me hand that one off to Charlie.
