Andy Campion: Yeah. Happy holidays, Omar. There are couple things we’re scaling there and enhancing the price value relationship. One being innovation. As I referenced, we all know it’s a relatively promotional environment, particularly in the U.S., but even within that environment as we’re launching innovation. At the higher end of the price spectrum, we’re seeing sellouts and incredibly strong demand, and obviously, we have always seen that as an opportunity to expand the entire spectrum of product offerings across price points as we cascade innovation across styles, categories and price points. To your question on digital, we also see digital being opportunity to expand the price value relationship, as well as full price sell-through. So on the first point, we’ve spoken about Editing to Amplify. Digital is where we’re probably doing that most significantly. So editing down our line or our assortment to the products that we know consumers matter -- the products we know consumers love most. Great example we’ve shared in the past would be the Air Force 1 and giving them fewer styles, but better choice and dimension within that and we are seeing strong demand when consumers get what they really want, they’re willing to pay that full price and they’re willing to pay increasing prices as we bring innovative products and new styles. And then we’re also seeing the opportunity as we move forward, as we build new capabilities that leverage demand signals that we get from consumers in terms of how often they buy, what they buy to improve full price versus off price sell-through.
Andy Campion: Hey, Bob. Sorry, we cut -- I think you cut out there at the end. I caught the NFL part, but that was about it.
Andy Campion: Yeah. One of the reasons we didn’t speak about closeout as a driver of margin contraction is that it was not very significant. Almost all of our margin contraction in the quarter was driven by foreign exchange. As you know, we have said time and time again over the last several quarters that what we’re most focused on was tightening supply and lining it up with demand to create a pull market and we feel great about the progress we’ve made there. Overall across the world, we believe our inventories are relatively healthy -- healthier and improving. We still have room for improvement and so we are keeping a close eye on it. And there are discrete pockets, but there is no dimension of inventory that we would call out as risk factor or an item of concern at this point.
Andy Campion: No. Actually, there are a couple of factors in Q3. One, FX remains a bit of a headwind, more than a bit, a headwind at about the same level and I spoke to some extent about that. There is another dimension within our margin that I’ll call out. As we launch greater volume and scale of new and innovative products, our tooling and other upfront product costs associated with new styles is amortized in the first season of launch, and that is having a bit of an impact in the second half of the year. In a sense, it’s one of those things you all might often refer to as a weakness that’s really a strength. It is a discrete anomaly within the first season of launch, but it’s really the benefit of this wave of innovation that we’re bringing to market. And so, as we go forward, those products have a very favorable impact on price value and margin. It’s just that this pretty significant shift up in mix of new innovative products in this second half of the fiscal year versus last year is having a little bit of an impact, particularly in Q3.
Andy Campion: Yeah. In short you’re right. I did mention that we did see significantly less contraction in the second half of fiscal year ‘18 than with the first half. The -- what’s beneath the surface of our results is we’re building momentum and we’re seeing -- we are going to see that momentum build monthly over the second half, particularly as we start to launch some of these products late in Q3 and then scale them in Q4. We obviously don’t plan the business on a fiscal quarter basis. We plan it on consumer time lines and we’ve got some pretty impactful consumer moments coming up and product launches. And so just to reiterate with what Mark said, we see accelerating growth in our Nike Direct businesses. We see the early stages of stabilization in a consolidating, but more importantly, transforming wholesale marketplace and that’s really positioning us well for growth as we exit fiscal year ‘18 and from fiscal year ‘19 forward.
Andy Campion: Yeah. From a growth perspective, one of the things that we are feeling great about and increasingly confident in, based on the success we were seeing in Q2 with the execution of our new strategy, lines up with what we communicated at Investor Day. We said at Investor Day we see North America being a mid single-digit revenue growth geography, we said we see Europe being mid-single digits to high-single digits, Greater China in the low to mid-teens and APLA in the high-single digits to low-double digits. And as you’re seeing this year, we are -- we have actually greater momentum than that in our international markets. And while we not at that current -- at that rate of growth in North America currently, the underlying momentum we’re building and the -- and that we see ramping in Q4 and then positioning us for fiscal year ‘19, we think gets us back close to that targeted range in North America. So I’ll tell you that’s one of the things we’re most excited about in North America. While we talked about less contraction in the second half, it’s really about the momentum that we see building as we get to fiscal year ‘19 and being more in line with that long-term growth algorithm that we shared at our Investor Day.
Mark Parker: Sure. First of all, as I said, the pilot has gone well. We’ve seen good sell-through on the limited selection of products that we have offered. We are extending the small pilot that we’ve got, as I mentioned, we know, I think, when this operates at the highest level that there’s a great opportunity between NIKE and Amazon to serve the consumer in ways that are mutually beneficial to both Amazon and NIKE. So we are extending the pilot. We were bullish on where this can go from here. It’s -- I think the important part is that we advance the brand through better presentation and then the sharing of data, yeah, so we can better serve consumers. I think that’s really what we’re driving for behind the Amazon relationship. And frankly, any digital platform relationship we have. Tmall, I think, in China, we pointed that out. That’s a great example. I met recently with Alibaba’s CEO, Daniel Zhang, a few weeks ago and we’re incorporating our brands on their platforms in ways that benefit both companies, and I think that’s, again, that’s the real opportunity we see with Amazon, as well as we move forward. We’re learning a lot and we’re bullish on our ability to extend that relationship, and continue to grow.
Mark Parker: As you know and you’ve followed us for a while. We don’t disclose the specifics of our partner investment or trade terms publicly. That being said, one of the reasons is, because it depends on the partner. And what you highlighted is great to mention on what that means in particular right now, which is, where we’re really focused on investing is with those most strategic partners who want to move fast, test and learn with was and prove out the financial benefits of more direct, differentiated retail, with higher levels of service, and that connect the NIKE Brand more closely to the consumer leveraging digital. And to your point, we are shifting investment or funding from more undifferentiated dimensions of wholesale toward those partners that share our vision and both Mark and Trevor discussed some of the examples that we are currently testing and implementing with partners. And we’re seeing great results early on from those experiences that are better serving consumers and giving them more of what they want, leveraging digital and in a more personally-oriented service environment. And so it will be a shift, but we are deep into those discussions, and in fact, we are investing with our partners already in that regard.
Mark Parker: Well, I think it’s more B than A. The consumer shift, I don’t think these are cycles as much as a response to specific products and compelling stories behind those products. We find that the esthetic of the product is absolutely essential no matter if it’s performance or sports style. We are, as you know, the largest lifestyle business in the industry with, I think, we’re at $8.5 billion in revenue in fiscal ‘17 and in Q2, our Sportswear business was the largest in our history as a company, and that was driven by both footwear and apparel. That said, the appetite for pure performance product is incredibly high. It also drives opportunity in Sportswear. So there’s a symbiotic relationship between performance and Sportswear that we are very focused on creating and leveraging. That’s really what sets NIKE apart I think in the end is our ability to take performance insights to drive unique product designs that we can then leverage for everyday lifestyle. And I feel really good about where we are right now as far as that’s concerned, and then as we look at the new platforms and products that we have coming Q3 and ramping up in Q4, I think, we’ll even be in a better position.
Mark Parker: Yeah. Hi, Jonathan. Happy holidays. I’ll start on that. It’s broad-based. We’re seeing growth in nike.com in every geography and outpacing growth in almost every other dimension in every geography. In particular, where we really see the strongest dimensions of growth are in the key cities and key countries where we’re really focusing execution of our offense. And that go a little even more narrow than that is Nike+ membership. We re-launched that in November. I would say the strongest rates of growth within digital were in the number of new members we got in the month of November alone, in the number of big members in November alone and what’s great is we were really closely tracking what types of offerings the member unlocks and other services were resonating with them most.
Mark Parker: Thank you, Jon. That’s all the time we have for today. Thank you all for joining us. Happy holidays and we’ll speak with you next quarter.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. And what I’ll just add is that, and Andy kind of touched on it. The thing that really grounds us in that discussion is really the consumer. At the end of the day, the shift of the consumer moving to what we describe as differentiated retail is a call for them saying that they actually want to be better served, and we see that digitally and we also see that physically. So that’s the conversations that we have and that’s why when we see the work that we’re doing, when we test, learn and scale with the partners, that actually see that, that’s where the conversations have been really pretty straightforward, which is the consumer ultimately decides. Our job is to create even better experiences. That’s what we’ve been working on. So a lot of the things that we touched on in the prepared remarks, whether it was the Sneakeasy concept or it was the work that we’ve done with Finish Line or JVs in Europe. They are great examples of how we’re better serving the consumer, and as a result, those dimensions are actually driving some more significant margin and better profitability. So that’s the reason why we -- the conversations are usually pretty straightforward.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. And I’ll just add that one of the things that we did talk about is, we’re clearly seeing the consumer shift to digital commerce and buying stronger online, as well as buying through the app. So one of the things that we have done and which, I think, is helping to fuel that growth is certainly as we rolled out the sneakers app in Europe, as well as in seven of the 10 key cities or key markets in Europe, we actually, it will go into Japan at the back end of this year. So we’re really excited. International business is again exceptionally strong and we see just continued growth rates. Also, we are also seeing strong growth with our partners like Tmall and Zalando and ASOS. All of those are really key drivers also in terms of how they’re actually working with us. So the fact that we’re on their platforms, we’re working with them very closely and we’re certainly seeing them be able to grow in particular segments, whether those are premium segments or those are specific category segments.
Trevor Edwards: And as we look forward too, we say that it’s never linear, right. So a huge part of that comes down to, in North America, we will continue to help transform that marketplace with the work that we’re doing with the consumer experiences. So we think that that will clearly have impacted, whilst at the same time, we’re obviously driving the digital business. So, we believe that, to Andy’s point, it will over time look in that way, but it won’t necessarily go just quarter-by-quarter.
