Mark Parker: Well Bob, first of all I just want to reiterate one of the things that we’ve seen over the course of years with our businesses is the strength of our business is much more a function of whether we've got the product right, the brand is strong and our distribution is really compelling than the macro. So I think we certainly have seen in Southern Europe some impact from macros, but I think our overall results in Western Europe and China is really driven by what we’re putting out there in the marketplace.
Mark Parker: Yes, I’ll jump into the – I have always said that focus on our DTC business, this effort to become a better retailer will make us a better wholesale partner, which is what Trevor just talked about, and I think that's really paying off. We’ve learned so much as we’ve committed to being a great retailer that we’re applying to becoming a really good wholesale partner that’s most obvious in the North America, in the U.S. market, where we are more advanced in the market segmentation that we’re doing with some of our top accounts and that’s the model that we’re working diligently on in Europe, Western Europe, especially and then certainly in China. We are in different stages of that development. But very confident that that model will actually translate well around the world.
Mark Parker: Let me add that the category focus in China is going to be more intense, we’re actually trying to zero-in on the shorter listed categories that have the greatest potential for growth. So we’ll have the more targeted mix of products, but the ratio of footwear and apparel we’re not seeing a dramatic shift in that ratio. That said see tremendous upside in the apparel business in China for NIKE to move forward and frankly around the world. That’s one of the – what I would call underpenetrated segments of our business today. But no specific targeted change in the overall mix in China except for maybe more of a focus in terms of the category breadth.Kate McShane – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Thank you.
Trevor Edwards: Yes Bob this is Trevor obviously. And probably what I would add is that, in both of those marketplaces that we’re talking about what we've certainly seen is our ability to stay connected with our consumer and build the brand has been sort of like paramount in driving the growth that we've been seeing. Certainly the thing that we're working on and did in both markets was to reset them to ensure that we continue to maintain a really strong pull in the marketplace. And we’re working through that in China, but obviously we’re seeing some really good results come through in Western Europe.
Trevor Edwards: Yes I’m actually super excited about the work that we’ve been doing in the women's business. We are actually seeing some really good positive momentum as we talk about putting those new concepts into the marketplace. The things that we focused on really was first and foremost get the product right and so as you commented on the Legend Pant, we’re seeing some great success with all the parts we are putting through. We’re really focused at the premium end and that’s been doing really well for us. We continue to connect with our consumers, obviously the Training Club is a great example of how we do that. And so the third area that we’re focused on right now is really the distribution. And really making sure that now we can get – give the consumer access to that product. That’s why we’ve created these concepts. As these concepts get better, we’ll roll them out into more of our retail stores. We’re super excited about what we’re seeing and the results that we’re getting.
Trevor Edwards: Sorry Omar, great question there. I think part of it is our strategy around our DTC, we clearly use DTC as an opportunity for us to really improve our assortments to make sure that we have the best lines. And so what we’re able to do is really use it as a spearhead and so what you’re seeing in our DTC doors is really great performance, because we have the right assortments coming through those doors. The more we learn, the more we then take those to our retail partners. And so what we’ve been seeing is our ability to drive a really integrated marketplace is really helping to drive these kinds of results. But obviously, we use our DTC as a lab, as it were and also is a way to ensure that we can get our premium products to the marketplace.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. I would say that our true intent in China is to make sure that we drive a more productive and profitable retail. And we believe that you do that by segmenting the market and creating greater differentiation, I mean in the marketplace. That gives the consumer more targeted experiences. At the same time, we’re working really on driving our merchandising strategies, working at the door level. So that we can ensure that the consumers are getting exactly what they need. And then at the same point, we’re also looking at driving a better operating platform that allows us to get the right product to that consumer at the right time. And so that obviously doing that will create more shifts, so that we have the opportunity to go for the next wave of growth that we see in China, because we truly see tremendous potential.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, the issue with Golf is really – it’s really much more of an operational issue that actually drove the weakness in this particular quarter. We had some supply chain challenge in Canada and that's really the impact that drove that. But other than that, the business continues and fundamentally being at really good place. So that was really just a result of just a small thing.Robert Ohmes – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much guys.
Trevor Edwards: I would say that the broader mix will probably stay the same how the mix actually affected at a store level will be different because we really are working on just making sure that we have the right assortments in each of the doors, but I think overall the mix will generally be the same.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, we continue to make sure that we improved the site and all the experiences. But you will kind of see those as they rolled out in the months coming up.Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs : Okay, thanks.
Trevor Edwards: I think we’re looking at in sort of a really two ways right, one is sort of making sure that we have great price value in the marketplace. So we always want to make sure that each season we go in and we’re evaluating the pricing that we’re currently setting to make sure that we actually are taking the opportunities when that there to go back to the right price, at the same time what we’re also doing is driving the change in the mix of our business. So you will see us really drive a lot of premium concepts certainly we’ve seen that across the board, and we’re certainly seeing really not a lot of resistance to that at all. In fact we’re seeing tremendous growth around our premium businesses. So as Mark talked about process really the complete offense, making sure that we are competitive on the one side, but also taking price when the opportunity prevails itself.
Don Blair: Yes usually we don't give that level of granularity by geography. Overall we were up. I believe it was 12% online. And one of the things to bear in mind is we had an extremely strong year last year. So we’re about 50% two year growth on the online business and we are continuing to be extremely enthusiastic about the potential for that piece of our business.
Don Blair: Well, the debt issuance does not signify any change in our approach to capital allocation. As we’ve been pretty consistent over the last few years that we believe we’re going to be throwing off quite a bit of cash flow. We expect to be continuously raising our return of cash to the shareholders, at the same time that we will be investing in the business. And that pattern of consistent increases in cash return to shareholders as well as consistent increase investment in our business is what we’ve actually demonstrated over the last decade, so no change there. The offering of debt at the time we did it, I think gives us tremendous flexibility in our capital structure and frankly those interest rates were outstanding.
Don Blair: We don’t give that level of EPS guidance. We try to give people parameters to help them understand what’s ahead. But at this point, I’d rather stay with the guidance that’s in the prepared remarks.
Don Blair: I think the conversation was about line-item guidance and I think that's where I’d like to stay on the guidance.
Don Blair: Well, you are exactly right. And in fact for many of those currencies it's really not very economical to hedge them, but over the last few years we've taken a number of steps to reduce our overall exposure, we have built an internal trading company we have really done some adjustments to how we source. And so we think we’ve done some things that have reduced the exposure. But the currencies like the Reais, the Argentine Peso, the Russian Ruble, it's not great tools out there to economically hedge them. So to some degree, we are exposed at some level for those currencies. And what we do is we really manage our overall P&L equation across the whole portfolio. So as we talked about these adjustments are there, but we're not so exposed to anyone currency and we've got lots of levers to pool across the portfolio to continue to deliver consistent growth.
