Charlie Denson: Hi, Bob. This is Charlie. I'll take the China one first. I don't know if I categorize it as out of whack, but I think what we see in China is just that it's still a very robust marketplace. We still believe in it long-term and it's a matter of cleaning up some of the inventory that we have in there and then moderating the flow that's going in, so that we are pulling it out and pushing them at the right pace to get us back to that pull market. I will just go back to the three things that we are really focused on and that's continuously building a great brand that we can obviously use as a launching pad for the future. It's going to be grounded in performance and we are going to have a premium position in the marketplace. The second would be just the product, some of the product issues that we've talked about, primarily in apparel with some of the fed issues. We feel like we're starting to get some of that addressed and some of the new product is finding its way into the market and performing well. And then finally, just around the distribution piece and making sure that we've got a great consumer experience there that we have part of that consumer experience is obviously finding what you are looking for in the right size, in the right color. So a lot of that has to do with product flow and a little bit narrower presentation in each of the different retail spaces. I think where we have started to transform some of those spaces, as we referred to earlier, some of the results are significantly better than what we are seeing across the rest of the fleet. So we are still very optimistic on the long-term. We feel like we have a good handle on where we are at and what we need to do and we are just going to get after it.
Charlie Denson: Yes, and there again, it's a little bit of a tale of the north and the south. The challenges are in the south with Iberia and Italy, but we have a great performance story in running. We are even starting to see some interest in basketball in Western Europe. But it's really being driven by the running business. Then we had a very nice response to some of the new introductions of our sportswear footwear business as well. Those are the two things that are driving most of the Western European success right now.
Charlie Denson: Okay, well. With respect to the futures we announced today, they are more back-loaded and you would expect that because we are overlapping the pretty heavy sales numbers, big sales numbers we had in last year's fourth quarter behind the European Championships and the Olympics and the NFL launch. So the futures are back-loaded in the window. As far as FY '14 is concerned, Rob, as you know, we are going to give you most of the color commentary on that in June. So I don't want to get in too deep with that. But what I would say is, we feel very good about the overall momentum we have got. I mean, Charlie and Mark talked a lot about innovation and the way the consumers are responding. We have also seen pretty broad-based success with the Category Offense. So, that's really a reflection of where we see the momentum in the business.
Charlie Denson: Hi, Kate. This is Charlie. I don't have the footwear numbers right in front of me, but I think I can very easily and confidently tell you that the running category is leading the way. Our women's running business is incredibly strong and we feel very, very good about it and then I will echo that in some of our new apparel offerings. I think some of the new presentations that you've seen in women's training in some of the stores certainly has resonated with the consumer performing very well and we are starting to scale that on a much faster pace. And so I think, I would say the U.S. market is leading the charge here and we feel very confident that as I said earlier, we had some real running room here and some potential opportunity. I think as well you can look to Western Europe and expect some good things coming out of there as well, so hopefully that answers your question.
Charlie Denson: And I would just add just one other point in the sense that the Mainland China futures number was flat. We've got a much more mature business in both Hong Kong and Taiwan and they are not unsubstantial. Those businesses are performing extremely well and so that's also affecting this number a little bit.
Charlie Denson: Yes, it's one of the better problems I like to talk about, I guess, is the demand that we have and the building demand. The allocation process is something that we have used for a long time. We feel confident and comfortable on our ability to manage it. I think some of the challenges become logistically how much product gets to where and when. That's been a challenge at times over the last couple of years. But as demand grows, we will continue to increase production against that demand. We certainly want to keep some of the very high-end products on a very short lease, so to speak, with regards to availability, but it's a tool that we use. We use it well. It's something we will continue to use but we will increase volumes as demand increases and continue to grow the business.
Charlie Denson: Yes, well, I am going to talk about the business. I will let Don talk about the margin piece, specifically. But the overall business, as we have referred to a couple of different times, we feel good about things going on in the north. Mark called out the performances in Germany, the U.K. market is coming out of the Olympics healthier than we have seen in a while, the Nordics and areas like that. The severity of the economic situation in Iberia and Italy, which are substantial markets for us is significant. We are definitely feeling some of that. But overall, as you look at that marketplace and you look at the world of sport and the world of football, which we feel great about going into next year's World Cup, we feel from a brand position and a business position, we are in a really good shape. Some of the recovery is going to be bumpy. I think we talked about that in some of the prepared remarks based on some of the economic conditions that we are facing. But the consumer proposition, and I guess that's the part I want to make probably the biggest emphasis on, the brand is in very good shape. We feel very good about the opportunity in both the near and mid-term and certainly the long-term. I am optimistically and yet still with some regard to the macros, bullish on Western Europe.
Donald Blair: We have some pockets in Europe with some promotional, we call it promo product. It’s a product that we would do for athletes. There is a little bit more specialized apparel products, we may have some pockets. But generally, we feel if you look at this on a global basis, we are in good shape. We are always going to have some areas of excess around the company, but one of the great things about the factory store network that we built over time is that we have got the ability to liquidate a lot of these products at a profit. So we feel, overall we are in a pretty good shape. As I noted in my prepared remarks, the one place that we are really laser-focused right now is on China. And as Charlie said, we are confident that we are going to work our way through that.
Donald Blair: Sure. The equation is extremely complex. There's a lot of different variables, but let me see if I can just simplify it a little bit here. We take orders for futures well in advance of when they go into the marketplace. But what we are always doing is, as Charlie talked about, is managing to a pool market, so we are really always very focused on making sure that the product is moving through the supply chain smoothly and that we don't let too much product back up and when we do start to see that situation we are going to restrict the supply that goes into the marketplace. So, the difference between what we expect to see going forward on revenues versus futures is that we are going to be putting less product in the marketplace than what was in the original futures order to make sure we manage the supply. If you're looking at what actually affected your Q3 results, we had those factors plus we were doing a little more discounting as well as making provision for bringing some product out of the market. So those, reserves that we would take for either discounts or returns to stock would actually affect the revenue number. The ultimate goal of all of this is to accelerate the productivity of the retail stores in the marketplace to accelerate the sell-through and make sure the Brand stays fresh.
Donald Blair: Well, in the near-term, as you manage through an inventory situation, you are going to see some pressure on the margins. The benefit of moving towards a higher productivity model at retail is, that's a more profitable model for everybody. So, the management of that marketplace, as we said, we are really focused on putting that in a sustainable profitable growth position. Charlie spoke to this, but the underpinnings of this are strong brand, driving a highly productive retail environment and we have done those things. We have a premium brand in China. We are bringing innovation to the market and we believe we can make the distribution system much more productive and that will let us keep our margins at a pretty robust level.
Donald Blair: Well, as we said, we think it's going to take us a few quarters to work our way through this. I like Charlie's phrasing on this. We are very aggressive. We are going to move as quick as we can, but we are going to be patient where we need to be to get it right.
Donald Blair: Well, let me frame it a little differently, because there's a lot of changes in product mix but if you look at the actual product cost themselves, we are seeing labor cost inflation and we are seeing a bit of a tailwind now because raw material costs are easing. Those things are largely balancing out and we are also seeing ongoing increases in price. So that's why the margins are starting to head up. If you look at all of our geography businesses and all of our non-Nike branded businesses, the only business where we had margins down was China. All the rest were up. So we are starting to see some positive movement there. There is currency. There is many other factors but that's bottom-line what's really driving it. We are starting now to see that the pricing and the material leasing is offsetting the labor cost.
Donald Blair: Yes. I think at this point, we gave you the top and the bottom line, and obviously that would imply some leverage at the EPS level. At this stage, I'd rather not got too deep on that, but what I would say is broadly speaking we continue to work towards expanding our margins and we believe that we are going to be investing in the kinds of innovation and growth drivers that you have seen us deliver in the third quarter. And, in fact, for the last few years. So, I don't want to actually get too deep into the P&L model until we get to June.
Donald Blair: I'd tell you, the demand from a consumer standpoint is huge. It's been steady since we introduced Flyknit this past year, basically catching up to demand. We are working hard to build that capacity. But as I mentioned, we are leveraging Flyknit, not only through running, but across the other categories. It remains one of the more exciting pieces of innovation, I think, for NIKE, in terms of performance, in terms of the aesthetic, in terms of the sustainability story, but I think and over time as we scale this in terms of the profitability that this represents, it's really changing the game of one of the more expensive pieces of the manufacturing process. And as we scale this, and I have obviously had glimpses of what's going on within the R&D pipeline and incredibly compelling product. We'll just leave it at that. Very, very exciting, and there is no question in my mind that this technology will allow us to do things we have never ever been able to do before and I think they will continue to resonate at a very high level with consumers.
Donald Blair: No. I think Jim that's a little oversimplified. Basically, you take an order six months in advance, you estimate what the market demand is going to look like and where the sell-through is going to go and you monitor along the way. That's one of the reasons we measure the sell-through information with our retailers and we put the product in the marketplace based upon the level of demand that we have and the productivity of the retail stores. So, this is a constant process of moving all the levers that you have to make sure that you keep the supply and demand in balance, so this is something we do working with our retailers in making sure we have the right amount of product in the marketplace.
Donald Blair: The only thing I can say about China going back to the prepared remarks, there was a timing effect in this particular report, because only the first month of futures is included in this window and it actually happened to be a pretty strong month higher than the overall season will be, so that's one of the reasons among others that we told you that those futures numbers are not necessarily what we would expect on revenues. So, I don't want to get into trying to reconcile individual geography, futures. It just gets too much granularity and detail, but the bottom line is, our guidance says we don't think the revenue is going to be reflective of that level of futures growth. We think it's going to be lower.
Donald Blair: Yes, and I think from a profit margin standpoint, I do believe we can improve profit margins over time and that's indeed what we aspire to do around the world. One thing to bear in mind with Western Europe is if you go back two or three years, which is where I think you are referencing you have to recall the Euro at $1.45 and today we are seeing Euro to $1.25. So I think there is an impact on the margin from the value of the Euro but an evolution of where we see the margin is going. Yes, we think that as that geography grows we can continue to improve profitability.
