Donald W. Blair: Well, Kate, what we expect to be doing as we go forward -- and this is not just an FY '13 approach, but we are doing season in and season out work to make sure that we've got the price-value equation in the right place across our line. So we think what you'll see for fall of -- what you saw for fall of 2012 and into holiday of 2012 and then onto the spring and summer is not as much of an across-the-board type of price movement as you saw in the last couple of seasons, but a lot more style-by-style, product-by-product price increase. So we do expect, over time, we're going to see more pricing certainly in the next few years than what we saw over the last 10. But you're not going to see the same kind of across-the-board price that we saw in the last couple of seasons.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, I wanted to -- Robbie, I just want to add one more thing. The other thing that's really powering our DTC business is really stronger operations. Those store operations are getting better and better. And Charlie referenced this earlier in terms of our learning that we can deploy back into the wholesale business as well. But our DTC operations are becoming more and more productive on a door basis, and that's also helping fuel the comps.
Donald W. Blair: I can't do it on a geography basis. I don't have that to hand, but what I will tell you on an aggregate basis, the constant-dollar futures are balanced. But from a currency standpoint, the currency comparisons are tougher in the first half of the window. So it's slightly backloaded on a reported basis but balanced on a constant-dollar basis.
Donald W. Blair: Well, first of all, the inventory information will be in the SEC filings. So I'd rather leave it to that in terms of providing that information. I think, as Charlie said, one of the things that is creating the speed with which the situation is developing is that we are managing it assertively. We do have good visibility into the channel. It's not perfect. But in China, we have pretty good visibility into the channel and when we see it building up, we're going to take action on that. And that's one of the reasons why were going to be managing our futures. So I'd say we're -- it's going to take us some time to work our way through this, but we have reasonable visibility and we're going to take the actions we need to, to clear out the market -- clear out the channel.
Charles D. Denson: Kate, it's Charlie. Well, I think, certainly, our ability to flow and merchandise the products into the retail marketplace is something we're really focused on. Retail productivity and profitability is a major focus going forward. I think it's paramount in the execution of the Sportswear strategy. With that said, continuing to balance the offering between performance and Sportswear is really where we're ultimately headed. I think something else that we've realized is continuing to really tailor a specific fit for the Chinese consumer is important, especially in the apparel side of the business and we're working on that. So we're still very bullish, long-term, on the opportunity, whether it's from the Sportswear side or the performance side. I think as we've said many times on the way, this -- the Amplify Sport approach, where we really build the brand off of our core [ph] performance positioning and leverage that into the Sportswear arena is the way that we will attack the Chinese market just like we do the rest of the world.
Charles D. Denson: Okay. Robbie, it's Charlie. Let me take the comp store number first. I think what you saw was an incredibly strong brand and some incredibly strong product coming out of the DTC numbers. A lot of that number was being driven out of the North American marketplace, the -- it's weighted where we saw a huge success in the North American marketplace and something that I think is indicative of our ability to continue to drive our -- both our brand and the business forward as we think about that. And with regard to the 6% number in China, it's really relatively balanced across both Footwear and apparel and Sportswear and performance. I would say that Sportswear numbers are a little bit -- I mean, the -- excuse me, the performance numbers are a little bit stronger. And I would also add that it's our goal right now to manage the supply into that marketplace. I mean, one of the things that we've always talked about is the strength of the brand in the marketplace and creating a pull market and making sure that our supply and demand ratios are intact. Right now, we have an overabundance of supply and we need to manage that as we continue to drive demand.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, well, I think, I mean, you're right, Robbie. I mean, you bring that up. I think the competitive landscape right now for us on the long term -- actually, we're pretty -- we feel good about because to your point, a lot of the local brands have really struggled and have continued to show an inability to figure out how to go forward. I think that offers up longer term some great market share opportunity for us. In the near term though, it really -- with the discounted products from all the brands in the marketplace, it tends to throw some of the market share numbers off a little bit depending on who's discounting the heaviest and who's moving, trying to move the most inventory. But that being said, I do see a consolidation in that marketplace. We've seen it time and time again around the world as markets develop, and I think you're going to see some of that in China as well. But we still believe that, that market has a ton of growth left in it. And I don't want to let that get away from any of these conversations, that it's still a very, very big growth opportunity for the NIKE Brand.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I think, I mean -- I think the biggest thing that we've alluded to is just the pace at which the change occurred. It's like I said. I think we've said it in the prepared remarks as well in a sense that we have been talking about this for probably the last 6 months, 6 to 12 months. I think the pace from which it has accelerated, I would say, maybe caught us a little off guard. That being said, I really feel good about the direction that we're headed. I think back to what Mark just talked about, our ability to differentiate our distribution network and create differentiation in the marketplace, which ultimately creates capacity. I think 2 -- or 1 of the other things that we certainly didn't see coming was the slowdown economically and what the impact that might be having. We don't look at that as an excuse. And we, in a lot of ways, look at that as an opportunity because I think it does shake out the marketplace. And I think you're going to see some consolidation. And I think that benefits us.
Charles D. Denson: Yes. I think, I mean -- I think certainly, your points are probably fair. I mean, obviously, the brand, the Footwear product has the capacity to really be more. I mean, as much as we feel great about the innovations we've introduced on the performance side of Footwear, a lot of it are just pretty cool looking. And in China, it's certainly resonating with the consumer. And I think that's why we continue to have some pretty good success on the Footwear side. And I think the apparel side is a little bit different in a sense that, that consumer is not as developed or sophisticated as a consumer in the western marketplaces, like Western Europe or U.S. That being said, they're getting there very quickly, which again plays into why we feel so confident long term that we've got the right offense and that we're posed to continue to grow in the long term. I think once we get through a little bit of this inventory issue on the apparel side and continue to work through the retail productivity opportunities, we're going to be in good shape.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I would say we have seen very little. There has been maybe a couple of styles. But overall, we're very happy with -- I mean, as you can see, the revenue numbers continue to go well. The unit numbers continue to climb. And so we're seeing some very strong brand strength and performance in sell-through at retail. And I think -- obviously, I think most everybody is doing their store checks and checking our sell-through rate. Certainly, here in the U.S., we have seen very little resistance to the price. So we are still very confident. And then I'll just go back to what Don talked a little bit earlier. It's just continuing to look at this opportunity case by case, from geography to geography, from category to category and really continuing to sharpen our ability to take price where we feel we have the opportunity and not to where we're taking advantage or we're going to get hurt on the revenue line.
Mark G. Parker: This is Mark. I'm going to jump in here. The strength of the category offense that you're seeing more in full bloom here in North America, it really represents the huge opportunity in China over the long term. So we have the strongest offering of product across the categories, across product types than we've ever had as a company in large part due to the focus we've had by category. And as we leverage that position more effectively in China, I think you're going to see that competitive advantage of NIKE actually extend itself.
Mark G. Parker: I wouldn't over rev on the apparel piece too much here. A lot of the advancement we're going to be making in apparel, I believe, is executing the fundamentals better. Charlie mentioned getting the fit more tailored to the Chinese consumer. We're doing that. And some of the early sell-throughs we're seeing there are actually quite impressive, and then actually just making a more directed assortment for our retail partners as well. So we see an opportunity there, just basically executing the fundamentals of the apparel business even better and then helping our retailers become more productive in that segment.
Mark G. Parker: And that's exactly what I would emphasize. This is about maximizing the profitability and the value creation, Omar. It's not about believing that we don't have the strength in the brand and the product to take the price.
Mark G. Parker: Yes. We're certainly looking at those opportunities, and I think you hit it. The innovation that we have coming in the pipeline, I think, is going to demand some premium pricing. We're very happy, as Charlie said, with the leverage that we've created, with the price increases that we've had. And I'm bullish knowing what's coming in the pipeline to see that we have more of those opportunities in front of us.
Mark G. Parker: Yes. Well, first of all, I'm very bullish on Flyknit, as I've been publicly stating since the very beginning there. From a performance standpoint, obviously, from a sustainability standpoint, incredible innovation that has the potential to really significantly, over time, decrease our product cost while we increase the performance. And we can do some things from a performance standpoint that are extraordinary. I mean, what we're seeing in the first stages of Flyknit is just sort of the tip of the iceberg. Some of the successive generations that we're already working on are incredibly impressive. And I say that not only as the CEO but as a shoe dog. Yes, I'm not surprised that we've got some imitation going on in the marketplace or attempted innovation. We expect to see that, but we'll defend our position certainly. It's very important to us.
