Andy Campion: Sure. We do see sustainable momentum in North America. As you know, our investor day guidance for North America was that we believe it was a mid single digit growth market over the next five years. And so, we don’t typically provide geographical specific guidance, certainly by quarter or for the full-year. But I would say that we have momentum going into the year, and that's really primarily fueled by new innovation platform that we are scaling, NIKE Direct, certainly NIKE Digital which accelerated to well over 30% growth, driven by strong results on SNKRS and through the membership. And then, I’d note that importantly, we have returned North America to healthy pull market. Inventory is clean, up only 2%; full price sales are accelerating; off price sales are declining; and gross margins are expanding. So, we do see strong momentum, sustainable momentum going in to fiscal year ‘19, but we aren't providing specific guidance by a line item by geography.
Andy Campion: Yes. Kate, if you refer to our earnings release, this is the time of the year where we actually report our revenue by category. And what you would see in the release is Jordan brand for the 12 months ended this fiscal year was about $2.85 billion.
Andy Campion: Sure. I will off start with your question around the impacts of Digital. It’s a great question and a timely question. As both, Mark and I detailed, we saw acceleration in Digital that quite frankly exceeded even our own expectations. It wasn’t by accident, we have certainly been investing both organically in digital experiences such as some of the experiences we have shared with respect to our membership initiatives as well as in capabilities. You’ve heard us refer to our acquisitions of Virgin Mega, Invertex and Zodiac over time. And so that acceleration is definitely a result of the investments. In terms of our evolving view of the impact of Digital on our economic model or how we create value for shareholders, we do see Digital being a platform that helps us better optimize supply and demand. We obviously get a very direct read and signals from consumers in terms of which products they are most interested in, and that ultimately helps us amplify revenue growth through full price sales. When we're leveraging digital in a more direct way, we obviously capture more of that revenue at the retail price. When we are leveraging digital with our partners, we do see a benefit from a full price sales and win-win relationship with our partners. Digital Commerce also has margins that are favorable from a mix perspective relative to our traditional wholesale brick-and-mortar business. From an SG&A perspective, I would suggest there are two ways to look at it. One is short, medium and long term, and then the other one is specifically more in the shorter term. I think short, medium and long term, what we’re finding is that the capabilities or experiences we’re building in digital are very scalable and they are scalable in efficient way. You think about creating experiences around the SNKRS or NIKE apps, and to the extent we have success in the markets where we launched that we’re then able to take that investment we’ve already made and leverage it in markets around the world. And we’re certainly seeing that for example with the SNKRS app, which is number one in Japan. In terms of free applications, we’ve seen millions of downloads of that app since launch in China, leveraging a lot of that upfront initial investment. So, we think it's a source of leverage. At the same time, because we’re focused on long-term and we do think digital has the ability to really inflect our value creation. We’re accelerating investments that we’re making in digital now to accelerate as down that path.
Andy Campion: I’ll just note that in the quarter, in North America, the return to growth was fuelled by growth in both footwear and apparel with a slightly faster rate of growth in apparel and part of that rate of growth was impacted by our new partnership with the NBA and Mark referenced some of the new styles that we brought the assortment with the NBA and then more broadly across our line in basketball.
Andy Campion: Sure. As I said, we see strong gross margin expansion in fiscal year ‘19, you know that our long-term financial model is to deliver as much as 50 basis points as expansion. And we have updated that outlook to be 50 basis points or slightly greater that’s led by stronger full price selling as well as over-indexing growth in our higher margin NIKE Direct businesses. While FX headwinds are now behind us, we are not forecasting significant FX tailwinds based on current rates. And based on FX volatility being renewed of late, we are being measured in that regard even as we look at to the second half of the year. We are forecasting, as you noted a bit of pressure on gross margin from select input cost headwinds within labor, oil, freight materials. And I should note that our margins -- within our margins different than many of our peers, we capture a significant portion of our supply chain costs, where some of our peers capture those costs in SG&A. And so, as we're investing to 2X Speed, we do have some investments in revolutionizing manufacturing and other initiatives that are in that line item of our P&L.
Andy Campion: Yes. As you put it -- I think, you said it was a nice problem to have. We see it as a great opportunity to really serve the consumers who have extraordinary demand for that product better. So, frankly, along the lines of -- the notion of 2X Speed, we are attacking that opportunity with a lot of urgency, not just because it is a revenue upside potential driver which it certainly is. As I said, the supply that we had, again, some of the demand we saw on some of the hottest styles was as I said a fraction of that demand. We also see it as a great opportunity to both serve in terms of product they want but also connect in a deeper way with passionate consumers, many call them sneaker heads who have chosen to connect with us as members on the NIKE app and SNKRS. In terms of 2X Speed, I think maybe even elevating, as Mark said, the digital transformation at NIKE is really an end to end notion. And when we think about demand sensing, the greatest opportunity we have is to sense the demand and even in a more nuance way, the signals and the preferences from the consumers that we are connecting with directly on SNKRS. We use things like notify me initiative, draws, preorders and we are coming up increasingly with even more creative ways to get a sense for how robust the demand is, either for specific products or for types of products that we may be planning to bring to market.
Mark Parker: And much of what you saw in terms of Q4 in terms of the momentum that has been building, we'll see that continue throughout the fiscal year. And I'll put an exclamation point on the products as being a driving force beyond just executing some of the basics better across the board.
Mark Parker: I'm not going there. I think, wherever he goes, he's going to help his team more than anybody else, I think in the league. So he's -- yes, everybody wants to know that question but I can't give you any more insight.
Mark Parker: From a pricing perspective, I'd say that the leading indicator in terms of the strength of the Jordan brand is that we're seeing strong full price [ph] sales. In fact, it might be an understatement to say that our inventories are clean in North America. And that was not a result of adjusting prices. That was entirely about right sizing supply and within distribution channels. And what we've seen is that certainly with respect to the hottest styles and the most iconic styles, we've had extraordinary demand, again the demand that outpaced the supply that we had planned, particularly with respect to our digital experiences like the SNKRS approximately. So, we continue to feel that there's great price value there and certainly as we bring innovation and storytelling to those icons and across the rest of the Jordan line.
Mark Parker: And quickly on Amazon, I would just say that our partnership is progressing well. We remain focused on elevating the consumer experience on the platform, we’re learning a lot, applying, and you mentioned Tmall, we did call that, partnership out in our prepared remarks, Tmall has been an exceptional partner for us. I think, the main focus is on elevating the brand profile and experience on the platform, and that will continue to be the focus as we explore next steps with the Amazon. And I'll call out our other digital platform partners to Zalando and Asos, and some of the others I mentioned earlier, this is a critical part of our digital opportunity going forward beyond what we're doing direct.
Mark Parker: Well, I would say that we're in the early stages here. To be frank, the demand that we've created from our SNKRS app has greatly exceeded our expectations and done so quickly both for men and for women. This is -- I mentioned this before but one of the biggest upside opportunities, I think we have over the course of fiscal ‘19 and beyond. The response has been phenomenal, and it's truly an area that we’re excited about catching up, meeting end-to-end, being in a position to serve that incredible increase in demand that we've got from sneakers and the whole sneaker culture which is now a global and connected community that is creating again incredible buzz around the world and incredible demand. In some way, it's just a great problem to have but we've got a lot of upside opportunity here.
Mark Parker: Yes. That’s a great question I'd say we're on the early stages. I mean, this is a constantly moving opportunity for us, design and product creation and the express line, the supply chain they are all connecting digitally; it's predictive demand planning -- sensing and demand planning is absolutely a critical part of advancing this capability moving forward. I feel like we're making a tremendous product - or progress in that respect. I think this next fiscal year will be an acceleration, the use of data to inform product design and capabilities going forward. And then, it's actually impacting how we do our -- manage our supply chain in our manufacturing flexibility in response time. So, I think you'll see a lot of scaling of the data and analytics capabilities for NIKE here in the months and quarters ahead.
Mark Parker: Yes. Actually, we see strength across both product types, footwear and apparel, both are competitive, market sizes for NIKE in North America but around the world. The health of the business both on the footwear and the apparel side is actually quite strong, and demand that we’re seeing, we’re equally focused on innovation, both in performance and lifestyle, and footwear and apparel. But, we see the results that we’ve rated I think in Q4 and the momentum it’s building. We’ll see that continue throughout the fiscal year, very bullish on both footwear and apparel, both performance and certainly Sportswear.
Mark Parker: And I’ll mention too, it’s across both men's and women’s. Women’s is a major growth area for NIKE, in both footwear, we mentioned SNKRS, and the sportswear success that we’re seeing, but likewise in apparel, again particularly in the sportswear area.
Mark Parker: It’s actually fairly broad based. We see it both in physical and digital, direct, and wholesale. But certainly on the footwear side, we’re seeing incredible spikes in demand as I mentioned with our Direct business, particularly around the SNKRS mobile approximately, and again, expect that to continue. On the apparel side, I think it’s more balanced.
Mark Parker: Yes. I think the underlying health of the business for NIKE in Europe is actually quite strong, beyond what we’re seeing in World Cup, and again, I think that’s both in footwear and apparel. Similarly to the North America, we have a clean marketplace seeing growing full-price sales, we’re outpacing the marketplace, overall. It’s the same dynamics. New product innovation is resonating, especially in the some of the key styles we mentioned like the Air Max franchise, the Air Max 270, the VaporMax. We’re editing our product mix, we’re creating more choice, but focusing on key products, and that’s really helping to drive our strength in the marketplace. I think the focus too on the key cities, with hyperlocal products, and a lot of it’s fuelled by Express line, it’s really clicking into gear in Europe. So, we’re over-indexing Europe. And again, beyond the World Cup, we expect that to continue.
