Andy Campion: Yes, just to summarize some of what both John and I said in remarks, and John just reiterated. We came into these circumstances in an incredibly strong position. Some of the highest full-price sell-through we've seen, inventories really healthy. As we go forward, we recognize that there will be some promotion in the marketplace. But as John said, we've also got an amazing pipeline of innovative and compelling fresh products. And what we'll be doing is working on the timing of the launch of those products and the flow of those products over time, so that while we're working through energy -- and working through inventory, we're also bringing distinctive energy to the market and to consumers. You asked about our licensed business. Just for context, our licensed business is a very-low single-digit percentage of our overall business. We'll have some impact on that business. I’d say, just keep in mind that a lot of these elite sport activities or events are being postponed versus necessarily canceled, although some have been canceled. But one of the things we recognize around here is our product -- some of our products has a little bit longer life cycle. And, come fall, we think we could be kicking off one of the greatest years in sports history.  Now you also asked about SG&A. So, from an SG&A perspective, the short answer is, we've got quite a bit of flexibility within our SG&A. And that's one of the reasons you saw us deliver profitability, even in Q3, when we were all a bit taken off-guard by the significant impact of COVID-19. We were still able to deliver profitability that exceeded the guidance we set 90 days ago. As I also mentioned, based on some quick and agile work across our cross-functional teams, we see SG&A in Q4 declining versus prior year. There's quite a bit of flexibility in demand creation. And actually it ties back to your question about sport. As John mentioned in his remarks, we've done some really creative things from a digital connectivity perspective with huge impact. So, quick, low-cost, extraordinary impact and we think within demand creation we can save quite a bit of our powder for the return to a sport that we see within fiscal year ‘21. Within SG&A, our liquidity and our access to capital allows us within SG&A to stay very principled. So, continued pay continuity as John talked about and at the same time continuing to invest in those things that even now more than ever we see as differentiator long term, albeit we'll do it in a more focused way. So, beyond that, there are quite a bit of opportunities with the operating overhead and CapEx. And when I said our team has just been amazing in terms of their resilience and creativity, it actually includes in terms of tightly managing our costs.
Andy Campion: Yes. So, Jamie, what I’d say is, while obviously there are some elements of these current circumstances that are unprecedented, we came into this circumstance with strategy. And our strategy was 2X Direct. That was a strategy that was not a NIKE-only strategy, it was really focused on driving more direct connections with our consumers, leveraging digital, both in our owned stores, online and with our partners and through their online presence. That's accelerating for everyone right now. So, if you think about the North American marketplace and Europe, with most stores closed both our owned stores and most of our retail partners, what it's really accelerating is that perspective and on the opportunities to connect with consumers digitally from a brand perspective but also expand our ability to connect with consumers from a product and service perspective. When we say partnership, it's not just transactional, it's not a back and forth transactional has a dialogue with our partners. We're talking to our partners about both, how we come through this period and then what we build for the long-term. And there are a couple of things that we're building. We're all expanding our digital pipe, so to speak. We in North America have already doubled the ability, the capacity to distribute product, one to one to consumers through our distribution centers in just several days. So, it's really accelerating what we saw is the future in terms of digital penetration. From an inventory perspective, right now digital is where the water is flowing, so to speak, or where the product is flowing. And so, we're working closely in partnership with folks like Zalando in Europe, as John mentioned. We already have an inventory partnership program with Zalando where we transact via their site and via their digital ecosystem and our digital ecosystem while leveraging each other's inventory. And we're working with our partners in the U.S. in a similar regard, managing the inventory they have on hand, the inventory we have on hand relative to them, and how best to flow that through their digital pipes as well as ours. So, I think in summary, what I'd say is, as John said, it's accelerating quite a bit of change in consumer behavior. It's also accelerating quite a bit of change in our partners’ behavior.
Andy Campion: Yes. I'll just add, Matthew that there are few really important drivers to highlight. I appreciate you recognizing that growth has been consistently strong in North America. And obviously, one of the things I should say is we are entering these challenging times in a position of strength. And as John said, strong brands get stronger during these times. So, we think we’ll emerge even stronger. For a little bit of context on the strength we had entering this fourth quarter, NIKE Digital continues to fuel strong growth in North America of a relatively extraordinary 33% in the quarter. We've talked to you about the significant opportunity that we think in terms of the Women's Business. Our Women's Business grew at a rate that was nearly doubled out of men's both in footwear and apparel. So, we're seeing strong growth there. Now, across footwear and apparel, our growth was relatively balanced, both in the mid-single-digit, and that's even taking into account the divestiture of Hurley, which was a largely apparel business and the shift in our business model with respect to the NFL, which is also largely an apparel business. So, what you can infer from that is we've told you we think we have an epic growth opportunity in digital in women's and in apparel. And when you take into account those non-comparables in the quarter, all three, including apparel are over-indexing, in terms of growth. So, again, we feel great about the position of strength we had and have from a brand perspective as we work through these challenges. And we'll be doing everything we can in terms of managing demand and supply and fueling our brand, so that we emerge even stronger.
John Donahoe: Sure, Omar. So, one of the real advantages, as you said of NIKE being a scaled global companies, we can extract learning and insight from each of our markets. And so, here's what we've seen, just to quickly recap, what Andy and I talked about, we’re looking at things through the lens of four phases to this, containment or the outbreak, first; second, recovery period when stores reopen; third, normalization, when things get back to growth from the prior year; and then fourth, return to growth. And the data from actually China, Japan and Korea was fairly consistent. Containment took five to six weeks, stores were closed, but the e-commerce growth in all three markets remained strong during that time, augmented by NIKE’s connecting with consumers around being active while at home. Now, all three markets are through what we're calling recovery. That is retail's opening back up. Consumers are back on the streets. And we're seeing as we move into normalization, retail traffic is coming back. Consumers are in the stores. They're engaged who are often wearing face masks, but they're back on -- back on the street. Interestingly, digital has accelerated even more since the stores have been open. Again, I think pointing to this blended digital versus physical experience is a thing of the past. Consumers don't think in those terms. So, I bring a sort of consumer technology lens, where we learned that consumers want to get what they want, when they want, how they want it. And they don't think about, I'm going to make a digital purchase or a physical purchase. A consumer may often start shopping on their mobile device. They may go into a store and have it shipped at home, they may order online and pick it up in the store. And what we're seeing in Japan, China and Korea is that seamless digital physical experience is responding to what consumers want. And I might notice, our business comes back in those three markets, we’re outperforming our competition, consistent with our mantra of ensuring that we come through this period in even stronger position and extend our leadership position. So, in the U.S., obviously, we're in much -- we're earlier in the cycle. We've closed the stores, we're taking care of our employees. We digitally connected with consumers over the weekend around health and their activity. So, our brand is present, day-in and day-out with them. As Andy mentioned, we're seeing very-strong digital growth, even in these dark days. And we're managing our inventory, so that we can be ready when target comes up.  We can't -- none of us can predict perfectly how long the containment phase is going to take in the U.S. and Europe. But, what we can know is when stores start reopening or while stores are closed, we're going to be there digitally. We're going to be there digitally with activity apps and commerce. And when the stores start reopening, we're going to be leveraging our strengths, our unique strengths with strong compelling product, a digital connection with consumers that is unmatched. The seamless digital and physical experiences at both Nike Direct and our partners are working very closely with our partners. In fact, in the last three days, I've talked to the CEOs of Zalando, JD, Foot Locker in the last couple of months, met with DICK's CEO, CEOs of our two Chinese partners. We're working together to be ready, when things recover and then our brands. So, I think it's going to accelerate what was already going to happen with digital transformation. Consumers will continue, digital's a more prominent role in their lives, you'll see more digital growth. And I think the shape of the future marketplace where differentiated retail thrives on differentiated retail struggles that will simply be accelerated. So we intend to drive both.
John Donahoe: Sure. I'll take that question, Alexandra. I think, what we're finding is that there are several levers from the perspective of resetting inventory or supply as one might say relative to the pace of expansion and digital demand, the reopening of stores and then the amount of traffic going to those stores and the amount of conversion. And so, there isn't a sort of one size fits all or not just one lever. So, what we're doing with our own inventory and with our partners is we're looking at a lot of different levers. We're looking at realigning our product offer dates. So, not only do we have some inventory going into these circumstances, but we've got a great pipeline of product and we can move some of those product offer dates out to some extent as we work through this -- the inventory that we'll build over these weeks in which we're dealing with these circumstances in each market. We are primarily talking to our partners about managing inventory movement, the generation -- and the generation of cash flow with a view towards getting back to 14 to 16 weeks or so on hand in the market and 14 weeks or so on hand as inventory for NIKE and strong full-price sell-through. Some of the levers we'll employ in that regard will impact gross margin negatively. That's somewhat obvious. That could be promotion, it could be cancellation of orders. At the same time, none of those data points will represent a trend. So, what you're likely to see in the near term is a focus on supply and demand management that will impact revenue, may have a -- will have a negative impact on margin, but that is part and parcel goes with resetting that foundation for strong profitable growth. It's not a new trend, it's not a reflection of the strength of our product. In fact, John mentioned some of the launches we've had in China. We've actually had some product launches here in the U.S. over the last couple of weeks that have sold through at full price. So, it'll be a blend of working through inventory, which does have some impact on margin and a blend of bringing innovation and fresh, compelling new product to consumers. We probably would be looking for energy and inspiration and optimism.
John Donahoe: Matthew, maybe I'll just make a comment or two and then Andy, you can flush out. But, I’ve spent time now in several of our markets across the U.S. And I've seen firsthand how NIKE’s key city strategy is paying off. Andy mentioned the growth in New York, growth in LA being double-digit. And that is because both with NIKE Direct, and with our partners, we're getting closer to the consumer. Now, I'll just take a couple examples. I had a chance to visit the Foot Locker, very innovative store in Washington Heights neighborhood in New York where the entire display of the inventory and the merchandise and the whole focus is being of the neighborhood. And you can just see consumers responding. And that store is experiencing significantly greater growth than other comparable stores that Foot Locker has in the area. So, it's a great example of differentiated retail and the future of retail. We're doing the same with some Latino communities in LA, providing retail concepts both through NIKE Direct and with our partners that are getting close to what consumers want in those markets and give them more personalized feel. And when you wrap that around with a digital connection with membership, and the other digital tools, you can feel the energy and momentum. And so, I think at its core, this key city strategy that NIKE’s put in place in the U.S. and beyond, is absolutely paying dividends.
John Donahoe: Thank you. And thank you, Matt, for your last call. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Take care, stay healthy and stay safe and be safe everyone.
