Mark Parker: Okay. Bob, I’ll take the first one. So on basketball, we continue to see the basketball business strengthen. And there is no doubt that we’re obviously the leader of basketball, and there is incredible energy with our athletes. We see a really strong pipeline of products and we have the ability to continue to grow the game around the world. When we think of basketball, we always think about it as a portfolio NIKE basketball, NIKE Sportswear and the Jordan Brand. What we've seen is great momentum really across all those dimensions. First on the sportswear side, just to give you a one dimension, the Air Force 1 franchise is doing exceptionally well in the marketplace, and we’re seeing new stuff, like this special field Air Force 1 really become an icon and continue to grow. The Air Jordan Space Jam 11 which I mentioned earlier broke launch records. Then you have the you have the Kyrie 3, which is now the top selling performance basketball shoe in the marketplace. When you speak about performance, then you go specifically into the KD9, the LeBron Soldier to handed the Kyrie 3, are all driving double-digit market share gains in the $100 and $150 price zone. And then we’ve added the Paul George and then the LeBron 14. So all-in-all, we have really brought, a really strong focus around basketball. We are clearly focused. We’re on the offense, and we are incredibly excited about the products that we have come in in addition to the NBA partnership that we have on the horizon. So all-in-all, basketball really is just starting to go from strength-to-strength.
Mark Parker: Yes, well, let me just start at a little broader level. The retail landscape is particularly in the U.S. is not – is in a steady state. I think that’s obvious, undergoing some significant shifts. And those shifts really create some big opportunities and some challenges at the same time. I think the important thing to point out is that these changes are really being driven by the consumer, and consumer demand at the same time remains quite strong. But we know that consumer expectations are quite high in terms of product, the type of product they want, the innovation, the style. They want the product fast, they want it easy, they want personal service. So these are all things that are driving some of these shifts in the marketplace. And that's why we're focused on doubling the output or the cadence of innovation or speed to market so we can be that much more responsive to consumer needs, deliver innovation more quickly, and then doubling our direct connection, to consumers in the marketplace, using or leveraging the power of digital. So again, it's a market that's undergoing a lot of shift and change, but again, I wouldn't trade you our position with anybody. I think we're in a strong position to leverage our strength as a brand, as a Company and we expect to do that.
Mark Parker: Well yes. The reason we're putting so much emphasis on this Triple Double strategy is it's going to get us closer to the consumer, and put us in a better position to serve the consumer with the innovation that we're creating, do a better job of editing that product selection and really calling out the key stories. The good news on a macro level is that the consumer appetite for active and sport based products is I think at an all-time high around the world. It's just sort of part of the fabric of everyday active lifestyle. And so the demand for the product is definitely there. People want more, they want product that obviously performs at a high level, but also looks incredible. It's not an either/or. It's an and proposition. And then want that product fast and they want it easy, at easy access to the product. So our whole initiative is about getting that direct connection strengthened to the consumer and making sure we're in the best position to keep that cadence of innovation moving out to the market as quickly as we can. It also puts us in a position to be more responsive. When we see product that's hot, we can turn that product around a lot quicker and get it to the retailers and to our own -- for our own DTC, to the consumer a lot quicker.  So overall, it's just making us more competitive and more responsive to where the consumers are at. The Express Lane, let me just touch on that, because you asked about speed specifically. There's really three different components of the Express Lane. Fulfill is one, and that means getting product more quickly, restocking product more quickly based on what consumers want, and that's real-time, and that's through sell-through based insights. Another dimension is what we called update, and that meaning editing materials or colors on popular or existing styles for models based on consumer feedback or insight that we gather. And then the third dimension of it is create, and this is basically creating new products from scratch and bringing them to market with much greater speed. Again, that’s in half the time that we’ve done it traditionally. So that whole end-to-end process is basically being cut in half today from six months down to roughly three months or less. And I think that’s again, it’s going to put us in a much more competitive position.
Andy Campion: And Bob, I’ll take the China question. The short answer is, the China futures in a low-single-digit range reflects purely timing impacts. As we continue to optimize our management of supply and demand and inventory, one of the opportunities we’ve identified is with the respect to the flow across the three months that comprise a season. And so we’ve made some changes that help us better identify opportunities and capitalize on being in stock in the marketplace. It also has a benefit to us from an inventory management and capital management perspective. We see continued strong double-digit growth in China. In no way do the futures reflect any change in our very bullish view with respect to the tremendous performance that we’ve had, and we continue to expect in China.
Andy Campion: Yes, well, these cushioning systems, all three of them, and in fact there’s four. If you listen carefully, there’s a fourth comfort cushioning system in the works. These have been in development for the past two or three, in some cases, four or five years. This is part of our double the investment in R&D, and we’re really seeing that investment paying off. One of the most important outputs of performance innovation for NIKE is in the area of cushioning. So we see – some of this work actually led up to Rio. The top three finishers in the marathon were all wearing the Zoom X technology, and also in the Olympic trials leading up to the Olympics. So you’ve seeing bits and pieces of some of this but not out in the market at scale. So we’re basically ready to launch the product, excited about every one of the cushioning systems. They not only create a new level of performance and incredible breakthroughs in the case of the Zoom X, but they also create a whole new aesthetic, which is translatable not only into performance product, but also to the street. So the leveragability and the scalability of these technologies is tremendous. The challenge we have frankly is to make sure that we’re – the focus is on these and we scale these in a way that we can really tell the stories independently. But together, they form what is truly – and I mentioned it, a cushioning revolution for NIKE and the industry. As a product geek, I am incredibly excited about what’s coming in the next six months.
Andy Campion: Mark. I’ll just add couple of other things. I would just say that what we see from the marketplace is consumers want both great performance, and they want style, and they want those two things together. And I think a great example of that is the product that we’re actually just launching, which is the Air VaporMax, which you’ll see that there are actually different variations to that product; one which is a very clear high performance product, the running shoe and we’ve also got a laceless version, which actually appeals to more of a style perspective. But the shoe in and of itself is both great performance and it’s also superiorly stylish. And so that is what we believe the consumer wants. So when we bring new platforms, you will see us bring more variations, that gives the consumers more choice on the thing that they actually love all the time. Go ahead.
Andy Campion: It’s a great question Omar. To be clear our top priority is investing to fuel long-term growth. So that’s where the dialogue with respect to SG&A or capital expenditure starts at NIKE. But we’ve identified is in over time, our growth has allowed us to invest appropriately, and in some cases in a very ample, maybe even a little more than we necessarily needed to. And I would think about this way. We have existing and new truly differentiating capabilities or competitive advantages in NIKE. Those include things like product innovation, design, digital, brand marketing, including sports marketing and our supply chain, especially the elements of the supply chain that Mark spoke too, the ones that we're looking to get greater speed out of, in service to the consumer. That’s where our focus is on investment. The other functions that we have within the Company are certainly important, but they’re not differentiate capabilities for NIKE and we look at those other functions as functions where we can optimize our spending, not just for purposes of saving expense, but it actually makes us more streamlined and nimble as an organization. So in some cases, our editing is aligned with shifting business priorities, or with existing business priorities, and in other cases our editing is really a form of zero basing in areas where we believe, we have the opportunity. And that’s what I would call from the financial perspective, my version of Mark's Edit-to-Amplify initiative from a product and business perspective. And we believe that we continue to have opportunity in this regard. Again, if you exclude FX, we've made ourselves much more efficient and profitable over the last couple of years. And we still see opportunity ahead in that regard.
Andy Campion: Hi, Lindsay. It’s Andy. I’ll start on that one. The first part of your question was about what we’ve been talking about over the last several quarters, and we have made great progress in that regard. You obviously saw revenue growth and margin expansion in the quarter with inventories declining. That is pretty squarely in the zone of effective and efficient supply and demand management. So we have re-solidified our foundation in that regard. As Trevor and I think Mark to some extent touched upon, we’ve also solidified the fundamental drivers of growth in North America. Trevor talked about all of the work we’ve done to reignite momentum in Basketball. We have continued momentum in Sportswear. So what we’re referring to when we talk about being measured in the short term in Q4 is the recognition and reality that it’s a promotional marketplace, particularly in North America is, in light of some of the digital disruption that’s going on. I think Kate earlier referred to there, select channels that are more challenged than others. What we’re most excited about is there are dimensions of the market that are tremendous opportunities. And so as we move into fiscal year 2018, what we’re really focused on is creating a springboard for accelerated growth in North America, again, through the triple double. And in the marketplace, obviously, one of those -- the three doubles is doubling our direct connection to consumers through DTC and our wholesale strategic partners.
Andy Campion: Frankly, we’re probably more bullish than ever on the long-term growth projection in North America. And why I say that is it’s becoming even more crystal clear to us that the strategies we’ve been employing to elevate the experience, the personal service of consumers in the market, digital, we’ve been leading the NIKE.com but also membership, we’re seeing much stronger growth in the dimensions of the market where NIKE is connecting with consumers. Of course, we connect with consumers in our Direct-to-Consumer business. We do it through concepts like House of Hoops, with Foot Locker. And as we said, in each of those dimensions, and when you get down to purely digital membership, we’re just seeing the growth outpace or the sales per transaction outpace. And so we see our way to incredibly strong growth in North America long term. There will be puts and takes in the short term. Clearly with innovation and disruption, comes both puts and takes. I think by analogy, you might look to greater China. Greater China is a market with extraordinary growth, by really focusing on aligning product, a NIKE-branded environment, both owned and through partners and digital to fuel sustainable sustained growth.
Andy Campion: Sure. So as you probably know Jim, and for others, we can't eliminate the impact of foreign exchange. And as you know, over two years ago, we saw significant strengthening of the dollar pretty dramatically and quickly against a lot of international currencies, particularly the euro. And we've seen a lot of volatility over the last couple of years. But largely dollar strengthening. Our hedging strategy is largely using longer dated. So 12 to 24 months out forward hedging to mitigate and delay that impact. So when I spoke to the $1.6 billion to $2 billion of impact over two years, on a rate basis you see those moves happened in the foreign currency impacts immediately. Our hedging strategy essentially steps us down or frankly in the opposite would steps us out, but steps us down to that impact. The largest single annual impact will be in fiscal year 2018. That said, it hasn't been insignificant in fiscal year 2016 or 2017, it is actually -- the FX impact has been a double-digit negative headwind on EPS growth. So while we continue to deliver strong EPS growth, what we're actually most proud of is that excluding foreign currency, that would be double-digit higher in terms of our growth. So that hopefully gives you a little bit more dimension, but we're not providing a specific forecast as to the impact of FX on fiscal year 2018 today. 
Andy Campion: Absolutely. And we have certainly done that over fiscal year 2016 and 2017. First and foremost is growth. We are obviously a growth company and in fact with attacking compelling growth opportunities in the market. Long-term obviously is our focus but in the short term as well. I'd say from a margin perspective, the underlying drivers of gross margin expansion are very strong and we see those being very strong in fiscal year 2018 versus fiscal year 2017, again on a currency neutral basis. I mentioned that we continue to see opportunity to become even more fit for growth from an SG&A perspective through Editing to Amplify. And what I would say is most importantly for us in the short term is how we're executing against our long-term strategy. And that's what we’re going to be most focused on as we finalize our plans for 2018 and as we move through 2018, as executing against Triple Double that Mark referenced.
