Mark Parker: Okay. Just to -- let me just give you just a little recap on the inventory as we discussed. Obviously we’re working to efficiently clear all the excess inventory and we actually made good progress in Q3, specifically on the flow of products is actually working through our North American distribution network is now normalizing. We also prioritize liquidation through our factory stores and we selectively utilized third party value channels. And we continue to actively manage the flow of the product in the inline market place to ensure that we can have the healthy pull market by the end of fiscal year ’16. At the same time the inventory is relatively fresh, its all very fresh product and so we feel good about where we are today in terms of making progress, and we don’t see any increasing areas, its really isolated to North America and its not a global issues.
Mark Parker: I’m going to add the product area, product innovation. Innovational basically in product and in manufacturing continues to be a priority and a major opportunity for the company.
Mark Parker: Yes, and Lindsay I’ll just add, in terms of dimensions of the marketplace, we’re seeing very strong comps in our owned doors. We’re seeing incredible growth in nike.com, and comps in the doors that we’ve re-profiled in the wholesale market place with our partners continue to be strong, and actually the -- what we’re implementing in those doors to feel growth is cascading into the rest of the market. But there is still a tremendous opportunity in the broader market in China as well as in our nike.com and other DTC businesses.
Mark Parker: Okay. Sure, let me hit -- you asked about revenue and SG&A. Our guidance for the full year remains consistent with 90 days ago Omar, both our revenue guidance as well as our SG&A guidance. One thing that has certainly transpired is we’ve moved forward a quarter. And so while we gave you full year guidance 90 days ago, you now have actuals and we’re given more specific items with respect to Q4. And as you know, we don’t manage line item-by-line item quarter-by-quarter but more the long-term focus and our trajectory continues on the same track. So I think what you’re seeing is you’re just getting a little bit more detail quarter-by-quarter, that one; it’s just the passage of time and two; the operating actions that we take in each quarter again are with more of a holistic focus than just adhering strictly to a line item-by-line item plan.
Mark Parker: Well, first of all what you saw last week what we introduced last week in New York was, some of what is coming over the next year. So our -- with this in the Olympic years, we always have more innovation coming out of the pipeline than normally. I mean it’s pretty much the cycle that we’ve been on. It’s a focus that we’ve had in delivering innovation really since the past two or three decades. But I think what you saw last week was more at one time than we’ve ever introduced. We’ve actually edited that. There’s more innovation than what we showed in New York, both in product and on the digital front. That said, we’re incredibly proud of the spectrum, the scope of innovation that we had in footwear, in apparel, competitively in sportswear really much across the spectrum, the complete offense that I had talked about. And then in digital, obviously that continues to be incredibly important for us. I think you’ll see a stream of innovation coming from NIKE in that area. It continues to a high priority for the Company and obviously important to the consumer and the athletes that we’re hear to serve. So that will be the norm I think that to see that kind of steady stream of innovation. And this is what fuels our growth in the end is, the scope and the power of the innovation we have; not just in terms of any one product but the influence that those products have on all the categories and in some cases the brands within the portfolio. So we’re in a great position to leverage that innovation across a wider portfolio.
Mark Parker: Yes. As I said, this is a huge priority for the Company and a massive opportunity for us, not just in terms of being more productive and more efficient and improving our margin performance, but also in getting us closer to the market in advancing our sustainability goals, bringing customized solutions to consumers in the marketplace and that’s where the Flex -- this is where the Flex partnership is particularly valuable to us. We do a lot of work with Flex and we’re seeing the potential scaling that work between NIKE and Flex across our broader supply chain, both in our manufacturing partners around the world as well as even how we customize products here in the United States. So we’re very, very excited about where that’s going and the potential.
Mark Parker: Yes, Bob, I’ll start on that one. Average gross selling price continues to favorably impact margin, it did in the third quarter and I think when you look at our futures, you see that it’s having a significant impact on our futures growth, seven points -- percentage points. We continue to see strong demand for the innovative and new products that we’re bringing, of course in any given period we add it in shift as appropriate. But that continues to be in our view an element of gross margin expansion that we believe we can sustain.
Mark Parker: I mean I’ll tell you, in the beginning part of your question, I’ll kind of give you a big yes, yes, yes on all those dimensions in the sense that, our sportswear as we always talk about -- our sportswear strategy is aligned with our Amplify strategy. So we always drive a performance business and then amplify our sportswear from that. Right now we have incredible great products that are coming through on sportswear, that really hits on the multiple dimensions of that business, whether that’s footwear, look at the items line the, Air Force 1 Ultra Flyknit culture or the Huarache styles or the Roche styles all doing really well, the Air Max that we’re launching right now. So those are the great items in footwear. On the apparel side, we just launched the new Tech Knit collection which is doing phenomenally well in the market place, and so, which is a continuation of the Tech Pack, so we’re seeing that. And we’re also into that really multiple price zone, so whether it’s the most premium to the most premium value going all the way through. So it’s hitting on every single dimension. But what is true also, that you’re seeing sort of strong growth in the Jordan brand. So it isn’t one versus the other. We believe that the complete offense allows us to really drive and continue to drive all those dimensions of those business both from performance to sportswear from the NIKE brand to the Jordan brand, and that really represents the complete offense.
Mark Parker: Sure, I’ll touch on that one. As you know just two level set, we obviously reported futures to give you an indication of demand for the product we’re bringing to market at full price in the inline channels, and we continue to see strong demand for what we’re bringing to market going forward. We also gave you revenue guidance, so that you -- you get a sense for all of the items that sort of reconcile from gross futures to the total revenue for NIKE Inc. There is several dimensions of that. I won't hit all of them. We do report them, but just -- just to touch on a few of them. The difference between seasons and quarterly reporting windows, seasons in our industry are about a month off of our quarterly reporting windows. The waiting of futures by a month, both of those things, seasons and waiting by a month can be impacted by a number of different factors ranging from shipping timing to consumers to events, like the European Football Championships, The Olympics et cetera, so those are certainly impacts. And then, you touched on one of the two other dimensions. One is, the lag between the futures order date for our DTC business and the timing of sell through to DTC and the consumers. And that is the dynamic as we have a fast growing DTC business particularly led by nike.com. The other dimension is, that while futures represent the vast majority of our revenue, there are some pretty significant items that aren’t reflected in futures and can be growing at various rates. That would be always available. NIKE factory store revenue, Converse for example. So there are a lot of factors. What we try to do for you guys is, give you a sense for demand again for the NIKE brand at full price that’s futures, and then do that reconciliation for you and give you the revenue guidance.
Mark Parker: Yes, it’s a great question. And I think, as I noted we’re still finalizing our plan. And one of the reasons we’re finalizing our plan is, there are number of dynamics, macroeconomic dynamics that can be headwinds to some extent, but there are also opportunities that are presenting themselves. And so, our guidance is in line with what we talked about at the Investor Day, high single digit to low double-digit, currency neutral revenue growth. And we -- and I think what you’ll see from time to time, obviously mostly to the positives that we’re looking at opportunities to connect even more deeply with consumers, and so we’ll update you on our guidance as we move forward.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. As it relates to China, obviously we continue to be very excited about the continued momentum that we’re seeing in the Chinese business. The actual growth of 27% this quarter and then the futures obviously -- the futures growth is just what we thought was just amazing results. And the reason why we continue to feel confident about those results is the team there is really focused on driving the category offence and connecting with our consumers. The brand remains incredibly strong, and the work that we’ve been doing with our partners to re-profile the doors is actually paying dividends. They still represent a relatively small part of the overall -- of their overall business. So we continue to believe that there was still a lot of run way for us to continue to accelerate that business.
Trevor Edwards: Yes. And I’ll just add that, obviously our pricing strategy always centers on ensuring that we’re giving the right price value to our consumers. And right now the -- and continue going forward, our brand is very strong. And importantly as Mark kind of just touched on, we have an incredible amount of innovation. So we believe that ability to combine the brand strength along with bringing great innovation to the market it allows us to continue to actually deliver a premium value to our consumers, and that’s always the way that we look can drive our pricing strategy.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, I want to add to that. When we say complete offense, we talk about that relative to NIKE in general. But you can dive into any category, in this case sportswear and there is a complete offense within sportswear. Today we’re actually clicking on about every cylinder in sportswear up and down the price points, around the GOs [ph], current revenues of the futures demand, bringing technology into the category which is creating a great deal of interest from a consumer standpoint that the ability for NIKE to leverage technology in sportswear in compelling ways is what creates distinction for NIKE in this segment. And that is going to be the case moving forward. We’re very bullish on where we are with sportswear now but really even more on the potential of what lies ahead.
