Kelley Hall: Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss NIKE's fiscal 2015 fourth quarter results. As the operator indicated, participants on today's call may discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You'll find the appropriate reconciliations in our press release, which was issued about an hour ago, and at our website, investors.nike.com. Joining us on today's call will be NIKE, Inc. President and CEO, Mark Parker; followed by Trevor Edwards, President of the NIKE Brand; and finally Don Blair, in his final earnings call as our Chief Financial Officer, will give you an overview of our financial results. Following their prepared remarks, we will take your questions.  We would like to allow as many of you to ask questions as possible in our allotted time. So we would appreciate you limiting your initial questions to two. In the event you have an additional question that was not covered by others, please feel free to re-queue and we will do our best to come back to you. Thank you for your cooperation on this. I'll now turn the call over to NIKE, Inc. President and CEO, Mark Parker.
Kelley Hall: Matthew, the average selling price is up 5% and average increase in units is 8% that gets you to the 13% currency-neutral futures orders.
Kelley Hall: Thanks Robbie. Before we end the call today, I'd also on behalf of the finance function like to thank Don for his leadership over the years and his mentorship to me personally, and to welcome Andy as the new leader of our function. So thank you Don. With that, we'll go ahead and end the call, thank you all for joining us and we'll talk to you in Q1.
Mark Parker: I'm just going to jump into and I want to shout out Nike Running apparel is well, which has had an incredible run this past year and that momentum continues in to fiscal 2016. And as I said before, I was sitting through the innovation -- category based innovation meetings recently and our innovation pipeline for running leading up to Rio is incredibly strong. So very bullish on that core category for NIKE.
Mark Parker: Well first of all, I'm going to jump in on the NBA, very, very excited about our partnership with the NBA. As you now, there is great energy in the sport globally; you know we have very progressive league leadership under Adam Silver, really strong leadership there. Adam and his team, the owners have an appetite to really innovate and advance the game, which is perfect for us. We’re thrilled to be a part of that. We have three incredible brands that can play in this space, of course, NIKE, Jordan and Converse. We have on court brand exposure head to toe for the first time and that’s across the NBA, the WNBA, the All-Star Game, the D-League, it’s going to be a great opportunity to showcase our leadership in this critical category for us, not just here in the US, but globally.
Mark Parker: Yeah. Well, first of all, the passing of the TPA was obviously an important step toward what we hope is a final approval of TPP and as we’ve said before as you know, this will help us to accelerate the work that we’re doing with advanced manufacturing, will help us expand our business overall, I think certainly give us an opportunity to build local manufacturing here in the United States, can put us closer to market events, some of the innovation particularly in the area of customization. We are in the middle – Don had mentioned this briefly, but scaling our advanced manufacturing initiatives, which we’ve really been working on over the past three to four years, so you’re going to start see those scale, but opportunity to get some – translate some duty relief into investing in our advanced manufacturing supply chain efforts here in the United States is going to be significant we hope, I mean, that’s our goal. So that the idea is that we will accelerate and we will see some real benefits from that. I think you’re going to see the overall supply chain geographically shift a bit here and there with the advancements of new manufacturing innovation. That is a major priority for NIKE. It will give us the flexibility to create more localized manufacturing over time, and that will put us closer to market and again allow us to advance products, particularly in the customization area and to meet more local demand as well.
Mark Parker: Okay, I will maybe just kick it off this way and maybe just start at the top and just continue to reinforce what we certainly are seeing in our women's business is just tremendous growth. And so we saw obviously 20% growth for the year and which bring us to about $6 billion. So one of the reasons we think we were able to drive the growth is, because we are putting the pieces together. This aspect of being able to communicate very well with her at the same time making sure the products that we're bringing to the market are really, really strong. And so I think I've talked a few times about this aspect of brining innovation and style together which is really working for us. And then certainly as you sort of step down into the distribution, we are certainly working with our partners to continue to rollout shop-in-shops in many of the locations that you mentioned, but NIKE.com has certainly been one of the really great hallmarks for us, because we’ve seen our ability to really invite the consumer into our communications, importantly engage her, certainly with the N+TC app and things that we are doing there and then serve her very specifically online. And that business is growing at a much faster rate, faster than our men's business online and faster than the total brand online. So we believe that that really is providing a great window of opportunity for what we think is just going to continue to be great growth era.
Mark Parker: I just want to add that, the growth and the strength of NIKE in Western Europe is sort of smaller example of what we often refer to as our complete offense. So we’re seeing really strong broad-based growth across the various countries, across Europe, across the categories, across both DTC and wholesale. So it's a very healthy broad-based complete offense from brand strength and a growth standpoint. The brand by the way based on recent surveys is seemed to be the number one favorite sports band in ten of the key Western European cities, so that's all good news for us.
Don Blair: Sure. Well, we are starting to see some benefits out of that program and as you know, we’ve been on a long journey of working with our factory partners to improve costs in the factory systems and maintain the innovation and the quality of our products. So we’ve been doing things that are more evolutionary like lean manufacturing and just factory efficiency types of initiatives, working all the way to breakthrough things like Flyknit. So we’ve been getting benefits for quite some time. We’re starting to see some of the newer technologies coming on stream now and so that’s a part of the equation for FY16. At this stage, there are lots of other factors. There are some headwinds out there of course with labor inflation and FX, but on the flipside, we’ve done a pretty consistent job of raising average gross selling prices, our DTC business of course is accretive. So overall on margin, we’re pretty confident we can keep moving margin forward.
Don Blair: Well, I don’t want to get in to too much granularity here, because we don’t normally provide that level of granularity and as we’ve talked about on the last couple of calls Kate, there’s really been an evolution of how we think about consumer engagement and in today’s world, where so much of our marketing is digital, we’re investing quite a bit in digital consumer engagement and a lot of those costs fall in to our operating overhead lines. So there’s been a little bit of a blurring of the nature of those costs. Obviously from an accounting stand point, there is still clarity of it, but from a business standpoint, a lot of the things that we use to drive our business and consumer engagement is actually falling in to the operating overhead lines.
Don Blair: The point I would make too Omar is, we are really encouraged by the passage of TPA. We still have a little bit of ways to go from a timing standpoint to see TPP taken up by the Congress and then of course once it were implemented, it would take some time for those duty changes to be phased in.
Don Blair: Well, as you know, our model has said that we believe we can grow our topline at a high-single digit rate that we will expand our profit margins and overtime, we aim to deliver mid-teens EPS growth, so that is our goal, and what that would imply is that we are going to be expanding margins over time. The speed at which that happens is always a function of lots of different variables. We are really excited about the strength of our business at this point and think we are delivering some fantastic results as you can see from what we reported today. We obviously have a macroeconomic environment we are dealing with. So we believe we can expand the profitability of this business over the long haul, how that plays out over given fiscal years and quarters is a subject of a lot of different variables. 
Don Blair: Well, the front half, back half is slightly stronger in the second quarter than in the first quarter on the futures and that’s both a function of a slight acceleration in the back half of the window as well as slightly easier foreign exchange comparisons in the second quarter. So on a reported basis, a little faster in the second half of the window. 
Don Blair: Well, as I said in the prepared remarks and Trevor said this as well that we feel very confident that we're going to be working through that inventory in a way that's brand accretive and is not going to be problematic from a profitability standpoint. Again, not trying to get to any specific prediction of a percentage on one of the geographies, North America has done a phenomenal job over the last years of building profitability. They have a very well developed network of factory stores, they manage that marketplace very well. So, we are confident that we are going to work our way through that inventory in a constructive way.
Don Blair: Yeah. As we've talked about before, one of the things that we did really feel confident about is that the category offense is really providing us the opportunity to continue to uncover and unlock more growth in the marketplace. And certainly what we've seen take place is the brand is very, very strong in Western Europe. We are seeing really growth across the different territories. Obviously we spoke about AGS as well as in the U.K. and Ireland. And our partnership that we're doing with our wholesale partners whether it's JD Sports, Foot Locker and Intersport continue to drive that. Out dot-com business in Western Europe is also growing at an accelerated pace. So what is driving the numbers in the DTC primarily would be the dot-com growth, that's certainly a faster rate than the overall business. But our ability to drive more conversion in the stores where we currently exist still is taking place. So we've been able to increase the sell-through within our own doors. As we've always talked about, that learning, we then take that to our whole partners and that's really helping to drive the overall growth in the marketplace. So we continue to feel very confident about the growth. Again, I won't say that it will go on forever, but certainly we see a lot of runway for quite some time.
