Don Blair: Well, Kate, as you know it’s not been our practice to regularly give EPS guidance, but we do give you parameters on key line items. And I would point you back to the guidance that we gave in the prepared remarks and that’s where I would like to leave it for now.
Don Blair: Well, overall, our strategy as you know is to continuously increase the level of cash returns to shareholders. And as you know, we have done that very consistently with our dividend. And we do create our share repurchase program based upon analysis of value of the company and market conditions. So, over the long-haul what we would expect is that we would continue to deliver more cash back to shareholders. The specific timing of that is based upon our assessment of the marketplace, but we are confident in our ability to continue to generate sustainable profitable growth and we think Nike is a good investment.
Don Blair: And just to be clear, Omar, when we say re-profiling stores, it’s not just a physical format, it’s also the way we assort the stores and to Trevor’s earlier point this is already in a number of stores with our partners not just in DTC and those partners are seeing great results both in terms of sales results as well as margin. So, with respect to your second question to take the financial part of the question, we are still in very early days in terms of seeing the impact of some of the more transformational approaches to manufacturing. We are starting to proliferate that into our sourcing base but we think there is huge opportunity going forward on that.
Don Blair: Sure. So I am going to leave – need to leave the conversation around modeling with our IR folks as it all depends upon the individual who is doing the modeling, but as far as the way we manage this we do have a pretty robust hedging program or the developed market currencies because normally those are the largest impacts on our business and it’s relatively economical to do those sort of hedges. For a lot of the other currencies we have done quite a bit of work in the last few years developing natural offsets to some of the exposure by purchasing in multiple currencies and so as a result we have reduced our overall volatility. But there is a base line level of volatility especially in the developing worlds like Brazil, Argentina, Russia, Turkey that just is not economical to eliminate through the use of a hedging program. So unfortunately we are going to see some of that volatility flow into our numbers. With that said we have very diversified portfolio of businesses. And just as you saw in FY ‘14 we have a lot of levers to pull and we were able to deliver double digit growth in EPS even though we absorbed eight points of FX headwind for the year.
Don Blair: And I will just quickly add that we have a sizable investment and ongoing investment in DTC and that’s not just to create more premium points of distribution. It’s actually to help us elevate our business and how we manage our brand in North America certainly and then around the world. We are getting better I think at retail presentation, consumer experiences, storytelling, merchandising, product flow, assortment planning. These are the things that you have to do just to be a better brand in a better business. And so we are leveraging that investment in DTC that really drive more potential in North America, but then also it’s really a blue print for expanding our business around the world.
Don Blair: Okay. Well, let me just start with the biggest drivers. I mean, certainly, we start with the top line. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we have done quite a bit of work around our consumer value equation. And one of the things that the strength of our brand and the innovation that’s in our products means that there is a great consumer value proposition at higher price points. So, certainly, working to optimize that price value equation, we think we can continue to raise prices, particularly around product innovation and brand strength. And then the second thing is migrating consumers to premium product. So, that is definitely a trend we have seen both on the footwear and the apparel side. The second one is really making sure that we are working that product cost equation. And as Mark indicated earlier, there is a whole range of supply chain and manufacturing initiatives in place all the way from the evolutionary to the revolutionary. And the objective there is to raise the productivity of labor to reduce waste of materials and produce even more premium product. And we are driving hard against those. DTC is certainly a positive driver for us. And our DTC business has increased significantly in profitability as we have driven our .com business and also as we have gotten better and better as Mark indicated at operating retail. So, all of those are key drivers. They were key drivers in ‘14. We expect them to be key drivers again in ‘15 and going forward.
Don Blair: Yes. The one thing I would also underline from an economic standpoint is our focus is on productivity and profitability of retail. So for us from a return standpoint this is really driving more revenue, more profitability though a given size of distribution infrastructure which is not to say we won’t expand over time but the strategy is not adding lots of new stores in lower tier cities here. We are really focused on making our existing base more profitable, more productive for us and for our retailers.
Trevor Edwards: Okay, yes. Omar, I will take the first one. Yes, around China, yes, obviously we are seeing great results in the stores that we have re-profiled. So, we clearly feel that the reset strategy is working. What we are looking to do is continue to expand on the number of stores that we actually re-profile and so that we can continue to actually scale the results. Right now, it still represents a smaller part of our entire business, but we do believe that by re-profiling more doors, we will continue to actually build the business in the right way. So, again, we feel very confident about where we are today. We will accelerate at a faster pace as we kind of come out, but we certainly feel very confident of what we have been doing.
Trevor Edwards: Absolutely. It’s a question that we clearly always get that same question. And the thing that we would continue to say is that we see great momentum in North America today. Our futures growth of 11% continued to demonstrate that we can continue to leverage the category offense to continue to grow the brand and the overall market. One of the key things that we have certainly learned is by drilling down against any of the opportunities in the category, we can continue to grow. So, we see great growth coming from the categories that currently are perennial categories as I talked about earlier, whether that’s running, that’s basketball. Those are obviously our key categories, which will see growth and will see sportswear growth. In addition, we see great growth come from the other categories, such as our women’s business, our young athletes business as well as e-commerce. So, those are all very under-penetrated opportunities. So, we look at the North America and we see just tremendous growth potential in the marketplace. Overall, also we have our focus with our key retail partners around continuing to transform the marketplace. So, we can increase the capacity in that marketplace, which we are certainly seeing great success from doing that today. So, all-in-all, we still see tremendous ways to grow e-commerce, young athletes, women’s, apparel, all of those represent really great opportunities for us to grow in addition to the current and expected businesses, where we are doing well today.
Trevor Edwards: One other thing too as Mark just mentioned in China specifically last quarter we actually went in and upgraded our entire nike.com site in our China business. And that again is one of those things as we continued to transform that marketplace using all of the investments that we put in place we are now leveraging that in China specifically. So I think you will see that play out and in the future as that continues to grow.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, certainly. We absolutely see just great momentum in women’s business. Actually, it’s not only in North America, but actually across all the geographies. We are seeing great growth as we have gone in and certainly we are seeing really a strong brand position. All the work that we have done around the Nike training app has really helped to unlock a connection with our female consumer. We continue to bring really great products and premium products into the marketplace. And so she is very obviously excited about that. And then thirdly what we are also doing is around distribution, we have been able to go in and work at our DTC doors to use them, as Don said, as a sharp point to better understand that consumer and then roll that strategy out with our wholesale partners. Now, in terms of footwear and apparel, actually we are seeing growth on both dimensions. Certainly our footwear, on both running – from running to training to actually sportswear and certainly around apparel, we are seeing great growth in the women’s training apparel as well as in women’s running apparel, so again just tremendous upside here. And I think going forward, you are going to see us put a lot more focus on this part of the business, because we truly believe this is an area where we can be very successful and then we see great opportunity.
Trevor Edwards: I think from our side we are certainly seeing just broad-based growth across all of the Western European marketplace. And that we truly believe is a function of the reset that we did two years ago when we decided to really focus against the category offense as well as have a more centralized approach to the European marketplace. So, we’re seeing great growth really across all the territories and even in the Iberia, so the Southern parts, where it was struggling, we are certainly seeing strength in those zones coming back. So, we really truly believe our category offense is what’s driving that. And we are seeing the numbers actually go really ahead of any economic recovery. So, we feel very strong that it’s really about our approach in that market. And we think we have only just gotten started. We think there was just tremendous growth continuing to come through.
Mark Parker: I will just add Omar that we are very familiar to modernizing our manufacturing and really focusing on innovation with some key partners to transform the whole process. There is lots of opportunities I think to reduce product costs and we are focused on the ones that we think have the most potential to make an impact so we are selective as to where we can innovate and how we can scale those innovations. Flyknit you mentioned has enormous potential. We are getting tremendous response to that product we are improving or extending the scope of Flyknit across multiple categories. I think you will see over the next couple of fiscal years Flyknit and some of the other investments we are making in manufacturing innovation really starts to make a more sizable impact on our product cost reduction. And that will only continue to get bigger and stronger I think in the fiscal years to come. We are very bullish on this and it’s really important part of our strategy to contain product costs and then advance the innovation in our products at the same time.
Mark Parker: Well, we are actually investing in both. We are as I have said you have heard us talk about quite a bit we are investing in elevating the presentation of Nike at retail looking at how we can improve our ability to create a more profitable, more focused business, raise the level of execution against the categories, it’s really imperative that we will not only learn how to do that ourselves in that market but actually help to leverage those learnings through our retail partners. So the physical retail investments we are making in China are absolutely critical. I am really excited about what has transpired over this past year and then our ability through ’15 and beyond has started to scale those learnings across both our own retail and our wholesale partners. Certainly, we are very bullish on dot-com not only in China but around the world. We think that’s just going to continue to be a bigger and bigger percentage of business going forward and China is certainly no exception. Very digitally connected country consumer and that channel for us, that medium for commerce is absolutely the future. So, we are going to be as bullish there as we possibly can.
Mark Parker: I will add to this. The women’s business on the .com side has been incredibly healthy as well. And we expect that to continue through ‘15 and beyond and that’s a real focal point for us on the women’s side is that .com business. And then the futures on our women’s business are actually very, very healthy as well. So, we see a lot of momentum going into fiscal year ‘15.
