Mark Parker: Okay. Sure. Let me give you some perspective on how we’re looking at our Amazon partnership. First of all, I would start by saying that our overall goal is to elevate the consumer experience by better segmenting and differentiating all of our channels. Just as a backdrop, that’s foundational for NIKE. Every partner we have ultimately requires a specific approach and in other parts of the world, as I mentioned in my remarks, we’re executing with e-commerce platforms like TMall and Zalando. We’ve been doing that for over the past five years. With Amazon in the U.S., we’re running a pilot that begins with a small product assortment across footwear, Apparel and accessories and what’s most important to us is that we have the opportunity to elevate how the NIKE Brand is presented on the Amazon platform, and that includes the quality of the product information, and of course, providing a simple experience for the consumer. So we’re really looking forward to seeing how this pilot combines, ultimately the convenience that Amazon is well known for with NIKE’s brand and product power.
Mark Parker: Okay. Yeah. Certainly. Yeah. I want to touch on the Apparel piece first. I think, one of the things that you’re looking at when you look at the Apparel. If you compare it against the prior year, you’re making comparisons when we certainly had the corporate America. So we are seeing, it’s just a tough comparison in Q4, and in North America we’re certainly seeing that because we were doing also there was the promotional activity in the marketplace. Around Apparel, we continue to feel very bullish about our Apparel business. Obviously, as we go into the first quarter, we’ve got the NBA partnership that we’re launching and we’re bringing some more innovative products. So we’re trying to be excited and positive about our Apparel business. But not only in North America, but if you go around the world, we’re seeing really, it go from strength to strength. So it really is just a great period.
Mark Parker: Well, let me just start, Omar, with a little broader backdrop and these changes that we’re making around our Consumer Direct Offense are really about accelerating our growth potential. We’ve never really been about sustaining the status quo. It’s not a winning proposition. This consumer led offense for us is about getting sharper. It’s about getting more focused. And it’s about, as we’ve said, accelerating growth through the direct connections and then the elevated experiences in targeted channels and markets. So -- and as I’ve mentioned, it’s about innovation and storytelling, editing and focusing and we have a lot of opportunity there. We have to be better editors. I’m really confident that we are. We’re targeting some of the better innovation stories and doing a better job, I think of leveraging and scaling those across multiple categories and then we’ve got to move faster and that’s part of what this offense is all about. So we’re looking at going half -- taking half of the time out of design to shelf to the consumer and that’s a big step forward and we’re looking and continuing to scale that over time. So there’s growth if you look at it in all dimensions of our business and that includes channels as well. But as Andy mentioned, our focus is going to be pushing for the shift to direct where we have elevated experiences and that includes, as you mentioned, some of the app-based commerce that we’re working on. Some of the biggest growth that we’re seeing is in dotcom and some of the biggest growth on dotcom is really through mobile and the biggest growth on mobile is on app-based commerce, so incredibly exciting things happening there. So, overall, we’re incredibly energized, excited for ourselves, but also bringing our strategic partners and the rest of the industry along.
Mark Parker: And we expect the digital commerce platforms to be a bigger part of the picture going forward not just here in the U.S., but around the world. We’ve mentioned Zalando and TMall, but that’s going to be a bigger part of the picture for us.
Mark Parker: Yeah. That’s a good question. And really -- the answer really is there’s opportunity in every segment of the product creation process through the supply chain, part of it is in better planning, part of it is in better editing of the product itself and also the product line in general. But everything from rapid prototyping on the very frontend, all the way through some of the modernization techniques in automation that we’re pioneering with partners like Flex, HP, for example, are going to be critical factors there. But part of this is really staging, the innovation, tooling related, making sure that some of the more time intensive parts of the process or that’s where we apply the innovation to cut those timelines down tremendously. And we’ve already talked about the three different dimensions of Express Lane. I touched on update, fulfill and then create. And across those three dimensions, there’s tremendous opportunity. Update and fulfill is more straightforward because that’s existing product that we can rally behind quickly, and then create is all about accelerating the whole process from end to end. But again, I’m really excited about some real step change innovation that the Express Lane work is going to enable and also our advance product creation center here in Beaverton with our key manufacturing innovation partners.
Mark Parker: Yeah. That’s a great question. In that zone, one of the things, which is a huge, let’s say, benefit of the consumer direct strategy is to have better knowledge of the consumers. It’s one of the things that we continue to work on, which is to be able to have a better read on the demand from the consumers and then turn that demand directly into how we come back and give them the person they actually want. The part about membership is that we also get to know who actually wants what and what they desire so that’s part of the vision that we’re working through, which is why data is fundamentally important to understanding the consumer, who’s buying, why they’re buying, what they want, what is trending and how we can then put all that information back into our product creation cycle quickly to then bring, so we can scale against those opportunities, so it’s a key piece.
Mark Parker: All right. Well, thank you, Matt. I think that’s all the time we have for today. Thank you all for joining us and we’ll speak with you next quarter. Take care.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. And I’ll just add a couple things around the merchandising strategy. I think one of the things that we have been able to do over many years is really just execute a merchandising strategy that really delivers against a wide range of consumers really across the marketplace. So we’ve always been very thoughtful around how we segment and differentiate with our partners, ensuring that they have the right assortment that allows them to best serve the consumers with the right products and we will continue to do that certainly with this Amazon partnership. As Mark talked about, it is really a small pilot and it’s just a start, and obviously, as we continue to work with them we will -- and we see success then we’ll continue to think about how we scale it.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. If I can just add a little bit of broader context too, it’s obviously no mystery that the U.S. marketplace is undergoing quite a transformation. The consumer is leading a lot of that change and we see that really as a great opportunity. For us, it always starts with product. That’s how the consumer ultimately casts their vote. And the good news, I think, from our perspective is that the product that we’ve got in the pipeline as we mentioned is as strong as it’s ever been across quite a spectrum. Men’s and Women’s, young, adult’s, retro, modern, performance and Sportswear, so feeling good about our complete offense on the product side. But the important point is that product isn’t enough. It’s about better services and experiences and that’s why we believe in this Consumer Direct Offense, I think, enabled by our Express Lane and then creating more disruption through digital. And then a lot of the great work we’re doing to scale some of the app-based commerce that we’re doing. So it’s a very dynamic environment there, but we feel really good, we’re doing what we need to operate a healthy business.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. Mark, a couple of things I’d just add to that, which is one of the things that we’ve certainly seen in the landscape is the cities are really the center of the action where you’re seeing really trends drive from the city. You’re also seeing the acceleration of expectations in those cities. So one of the things that we did with our Consumer Direct Offense is we have a real complete offense in the key cities. What we mean by that specifically is before we had brand teams and maybe marketplace teams. Now we have complete teams from product to digital to creative teams to membership teams all based in the city and this is a big shift. And this is where they are able to really use the knowledge that they get around the trends in the marketplace to drive that connection with the Express Lane to create specific products to ensure that we could drive the business not only in that city but really across the market. So for us it’s a very, very important piece. I think the other part that we did with the reorganization is we really put categories, design, products and merchandise all together as a full unit and their job is to ensure that we create the most innovative products and concepts that gets driven all the way through the market and then also we combined DTC with our digital organization. So now they’re one unit and so we have a really a one way that the consumer wants to come through the journey of a direct connection with the brand, we’re able to now serve them both physically and digitally. So we’re super excited about this and it really does create an incredible opportunity for us to drive growth.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. Thanks for that. I mean, we’ve really seen just great, really great progress with NIKE+, both the sneakers app. What we’ve certainly seen is that they triple that they -- spend three times as much members on the apps versus those who just come through as sort of an everyday consumer. So membership really has tremendous benefits for us and from a business perspective and we are driving that commercially. We will also be expanding that really across into Western Europe, as well as in China and Japan, because it has predominately been within North America and that’s really just the start. I mean, we see a tremendous opportunity here and like I mentioned in the opening remarks, consumers expect more from us around membership and we have a lot more coming. So we couldn’t be more excited as the months go ahead. So stay tuned. It’s going to be fun.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. I have to say, I love how the CFO jumps in on the product questions. Let me just quickly add that the focus on scaling and leveraging platforms is a big focus for us, and one of the things it’s going to drive growth, and one of the things that this new organization, I think, is going to enable editing and focusing on those biggest opportunities to scale in the innovation arena is absolutely critical. Air VaporMax is an incredible opportunity, as we’ve seen, not only in performance, but in style. It’s bringing those two worlds together and obviously the consumers’ responded very well there. A lot of excitement around ZoomX, as I talked about and where that can go. We’re just seeing the very frontend. I’ve talked about React. We’re just starting to come to market with some React products and that’s got massive potential, and there’s frankly a couple of others that have huge scale potential that I did not mention and I probably won’t go any further right now. But that we’re really excited about. And then we have Flyknit, which getting outside of footwear for a minute and looking at Flyknit’s potential to scale in Apparel is tremendous. Some real performance breakthroughs there that also combine innovation and style. I know I say this, but honestly, I’ve never felt as energized by what we have from an innovation standpoint coming in the pipeline and that’s why we’re so confident.
Trevor Edwards: It’s -- like we said, right now, it’s really a small pilot and we have a very tailored assortment for Amazon, so that we can actually learn as we go through this. In terms of looking forward, obviously, we have tremendous plans to continue to grow our NIKE.com business and what we talked is we’re rolling out certainly the apps, not only around the world, but also accelerating the work that we’re doing on that. So you can expect that to continue to grow at a very strong pace. So we’re not giving any further guidance at this point in time, but we certainly feel confident about the growth that we’re seeing and it’s really is part of our Triple Double Strategy. And so the Amazon piece is just one element of how we serve the broader market by making sure that we are serving consumers wherever they choose to shop and making sure that that’s through our doors, through our wholesale partners, as well as through platforms. So we’re really looking to make sure we serve the consumer in the appropriate way.
Trevor Edwards: That’s -- actually this is a huge part of NIKE’s future, and frankly, many, many other companies is capturing and interpreting that data, turning it into insights, personalizing services, experience, and of course, products. And that’s going to happen at the local level and then we’re going to aggregate that more effectively at the Inc. level.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. Certainly. Obviously we continue to be truly excited about the opportunity of brand Jordan and how brand Jordan continues to perform. So it had a great year and we envision that it will have a great year next year again. One of the areas that we continue to work on is expanding the different consumer groups that we connect with. One clear opportunity for us is certainly the women’s business, which we see tremendous passion for the brand coming through there, so we will grow the business there in addition to continuing to drive its connection with Basketball, so the NBA partnership actually allows us to do some things with brand Jordan. So we’re very, very excited there. And we will continue to actually sign more athletes and teams against that business. So we recently did UNC Football, so all of those are really just examples of how we’re expanding the actual positioning of that brand to tap into new consumer groups.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah. I didn’t mention Apparel and Apparel also continues to grow at a tremendous rate. So again, just great opportunity around that portfolio and we’re absolutely committed to seeing it grow around the world.
Andy Campion: Yeah. It’s a great question, Bob. This is Andy. In the past you’ve seen platforms ranging from Free to Lunar to Flyknit. Start with a bit of a ceding based approach as we assessed consumer demand and we took the exact same approach with the Air VaporMax and the ZoomX platform, which was part of the Breaking2 initiative, which is start with a healthy amount of supply, but get a read for consumer demand and as we said, those products sold out within hours in multiple color ways. And so we, much like some of the most compelling innovations we’ve launched in the past, you’ll see us ramping those up or scaling those pretty significantly and that’s not just the same styles that we launch, but taking the actual innovation, the Air and the ZoomX cushioning system across price points and frankly across categories.
Andy Campion: $3 billion is an impressive milestone for Jordan, but the international potential for growth is, as we mentioned is really significant going forward. Apparel is still underpenetrated and then as Trevor mentioned, categories beyond Basketball and Sportswear are wide open. The Jordan brand has a huge base, a huge following not just here in the U.S. but around the world, so we’re excited about capitalizing on that and taking the brand to more people around the world. So this is a huge growth opportunity for NIKE going forward.
Andy Campion: It’s also a place where we can leverage NIKE technology and NIKE innovation in a new way. We can interpret that through the Jordan lens and that creates more opportunity for us as well.
