Don Blair: Well, first of all, we gave a range on gross margin and our actual results were really essentially in line with that range. And as we’ve talked about before, there’s a lot of moving parts in gross margin. As we look forward with gross margin, FX is one of the things that’s changing between the second quarter and where we expect the third quarter to be. As I said in my prepared remarks, we had a very small FX upside in Q2, basically because of our hedge positions. For FY15 Q3, so next quarter, we are expecting that to start turning into a headwind. So yes, FX is the major driver. When you look at the underlying fundamentals of gross selling price improvements versus input costs, we’re continuing to make great progress from an operating standpoint on expanding margins.
Don Blair: So, on your first question, this is a trend that we’ve seen for quite a while now, which is that with the strength of our brand and the flow of innovation we have into the marketplace, we have been essentially trading the consumer up to premium product. And that’s both on the apparel and the footwear side. So it’s things like Tech Fleece on the sportswear front in apparel or just generally the performance apparel we’ve seen in running, as well as a number of other performance categories. And on the footwear side, it’s marquee footwear styles, running, basketball, sportswear. So what this is is that long term trend to building product that’s premium for the consumer and can carry that price premium. And I’m going to hand the second question off to Trevor.
Don Blair: Well, let me wind back to the first part of that question. We actually are not pricing literally with either inflation or input cost. One of the changes that we made over the last five years or so is really focusing on the consumer as we set price. And really, it’s about the value equation that we’re trying to create with the consumer. And so when we bring innovation and brand strength and premium presentation at retail to the consumer, then you can move the consumer to premium prices. So we will obviously keep a very close eye on the consumer value equation. We are managing our entire P&L, including margins and costs and revenue and so on, and so yes, it’s part of the calculus, but the pricing is really focused on maintaining the right consumer value equation in the marketplace.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah, I’ll jump in there. Obviously, as we go through the results, there’s a number of categories and dimensions of the business, so we always try and give you maybe just some different flavors as to how the business is doing. So maybe speaking specifically about running, we feel good about the running category. It’s our biggest category and it’s what we always described as we really operate the complete offense. In terms of growth, for the quarter we actually saw mid to high single digit pace growth in the second quarter. In terms of the growth, it was actually pretty widespread. We saw particular strength in Europe as well as in China. In Europe, both dimensions of Europe, so Central Eastern Europe as well as Western Europe. When you dive down specifically into North America, what we have been seeing, which is really across the board, our premium products are doing exceptionally well across the marketplace. And so all the premium products, whether it’s the Structure, the Pegasus, the Lunar Glides, those are all doing really well. Where we have opportunity is really more in the lower price points and we are actively working to get onto that, and so we are bringing better products in the marketplace, and we will be doing that. But all in all, we feel very good about our running business across the board, but clearly there’s some opportunity for us to continue to make sure we sharpen our focus along the lines of the complete offense.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah, great question, obviously. You know, as we’ve always been talking about, we’ve implemented a reset strategy in China, and we feel very confident that the reset strategy is working, as you could see certainly with the growth of 21%. We felt great about that result. We also see futures up 13% as a very good indication that all our strategies are in place and we’re building them into the fundamentals of the business. And so as you’ll remember, the key to the strategy was making sure that we would drive more profitable and productive retail, and so we’re seeing both of those dimensions really hit. Both were actually increasing the sell through of product, but it’s also at a much more profitable rate. So we feel that we’re actually doing all the things that we’ve talked about. We feel very good about the continued trend on the China business. The metrics continue to show that when you look into working with our partners, their doors continue to profile really well. So again, we feel very good and the inventories in the marketplace are very clean. So all the dimensions of those businesses will suggest that we will continue to see continued strong growth in China.
Trevor Edwards: And maybe just to jump in there too, I would say that we also believe that with the category offense, it provides us an ability to continue to bring innovation on multiple dimensions all the time. And that’s what we’re seeing in many of the marketplaces. So we have been able to somewhat, so to speak, buck the trend. Having said that, Brazil is clearly one of the markets that we’re continuing to work on, to make sure that we stay ahead of that curve, and that’s where we’re working to accelerate the marketplace and make sure that we continue to implement our category offense more aggressively in that market.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah, I think you’re very astute, because absolutely that is what is taking place. I think on multiple dimensions. For instance, if you break into our apparel business and you break it out by segment, certainly you go by the women’s business. Our apparel business is doing very, very well. We’ve tightened the collections down. We’ve made sure that they actually work across the line. So we’ve seen really good strong conversions. Our apparel business within our own doors does exceptionally well. Our sportswear business, or the example of the Tech Pack, which we think is a great item and collection, actually, that’s working across the business. So we’re seeing strong conversion across. And one of the things that we’re learning, which I think Mark has always talked about this, which is by being a better retailer, we actually are better with our wholesale partners. So we’re taking that same knowledge of tightening the assortment and making sure that we apply that in the broader marketplace. And so we think that’s actually what’s driving the great growth that we’re seeing.
Trevor Edwards: Yeah, and I think as Mark just touched on, it really speaks to why we think the women’s is such a big and huge opportunity for us, and why we’re very focused on it. We believe we are absolutely on target to go after our $7 billion goal for fiscal year 2017, but we truly believe it’s not about that, it’s actually about beyond, continuing to really move the needle around our women’s business.
Mark Parker: As far as the Free and Fly Knit innovation from Nike, as I said before, I continue to be very bullish on both those areas of our innovation agenda. I recently spent time in our advanced R&D looking at some of the new concepts coming down the pipe here, some sooner than later. Very exciting developments in the free category as well as Fly Knit. And we continue to be as bullish as we ever have been on the potential, as far as both those areas are concerned.
Mark Parker: I’ll just add that the strength of the brand in China is tremendous. The response to the product that we’ve introduced is also quite strong. We’ve obviously made measures to increase our productivity at retail, and we’re leveraging that across both our own doors and our partner doors in China. So we’re very excited about all of that. And then as Trevor said, the inventory situation is actually quite good. So we’re bullish on the opportunity, and I’ll mention too that we just launched dot com here less than about seven months ago in China, and the response there has exceeded our expectations. So that’s another great opportunity for us.
Mark Parker: [laughter] That’s a good one. That’s a tough one to beat. We’re very excited about the football championships, and we’re very happy for whichever Nike team wins.
Mark Parker: Well, one of the things I’d say, just as an opening, is generally what we’ve found is our product and our brand are really the keys to how successful we are in a lot of these markets. And as long as we don’t see huge moves in the macroeconomics, we believe that we can continue to generate growth in the business. And we’ve generally seen that to be the case around the world. There are a few places where we’ve seen some of the macros start to, at least in the near term, affect consumer confidence. Brazil’s an example of that. Certainly we think over time we’ve got to keep a close eye on Russia. But generally, what we’ve found is our product is one of those things that consumers find ways to continue to buy and as long as we keep the brand hot and the product right and the distribution premium, I think we’ll do fine.
Mark Parker: You know, I will say, we’re known for our footwear innovation. We’re actually accelerating our commitment to innovation in apparel, and that’s really where we’re going to shine, I think, is to continue to really stand out from a performance premium apparel position, and then leverage that across what we talk about as our complete offense. And we’ve done that, and where we’ve really gotten a lead on that, we’ve seen the consumer response has been actually quite positive. So as an innovation geek, product geek, I’m incredibly excited about applying that even more aggressively to the apparel side of our business.
Mark Parker: Well, the opportunity I spoke to a little bit in my remarks, we’re seeing a big shift in women’s, just in terms of their participation in sports and being more physical. We’re seeing that online with the number of women we have participating in our Nike Plus and our training applications online. So the relationship we have with the women and the trend that we’re seeing, it’s not really a trend, as I call it. It’s more of a cultural shift. So the appetite is there for more active product, and we’re seeing that in both footwear and apparel. So the opportunity to really start to close that gap is tremendous. And we think that over the years ahead, we’ll start to reduce that differentiation between men’s as a percentage of Nike’s business versus women’s. So very, very bullish on the women’s opportunity and the response to the work that we’ve already done in elevating that part of our product and our communication.
Mark Parker: I think first of all, you’re right, in the previous quarters we were giving you a pretty detailed articulation, and one of the things we said that was because of the prior year comparisons, the futures growth rate and the revenue growth rates were not going to look all that obvious or all that intuitive, so that’s why we gave much more specific guidance on that market than we normally do. And once again, this quarter we gave revenue guidance of mid-teens growth for the year, because it is a little hard to read the futures and the revenue growth, just because of the prior year. Once we get past this fiscal year, we’re going to start to be anniversarying numbers that are a little more consistent, and we can go back to fairly normal relationships between futures and revenue. But for right now, what we would ask that you do is pay attention to what it is we give you as future guidance. That is our best estimate of where we think the revenue numbers would be. You’re still going to see some unusual relationships between futures and revenue for a few more quarters.
Mark Parker: We don’t necessarily see there as being a ceiling on gross margin. As I said earlier in response to the pricing question, this is really about creating the equity in the brand and the product and how we distribute it that enables us to be premium and get paid for our work. And we believe that we have opportunities in terms of the revenue portion of the equation as we continue to drive that value equation behind the innovation and the brand. On the cost side, we’ve talked about some of the things we’re doing in the manufacturing space. We’ve talked about just getting better and better at how we flow product, and we continue to see opportunities there. So we don’t see that previous peak as somehow a magical ceiling. As I said in my earlier remarks, it’s a signpost on the journey, but we believe that we can continue to create that value in the margin equation.
Mark Parker: Good question. First of all, I’d say that our commitment to DTC, our direct to consumer business, is a huge and critical part of the commitment we have to create a more premium presentation for our brands and our products and ultimately, giving our customers, consumers, a better experience all around. So with that said, the world is changing. Consumer behavior and expectations are certainly changing. More people, it’s no mystery to anybody here, are shopping online. They want products easy, they want it fast, they want to be able to customize and personalize, shop on their devices, and in an in-store setting. So the relationship between those channels is really critical, whether it’s Nike direct or with our retail partners. And that’s really the focus of our marketplace development work is to really obsess how all the parts or channels actually work together, and work together in a way that really gives the consumer the best experience. So we’re focused on how do we address the needs and expectation of the consumer as we say they ultimately decide. So Nike, I think you’ve seen, along with our retail partners, is expanding the market, and we’re seeing more positive results all around. We think this is a win-win situation between Nike and our wholesale partners around the world, and that’s exactly what we’re seeing. Trevor mentioned, and we’ve said this quite regularly, being a better retailer is making us a better company and a better wholesale partner. Nike.com, as bullish as we are, and as positive as the results have been, which are pretty spectacular, is still in the early stages. We’re investing heavily. This is one of the bigger growth opportunities for us long term, big improvements in just how the consumer interacts with Nike online. Seamless cart experiences, making the transactions a lot easier. Actually, blurring the lines between transactioning online and in store. Supply chain improvements, improvements in ID. I could go on. Increased focus on mobile, very, very important for us. So the investment and the focus on this area will continue. And not as a separate, isolated part of Nike, but as an integrated part of our business and our categories. So I’ll just say we’re obviously quite bullish on this, and this is where the consumer’s going, and this is where we’ll be.
