Mark Parker: Yes, actually that’s a good question. Let me take that. First of all, on a little more macro level, I think as I mentioned the current environment really plays right into NIKE’s strengths. We know that the athletic footwear and apparel segments being so strong and outpacing the rest of the footwear and apparel industry. We’re actually quite well represented in leading product on both the performance and the sportswear side of the business, as we talked about. There’s many things that we’re excited about including some of the product that’s in the market right now that I think has a lot of upside opportunity to more completely leverage things in performance, products and performance. Signature we talked about, LeBron Solider, the KD9, new KYRIE, Paul George signature shoes, of course the Air Jordon XXXI. Those are great examples. Running, we talked about the LunarEpic Low, really incredible new cushioning system there for a great ride. Pegasus, the update on a real classic in apparel. The running performance category both tops and bottoms, women’s sports bras. Those are some examples on the performance side. And then on the sportswear side, we’ve got classics that we’ve reissued as well as new updates, including innovation as part of those classics; Air Force 1, Air Max, Presto, Sock Dart, Roshe Two, Huarache just to name some of those. In terms of new upcoming innovation in Q2 we’ve got more signature basketball coming. The LeBron 14 is in the on-deck circle. That’s another great signature product for LeBron. The Air VaporMax, which we talked about in March, which is a phenomenal new modern interpretation of NIKE air cushioning, it’s incredible both in how it performs but how it looks. We have no iterations of free product. In apparel, we’ve got new base layer technology, tech running, new Hyperwarm apparel collection which we’re excited about. Jordan is expanding beyond the basketball category, the training and running including sportswear. As Trevor mentioned, the new Apple Watch Nike+ version, which is the start of I think intensifying that relationship between NIKE and Apple. And then we’ve got some – on the sportswear side some new innovative interpretations of again some of our sportswear classics. Big anniversary is coming with the Air Max 1, the Air Max 97; the Air Force 1 35th anniversary Cortez. Modern comfort collection in the Jordan category as well as NIKE, so we’ll bring some real innovation to both the sportswear category with the classics as well as some new products. So there’s an array – and I didn’t mention the HyperAdapt by the way. That probably should be toward the top of the list. It’s gotten a lot of attention as it should because it really ushers in a whole new wave of adaptive technology. So we’re bringing innovation obviously to performance but also to sports style innovation. And I think it’s interesting that the consumer doesn’t necessary distinguish between the two. Many of our performance products are worn in terms of the street and they’re quite fashionable. That isn’t necessarily our intent out of the box but we’re definitely seeing that be the case as well. So very excited about the innovation that’s coming, obviously in product and our innovation goes well beyond product. We talked about Man Rev, we talked about digital, we talked about personalized performance, Nike+, Nike.com, innovations to retail. So this has really always been and always will be the engine for growth for the company and I’ll just say that we’re as aggressive as ever in investing in those biggest opportunities. And I’m not including the things I can’t talk about. Obviously very excited about as well.
Mark Parker: There’s always been a shift back and forth from a consumer standpoint. I’ll just back up and say though that sport in general and innovation have always been and I think always will be two of the most powerful drivers of culture and style. NIKE always – we’ve always started with the athlete. That’s how we create the insight to drive innovative product and then we amplify that across the portfolio, and sportswear is really important means of doing that. We see tremendous growth in all areas, specifically in both dimensions of performance and sportswear. We just had our most successful quarter ever for performance running and our sportswear business at the same time continues to be a massive growth driver for the company. So it’s really for us is the balance between the two and the relationship between the two. That intersection between performance and style I think is stronger than ever. And by the way, innovation is a huge part of creating a new esthetic and lifestyle product does prioritize I think at this stage with the consumer comfort and lightweight and breathability. So performance is really an element of sportswear for NIKE and that’s what helps to separate and distinguish NIKE in the marketplace.
Mark Parker: Well, we’re actually starting to take some of this innovation to scale. I think that’s the short answer. For us, this is about getting product to the consumer faster, it’s about lowering our product cost as we talked about, really trying to drive greater labor productivity, less waste in the system, new design capabilities. These are all parts of Man Rev. I think though the difference, the inflection point that you mentioned, is really more about taking it to scale. With partners like Flex but then across our whole manufacturing partner base, so we’re really modernizing not just with any one partner but using that innovation to drive it across the whole base. So we talked about Flex and footwear, Apollo is a more recent focus for us on the apparel side. Our investment in the advanced product creation center here on the NIKE campus, some amazing innovations in looking at disruptive methods of make. Obviously, we’re aware of Flyknit. 3-D printing I think has got a lot of potential for scale. So we’re starting to see the impact at a greater level as we get quarter-to-quarter and I think that’s going to continue to grow.
Mark Parker: B. Absolutely, it’s sort of a gateway as to a whole new era of what we call personalized performance and that’s not just in terms of fit, it’s in terms of cushioning, support real time. That’s what is exciting about it. There’s a lot I’d love to talk about which I sometimes say, but I really can’t. But I’ll – suffice it to say at least at this stage that the HyperAdapt or the adaptive performance technology is not just centered on fit. We’ve got so many other opportunities from a complete performance standpoint. And what you’ll see coming out very soon in Q2 will be the tip of an iceberg that I think is actually quite compelling.
Mark Parker: I’ll just say the brand in North America remains incredibly strong and we’re seeing really just great momentum across the business. As we obviously launched a lot of the new products into the marketplace, certainly the Solider 10, the KD9, XXXI, the Epic Low, I can continue naming a few but the point there would be that the marketplace just continues to see very great response to those items. So we feel very good about North America and its continued growth and the brand is as strong as ever. And we’re just seeing momentum in the marketplace and we’re excited about the pipeline of great products that we have coming. So, again, we just look forward to it. So it’s all good.
Andy Campion: Yes. Hi, Kate. It’s Andy. I’ll start on that one. Overall, we feel great about the progress that we’re making from an inventory or maybe more broadly a supply and demand management perspective. As I noted, our overall enterprise inventory growth was driven by only a 3 percentage point increase in units. And actually we saw a decline in North America in particular in inventory both in the value of that inventory as well as the units actually declining even greater. So, while I noted that in margin, off-price sales had a negative mix impact, that was versus the prior year in the first quarter. We’re actually continuing to see those off-price sales tighten up as we make the progress we told you we would in terms of returning to a healthy pull market in North America.
Andy Campion: Yes, I would say the two biggest drivers of the margin contraction versus prior year were the bucket of discrete or temporary items that we referenced in foreign exchange. So those items most notably included the shift of operating overhead expenses into cost of goods sold. So that is a movement within our P&L versus a change in trajectory. And as I mentioned, it’s not always that evident to those on the call or otherwise that included in gross margin or in cost of goods sold is not just the product cost but also the investments in the team and resources that we deploy against innovation in Manufacturing Revolution and otherwise. Golf, as you highlighted, was another factor within gross margin both some charges that we took as well as the impact of exiting the golf equipment business. Frankly, it’s a great example of the edit to amplify approach that we’ve talked about in the past and we’ve talked about on this call increasingly being applied to operating overhead. That is having an impact on our margin in the short term and will over the balance of the year. It’s not reported as a discontinued operation. It’s in our numbers. But we are making those decisions because we believe our long-term focus, in other words what we will amplify as our focus on footwear and apparel and drive greater growth and profitability there, and we think we’ll see the benefits in margin and return on invested capital from the decision we made to edit.
Andy Campion: Omar, I’d just add. Today, we’re seeing gains in the tens of millions of dollars per quarter and we certainly expect to see that expand over the long term. The tangible results that we’re seeing today are primarily driven by automation and being closer to market. In terms of automation specifically, we’re seeing greater yield in terms of our use of materials. So less waste means lower cost and we’re also improving the throughput in our manufacturing lines; in other words, improving labor productivity. I guess in short I’d say we’re increasingly confident the Manufacturing Revolution now across both footwear and apparel will have a significant impact on both revenue and margin long term. And as you know, as you start to see returns on your investment that starts to build momentum. So we remain bullish on that opportunity.
Andy Campion: Sure, Lindsay. I think the key driver to keep in mind is sell-through to consumers. We’re seeing much tighter supply and demand and stronger sell-through to consumers. So in the same vein as some of the comments that I made around futures, futures are not really a proxy for revenue. In fact, you don’t need a proxy for revenue guidance because we provide that guidance. Really futures are one of the drivers. There are other dimensions of the business, be that what we call at-once or prop business, obviously, our factory stores. There are a number of other dimensions but one of the primary drivers of that greater growth on the revenue line as compared to futures in any given period is that strong sell-through. And as Trevor I think spoke about in a fair amount of detail, we’re seeing a return to a strong healthy pull market. And again that’s also evidenced or corroborated by the declining inventory in North America.
Andy Campion: As you know, Lindsay, we don’t give geography-by-geography quarterly revenue guidance. What I would tell you is precisely what we told you on the call, which is we do see revenue outpacing futures. And I’d reiterate our view on North America is the geography that we shared at our Investor Day in October. We see North America as a high-single-digit growth geography out to 2020. We don’t manage in a strict way to those measures in any given quarter but we’re as confident as ever in that trajectory driven by our brand and our product.
