John Donahoe: Yes, Bob. Let me start simply by saying we're continuing to do what we've always done. As you know, NIKE been in China for 40 years. We've always taken a long-term view. And to be clear, we believe that China remains a growth market with significant potential to unlock. And we've got very strong equity with Chinese consumers, our team. I think Matt mentioned it, I mentioned it, our team has just done a phenomenal job over the last 10 weeks, but also over the last several years. And the fundamentals haven't really changed. So delivering innovation and inspiration in locally relevant ways is what the Chinese consumer cares about. I was talking with Angela a couple of weeks ago. She said they've just done some additional research and they're seeing in the market, Gen-Z loves innovation and inspiration. And that's what we're delivering it. Our cool -- NIKE's brand is the #1 cool brand. It's increased its strength in Beijing over the past year, I think driven by Chinese New Year and Beijing Olympics. NIKE Digital landed the quarter with growth, so our direct connections with consumers. And as Matt mentioned, we're going to digital -- local digital apps in the coming 6 months. And then our product, the localized product through our Express Lane continues to drive great energy. I think Matt mentioned, the Pegasus, the Dunk, the G.T. Cut, the basketball shoe, huge heat for that, Air Force Low. So we continue to think that has huge potential, and we're going to continue to invest in that and then ensure that we are building China for China with our tech stack, with our hyper local technology center and ability to link and serve that Chinese consumer. And so we're taking a medium- to long-term view, and we're as confident today as we ever have been. And coming out of this lockdown, we're seeing increased energy from the Chinese consumer.
John Donahoe: And Gaby, on product pipeline, it's funny you asked that. We had about 2 weeks ago, our first in-person VP meeting in 2 years. And because we haven't been to in-person, and now when had seen physical product, we had 6 different rooms and built out on the new Serena Williams Building that had our full innovation pipeline for the next 3 years. NIKE, men's, women's, kids, performance, lifestyle by every sport, a Jordan room, a Converse room. And I will tell you, everyone walked out excited by the breadth and depth of the innovation pipeline. It was almost overwhelming to be honest, when you see it all in one place. And so you saw some recent examples of the Spark Flyknit, which is -- what's really interesting about that is more and more of our innovations are done for her, but can be leveraged by all. The ZoomX foam, which is one of our most responsive ones yet that's been pulled throughout the entire running line. I mentioned Formula 23, Next Nature and the sustainability innovations. And so going forward, we're very excited. I teased a little bit about the apparel innovation coming. We think that's going to be a platform opportunity for us, more to come on that in the fall. The pipeline -- Matt mentioned this next coming year of global football with EURO Champ Women's this summer, World Cup in the Men's in the fall, Women's World Cup next year. The remarkable innovation, both performance and lifestyle around global football, a sharper focus on running the Jordan stuff, both footwear and apparel, performance and lifestyle. The Converse room was like a hit because I think most people don't really get to see the full breadth and depth of Converse innovation. So we feel very excited about the innovation pipeline. I will also tell you that our teams, now they're back together in person, feel like the pace and level of innovation is just going to -- and design is going to just accelerate. So a lot of optimism on the innovation front.
John Donahoe: Lorraine, we're going to be guided by the consumer. This is -- you heard me say before, the key to winning in this future is giving the consumers what they want, when they want it, how they want it. And consumers don't think about different channels. They just want a seamless and premium and consistent experience. And so everything we're doing is to offer that to them and to make us indifferent, frankly, about where they transacted. So they'll start their shopping on one of our mobile apps or online. They'll do their product investigation or they're looking. They may go ahead and just buy it in one of our mobile apps or they may go into 1 of our stores who they want to try it on. Or if one of our partner stores is closer to them, they'll go there and try it on. Or if they're in a DICK'S and they see what they want and they don't have it in stock, we can fulfill it through our connected inventory. And so the whole goal is to give the consumers what they want, when they want it, how they want it. And we believe we're building what will be a source of competitive advantage that's grounded and having a direct connection with the consumer a membership program is going to be as strong, whether it's through NIKE Direct, owned and digital and physical or through our partners. And if we achieve that, we then can give the consumer true choice and the actual channel mix will land in its most natural place and will evolve in its most natural place.
Matthew Friend: Yes. And I just would add, Bob, that we entered the fourth quarter positioned for a strong quarter on building brand momentum in the marketplace. And our fourth quarter results were impacted by COVID-related disruption and lockdowns, impacting over 100 cities and about 60% of our business. As we look at the dynamics in that particular marketplace and the risk of ongoing disruption in the first half of fiscal '23, we decided to prioritize the health of that marketplace. And as we've learned from experience over the years, having a healthy pull marketplace in a monobrand marketplace like Greater China is critical to brand health and long-term growth. And so we made decisions to recalibrate supply and demand in the fourth quarter. And that included reducing our inventory buys at the factories for forward seasons. We took some reserves on our existing inventory, and we also plan for some investment in promotional activity with our partners. Because we expect that as the marketplace reopens, it's going to be more promotional. And so those were the charges and the impacts that we had in the fourth quarter in order to prioritize that inventory health and pull market by the end of Q2. As John said and some of the examples I gave, we continue to see brand strength growing and consumer connection. And we're seeing it in our brand strength results and also in the way the consumer is engaging with our brand. We invested in the brand this quarter again for the third straight quarter, and we're seeing the impact of that on our business. And as lockdowns lifted in specific trade zones, in late April, May and early June, we saw improvement in traffic and strong overall consumer demand. So we're trying to take the decisions -- the right decisions for the marketplace to position us for growth over the long term. And despite the short-term disruptions, we're increasingly confident in our local market strategy and our ability to fuel long-term growth in the China marketplace.
Matthew Friend: Sure. I'll go ahead and take that question. Why don't I start by just saying that as we mentioned last quarter, we thought that the variables that were coming together were positioning us for another year of strong growth in fiscal year '23. And it really reflects, Michael, the power of NIKE's portfolio. Inventory supply is normalizing against a healthy pull market across North America, EMEA and APLA. And we've seen 3 consecutive quarters now where consumer demand has significantly exceeded available inventory supply. And so when we look at our brand strength and momentum, our product pipeline against some of the biggest growth opportunities that we have, we think we're well positioned for growth in fiscal year '23. Having said that, we did take a cautious approach to Greater China. And we're doing that because as we look at what disrupted our performance in the fourth quarter and focusing on what we can control, we felt strongly that prioritizing a healthy pull marketplace is the right action for us to take given the ongoing risk that we see in that marketplace. But longer term, we continue to believe that the growth potential that we see in that marketplace is significant. So underlying drivers of growth, we feel quite confident. We continue to closely monitor consumer behavior and we're not seeing any signs of pullback at this point in time. And so we continue to execute the strategy and the plan we have, which is working. As it relates to SG&A, what I would say is just that we're planning for high single digit to low double-digit SG&A growth for the full year. And that's really us continuing on this multiyear investment plan that we have to create the capabilities that we need to be able to serve consumers directly and personally at scale. And that is an operational transformation that is underway, and we're already starting to see proof points of benefit against it. We're working really hard to prioritize our resources to fuel the things that are going to enable long-term growth and shift resources away from places that are legacy ways of operating. But we continue to feel confident that the things that we're investing in are going to be driving -- are driving business benefit, and we're starting to see some of that come to life at the end of this fiscal year and heading into fiscal '23. As far as your last question about structural margins in Greater China, there isn't anything that we see at a point in time that would lead us to not -- to lead us away from the profitability that we've seen. Obviously, this quarter, we took some actions in order to manage our inventory and to be able to carry forward our plans in fiscal '23 and beyond. In the first quarter, we're just anticipating that the marketplace is going to be promotional. And so we've made some adjustments to our plans around markdown rates and partnership with our wholesale partners to ensure that we clear some of the inventory that isn't owned by NIKE, but that's in the marketplace. But beyond that, our focus is on getting to a healthy pull market by the end of the second quarter. And I think as we look longer term, the fundamental drivers that are driving our profitability in the consumer direct acceleration strategy, more direct and more digital is going to fuel profitability expansion in Greater China, too. And our ERP is, frankly, the backbone that's going to enable us to take advantage of those opportunities in a more significant way.
Matthew Friend: Sure. Well, let me start on the gross margin by talking about what we saw in the fourth quarter, and I think it will help bring some light, maybe it's a broader question. Our gross margins were down 80 basis points in the fourth quarter. And that is really reflective of 2 elements. From an operational perspective, if you look at the growth that we saw at NIKE Direct and the expanding margins that we saw both in NIKE Direct, in NIKE Digital and a higher full price selling mix overall, our gross margins would have expanded over 100 basis points in the fourth quarter. The decision that we took in Greater China, the specific actions that we took in Greater China had a 200 basis point impact on NIKE, Inc.'s Q4 margins. So when we look at the underlying health of our business and the margin expansion that we see attributed to the shifting business mix from wholesale to more direct and more digital, we are seeing it and the financial benefits that come from it in our gross margins. Since the year '20, our gross margins are up over 260 basis points, and that includes in fiscal year '22 a 100 basis point headwind from elevated ocean freight costs. We're paying about 5x the rate that we paid -- we paid pre-pandemic to put product in a container on a boat and move it from Asia to the U.S. So up 260 basis points with 100 basis points of a headwind. As we look ahead to fiscal '23 and our guidance were flat to declining 50 bps, we're planning for mid-single-digit price increases. We're planning for additional expansion from our growing NIKE Direct business and our digital business, which we believe will continue to lead our growth, but that's being offset by another 100 basis points of ocean freight. So if you take '22 and '23 together, it's about a 200 basis point impact on a 2-year basis from paying those higher rates to move product from Asia to our other geographies. And that has a significant impact on where we are today relative to where we would be. We still believe in the high 40s gross margin goal. We believe those costs are transitory in nature, but we expect it's going to take a few years to revert. And so we're planning for that accordingly. On the last part of what you said about markdowns, here's what I say. We've planned for a normalization of full price realization and markdown rates in fiscal '23. For the last year, we've seen full price realization in our -- in 3 of our geographies to be over 70%, whereas our long-term goal is to be at 65% full price realization. As we think about the markdown rates that associated with that, we also saw both in our channel partners and in our own business, a historically low markdown rate because of the lower available supply. We think that, that will start to normalize over this year. And given some of the uncertainties and the risk scenario planning that we've done around our guidance for '23 that's what's helping to drive this wider range that we're providing in our gross margin guidance for '23. As far as the longer-term goes, as I mentioned, we continue to believe in that high 40s number. And we're going to continue -- and it's going to be fueled by this ongoing consumer-led shift to direct into digital.
Matthew Friend: Okay. Look, we continue to see transit times be elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. It's about 2 weeks longer than where we were. This is specifically in North America. We're about 2 weeks longer in the low 80s days in the fourth quarter relative to where we were in the fourth quarter of last year. And that's obviously a big impact on our in-transit inventory and the flow of goods into the marketplace. Right at the end of the quarter, we did start to see a little bit of improvement vis-à-vis the boat backlog at the West Coast ports. But at this point in time, given all the variables that we see there, we're not planning for a significant increment in transit times in fiscal '23. So we're managing our inventory accordingly. We're making decisions about our assortment, product life cycles. We're taking some of our styles to seasonless that we can manage it on more of a rolling basis. And we'll continue to leverage the experience that we've had over the last 2 years, navigating through this environment from a supply chain complexity and congestion perspective.
Matthew Friend: Yes. And I just would add that our wholesale revenue this year was depressed because we had to cut 130 million units of supply because our factories in Vietnam were closed for 12 weeks. And so as you look specifically to '23, NIKE Direct will lead our growth and NIKE Digital will be our fastest-growing channel. But we do expect to see wholesale growth look different, in other words, turn and grow based on available inventory supply flowing back into our geographies. And so we do expect to see wholesale growth in fiscal '23. And I think, as John said long term, this is a consumer-led digital transformation. But I still think that our longer-term vision of NIKE Direct representing approximately 60% of our business and digital -- owned digital representing 40% is a trajectory that we are still on. We're seeing growth in our digital business that's exceeding what's happening in the marketplace. We're watching our own digital traffic and an accelerating level of NIKE app downloads that's driving more consumer engagement against our digital platform, and that is driving growth and shift relative to the broader marketplace. And while we're up about 9 points of business mix versus FY '20, we continue to believe that digital is going to be, as John has said again and again and again, a fuel for growth for us over the next 3 to 5 years.
