Matt Friend: Well, Erinn, thanks for the question. There are several aspects to the current supply chain challenges that are probably not intuitive, just based on my prepared remarks. And so, let me take a couple of minutes to try to break it down further. As I said earlier, consumer demand has never been higher, and we expect strong demand to continue for quarters to come. Over the last 90 days, two things have happened in the industry that we didn’t anticipate: first, already long transit times worsened; and second, local governments mandated shutdowns in Vietnam and Indonesia. Keep in mind that there are global complexities and differences in transit times and sourcing mix across our geographies. So, I’m going to use North America as an example to just go a little deeper on what I’m talking about. Prior to the pandemic, it would have taken approximately 40 days to move product from Asia to North America. Transit times have been increasing due to container shortages, port congestion, rail congestion and labor shortages, impacting the entire industry. And during Q1, these lead times worsened further to now sit at 80 days, roughly two times normal. So, here’s where the geo-specific piece comes in. So, as we finished Q1 with higher levels of in-transit inventory, that means that we had full price inventory that was unavailable to use to serve current consumer demand in this quarter. We would have had an even stronger top line result if we had more product available to serve that consumer demand. And so, these elevated transit times that we’re seeing, we’ve been talking about them now for several quarters, and they worsened this quarter, continue to have an impact on our business. And then in addition to that, there’s Vietnam. And it’s important to think about these two impacts together. As of today, 80% of our footwear factories located in the south and nearly half of our apparel factories in Vietnam are currently closed. So, through this week, that means we’ve already lost 10 weeks of production, and that gap will continue until factories are able to reopen and produce product at normal capacity. So, this has created a gap to the flow of inventory, originally ordered for delivery beginning in mid-October. And our experience shows us, based on navigating through this pandemic over the last 18 months that it’s going to take several months to ramp back to full production. Now, on a positive note, a few factories have just had their reopening plans approved, like this week. And so, we’re optimistic about a phase reopening and ramp of production beginning in October. And as I said in the call -- earlier in the call, Indonesia is already operational, and they’re ramping back up to capacity. So, North America is coming into Q2 with elevated and transit inventory which means North America will have higher quantities of fall season product that it can sell in the second quarter. But holiday and spring production has been delayed. And if you combine that with longer lead times, the impact of the lost production is going to have a greater impact in North America in Q3. Conversely, Greater China, which has lower levels of in-transit inventory and shorter transit times because it’s closer to the factories, is going to experience the impact of the lost production earlier in Q2. Our teams are leveraging their experience in our operational playbook and taking actions to try to mitigate these impacts. And they’re doing things like maximizing our footwear production capacity in other countries, shifting apparel production out of Vietnam to other countries like Indonesia and China and others where viable, strategically leveraging airfreight. And then, we’re continuing to employ a seasonless approach to product to serve incredibly strong consumer demand, given our success that we’ve had selling at full price, even if the product reaches the market later than we expected. So, while the environment is dynamic, these supply chain issues we believe are temporary. And from what we can see today, we’re optimistic that available inventory supply will be improved as we head into fiscal year ‘23.
Matt Friend: And I’ll just hit the gross margin quickly, Matt. We believe that this quarter was an excellent proof point of the success that we’re seeing in driving our consumer-led digital transformation. We’re seeing meaningful movement forward in both, NIKE Direct mix of business and also NIKE Digital mix of business, as I mentioned. And that’s what fueled our gross margin expansion in the first quarter, high levels of full price realization, greater mix of NIKE Direct and NIKE Digital business and lower markdowns as we leverage the capabilities that we have to serve consumer demand, how and where they want it. As we look longer term, we’re absolutely continuing to look towards that high-40s gross margin outlook that we provided last quarter. And in the short term, we’re going to navigate through these transitory impacts. But, when you’ve got a strong brand and you’ve got a healthy pull market, what we’re seeing is strong full price margins offsetting some of these transient costs that we’re going to experience as we move product around the world.
Matt Friend: And just transitioning to North America, we’ve continued to deliver strong growth in that marketplace. I mentioned five consecutive quarters of -- or seasons, I should say, of incredibly strong demand. As we think about the marketplace, our approach is really no different than we’ve been talking about for a couple of years now. We start through the eyes of the consumer. Where is the consumer shopping? How is the consumer engaging with our brand across the marketplace? And we’re going to continue to focus on prioritizing our product availability for those locations where the consumer is shopping, and that will continue to be within NIKE’s own channels and our most strategic wholesale partners. And that’s what we’re going to continue to do to serve that demand. The marketplace, as I said, is going to be lean. We’re going to have lean inventory across the marketplace. But, NIKE and our partners will continue to try to create the best consumer experience that we can throughout the remainder of that -- of this fiscal year.
Matt Friend: Sure. Thanks, Bob. The year-over-year comparisons, as we’ve talked about for a while here, are not really intuitive. And a couple of quarters ago, I talked about, as we were starting to see the strength in consumer connections and the acceleration of our business, that we were going to begin accelerating investment to drive our digital transformation. And in particular, where we were investing was against technology, our digital -- creating a digital-first supply chain and the marketplace. And we created a multiyear investment plan against our outlook to drive that growth. And when we finished the first quarter, we finished our first quarter spending at about 29% of revenue. And as we think about the transitory nature of these impacts, we believe this is a moment where NIKE’s financial strength is a real competitive advantage. And so, we believe that these short-term dynamics will pass, but we’re more convinced and committed to what we believe the capabilities we need to operate a consumer direct business at scale as we execute the strategy. And so, that’s where our focus and attention is going to be. We’re going to keep our teams focused on creating those capabilities and which we’re seeing translate into strong growth and profitability. And that also includes the investments that we’re making from a brand perspective. Strong brands get stronger in this environment. And having that deep consumer connection, especially when it’s rooted to sport and the return of sport is absolutely what we need to be doing in order to continue to stay in a position of strength.
Matt Friend: Yes. So, on the pricing question, we -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we’ve taken some pricing actions in the second half. And what I would say, Simeon, is that we evaluate price value of our products on a season-by-season basis. And we consider a number of different factors that we incorporate to make a decision about what to do. But, what I will tell you is that we take a long -- we have a long-standing relationship with our consumer. And so, we take a long-term view to these types of decisions. And so, the price increases that we’ve implemented in the second half are in the low single-digit range. And we feel it’s appropriate given the marketplace we’re operating in and those other factors that I referenced, considering we’ve got rising input costs and other factors that are impacting our business. But, I think it’s really important not to drive past the fact that we continue to see strong growth in ASPs across the whole marketplace, driven by higher full price realization as we’ve been talking about for several quarters and lower markdowns, and leveraging the capabilities of identifying our inventory, knowing where we want to put it, putting it in the path of the consumer, optimizing it between ourselves and our physical locations, our digital locations and increasingly providing that endless access to some of our wholesale, to some of our most strategic wholesale partners. All of these things are contributing to a higher level of full price realization across the marketplace. And so, we do believe that this is a base from where we want to operate as opposed to a moment in time. And that’s driving profitability for NIKE at a moment that -- where there’s lots of disruption. I think in terms of your second question in terms of undifferentiated or differentiated, what I would tell you is that we continue to see strong growth in our differentiated partners. And our differentiated partners because of the fact that they are creating a better consumer experience and driving more demand, their weeks of inventory on hand is about half where they would like for it to be right now because of the strong demand that they’re driving. And to take it a step further, over the last three years, we’ve actually exited about 50% of our undifferentiated accounts while we’ve been able to deliver strong double-digit growth. And so, we believe that we will continue down this strategy. And as John alluded to in his prepared remarks, we believe that the supply-related reductions will likely trigger an even greater acceleration in the transformation of the marketplace towards NIKE and our most important wholesale partners.
Matt Friend: Sure. Well, Kimberly, our optimism stems from the fact that our factories are starting to have reopening plans approved. And that has happened this week. And so, we’re optimistic that we’re going to start to see production begin in October. Our experience from the COVID-related closures in China earlier in the pandemic and then in Indonesia earlier this quarter tells us that it will take time for those factories to ramp back up to full capacity. We’ve lost 10 weeks of production since mid-July. And so, what we’re really focused on is, are our factory partners getting back to full capacity so that we can serve demand that we see in the marketplace. When we combine the lost production and the re-ramping plus the extended lead times, we feel optimistic that we’re going to see inventory supply improving as we exit this fiscal year and move into fiscal year ‘23. And our experience would tell us that while this situation is going to be dynamic and it’s not going to be linear, that’s what we’re planning towards at this point in time.
John Donahoe: And Erinn, to the second part of your question on -- in that context investment, we’re doing what strong companies do during periods of time like this. We’re going to continue to invest in innovation and product creation, in brand and storytelling and support of sport being back and our strong sports marketing portfolio and our digital transformation. So, that’s continuing. And then, we’ll continue with strong presence around driving demand and brand even in the face of a supply-constrained market, and as Matt mentioned, accelerate air transportation and other things in our supply chain that allow us to take -- manage every lever we can in this supply chain-constrained environment. So, we’re going to -- again, our mantra going into this next phase is the same mantra we had going into the first phase of the pandemic. Let’s make sure we emerge stronger coming out of it than we have even today going in.
John Donahoe: Well, Matthew, on the first part of your question, the healthy athletic market is in our remarks. Sport is back. And that is just such an energizing and important thing for NIKE. And we saw that this summer. I won’t go back through it, whether it’s the Olympics, basketball, global football, incredible U.S. Open Tennis; it goes college football, U.S. football back. I mean, it’s -- so I would say traditional sports is what I’ll call it, is strong and back. And that’s also happening now in high schools and grade schools as kids come back to school. Second thing we’re seeing is the expansion of the definition of sport, whether that’s in the Olympics with sports like skate being included for the first time. Some of the most exciting moments in the Olympics was around skate, right, and as that young generation, Gen Z generation really dominating remarkably in a very compelling way. But also coming out of pandemic, the definition of sport, I think, is getting to every athlete -- asterisk in different ways, just the concept of movements and health, and the fact that sport can happen in your living room as well as going to the gym or the yoga studio or the basketball court. And so, part of the tailwind we’re seeing is sport is becoming part of everyone’s everyday life. And that’s a powerful tailwind for us. And then, athleisure, that’s blurring the line between the sport part of your life and the rest of your life, is also what we view as a tailwind. So, we’re doubling down on traditional sport, on capitalizing on these -- the new emerging definition of sport. You saw that in skate in the Olympics. You see that in some of our brand campaigns being really close to where that Gen Z consumer is. And we think that bodes well for our future.
John Donahoe: Matt, why don’t I take the first part of Mike’s question, you take the second for North American. On China, Michael, I’ll just reiterate what I said last quarter, is we take a long-term view in China, we’ll invest for the long term, and we’re confident in the long-term opportunity. And coincidentally, this is the 40th -- this month is the 40th anniversary of NIKE’s participation in China. And, we saw Q1 results that were roughly in line with our expectations. And as Matt said, supply constraints will impact our second quarter performance. But, we are continuing to do what frankly Phil has done from the beginning in China, which he’s done over the last 40 years and we’ve done and we will continue to do over the next 40, which is deliver innovative product that connects with local consumers, strong consumer connections to our brand, partly reinforced by the 7,000 monobrand stores across the country. We’re blessed to have a really strong local team, and I am so proud of that team, how they’re navigating through. As we’ve said many times before, they have led us in the sort of pandemic playbook and they continue to be very responsive on the ground there. And then, we always have been and will continue to be, very respectful and responsible corporate citizens, promoting sport and the wellbeing through activity and promoting sustainability and other important societal themes. And so, we’ll continue to stay on that playbook and invest with consistency and longevity during this period of time.
John Donahoe: Bob, I am so glad you asked. I had a SNKRS win this morning on the NOCTA line, the vest. I’m excited. It’s a great collection. Any time you went on SNKRS, it’s a jolt. I was in the middle of my workout in one of our gyms here on campus. I stopped the workout at 7 a.m. to see if I won, and I won. So, I’m pumped up about that, as our -- as we said earlier, in all seriousness, millions and millions of SNKRS users. What a great experience. And obviously, that line is just another example of how NIKE is unparalleled in our ability to create real innovative, stylish, heat and connection with the consumer.
John Donahoe: And I might just build on that, Kimberly, to say, both Matt and I wish we had a crystal ball, but we don’t. And one of the things that I think we are demonstrating through this very dynamic phase is regardless of what the future holds, we’re capitalizing on it, right? We’re doing what great sports teams do, which is making -- confronting the reality, making adjustments, showing agility and executing in a way where we emerge stronger. And so, we had demand shocks last year with the closing of retail in the phase 1 of pandemic. And now we’ve got some supply shocks with phase 2 of the pandemic this year. We will navigate through those just as we did last year. I think we’re stronger today than we were 18 months ago and we’ll be stronger 18 months from now than we are today. And in the process, we’re building that capability where we’re leveraging our strengths and we’re leveraging the leadership position. And I just want to maybe conclude this call, Paul, by once again, just expressing my sincere thanks and appreciation for the 75,000 NIKE teammates around the world, who day in and day out are adjusting to the circumstances on the field, are demonstrating teamwork and resilience and creativity to serve consumers and continuing to innovate. And that’s what we’ll continue to do regardless of what the future deals us.
