Trevor Edwards: Yes, absolutely. One other things that we get a chance to see is we get a chance to see basketball sort of in line. And what we are seeing is basketball is back, and the consumer response to the latest signature styles has been incredibly strong. And we're seeing some more energy moments to come. But what we've definitely seen in North America is we've seen healthy sell-throughs on the KYRIE 2s, the LeBron Soldier's, the KD 9s, the KOBE A.D. the Jordan XXXI. So, we're seeing a really comprehensive shift towards energy coming towards basketball, both in the numbers but also when you're on the street, on the ground, you're seeing it both on the court and off the court. One of the things I would like do at basketball is maybe broadened the context, so that we’re also thinking about our sportswear business, which is a part of basketball. And in sportswear, the Air Force 1 styles continues to actually perform very well, the Special Forces Air Force 1 was exceptionally strong, the Foamposite was also good, and Jordan, both on its performance Jordan 31 and the retro style did really well. So, all of those really put us in a position where we feel that we are poised to get ready for the NBA partnership as we go into the next year. So, all the energy signs are there for us, and so we see the back half continuing to accelerate in our basketball business.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, I think just to touch on what Andy just hit on. I would say that there is a more promotional activity in the marketplace; having said that when we tighten supply and demand we’re seeing increasingly stronger full-price sales so we feel good about that. In North America, again, we are seeing our sell-throughs perform at a much better level. The other thing that you will see coming into the spring season, you’re going to see lot of excitement in some of the great products we have on tap. So, we are very excited and bullish about as we launch the Air VaporMax, not only for the VaporMax itself, but also because it will drive a greater Air business across our business. So, we think as we bring more innovation in the marketplace that allows us obviously command stronger full-price in our products. And with that, I mean, we like said, we’re definitely seeing all the signs that the actual decline in inventory is now proven the stronger sell-through, we’re seeing stronger sell-through as a result.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, let me touch on that. We’ve always had the ability to move quickly and respond. What we’re doing now through express line, particularly as we scale this capability across the road, is to make this a sustained season-in season-out part of what we do and how we operate. The exciting thing about the express line is it literally puts us in a position to, as I have mentioned, deliver products from start to finish completely new product in weeks versus months. The LunarCharge is a great example on this last quarter of product that literally went through that complete start from scratch to completed products, went out to the market, and the sell-throughs on that have been incredibly positive. So, we’re now in the midst as we move into the second half of the year and then beyond, frankly, this is sort of new-norm is to make this a part of for the muscle that we have, I think, of this a more complete competitive advantage. We’re focused right now in footwear, but we see this scantling also across apparel as well. I am personally, as a product nerd, incredibly excited, not just by the ability to do this but to take it to significantly higher scale.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, obviously, I was just in China actually couple of weeks ago. And the thing that I continue to see is the NIKE brand is really performing incredibly well. And I love to give a context, which is both when you go in the stores and you walk the streets, you can certainly see the energy and vibrancy for the brand, and you can see that in also in the strong sell-through that we’re seeing in the marketplace. Across Singles Day, Singles Day, we actually were three-times, it was 300% greater this year than last in terms of sales. And so, we’re seeing tremendous growth in the dot-com business. The categories that are performing well are sportswear, running, Jordan brand, and NIKE basketball, all performing really well, which were the key ones we decided to focus in on in China. We also continued to have really tremendous amount of doors in the marketplace over 6,000 doors. So we're really ever present in the market, which allows us to expand and tell the right stories and create the right impact. And one of the biggest tailwinds that we always have is sports participation. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, certainly, the Shanghai marathon is one example of watching this market become increasingly sophisticated around participation, around their connection to sports, and also their connection into sport culture. And so we’re seeing it across multiple dimensions. So I continue to feel very bullish about China as we do as a total Group, and again 10 consecutive quarters of continuous growth.
Trevor Edwards: Omar, I would just say really on two fronts. As Mark said, we are committed to and abdicate for pre and fair trade, and we’ll continue abdicate for policies, both trade and tax that allow us to innovate, best serve consumers, expand our business, and drive growth. At the same time, as you know over the past several years, we very proactively and strategically have been evolving our operating model through investments and manufacturing revolution, and other supply chain initiatives, with the goal of not only being to yield benefits in terms of labor productivity and lower materials cost, but as we have said, the opportunity to be much closer to market and closer to the consumer.
Andy Campion: Yes, Bob, this is Andy, I'll start. Happy holidays, by the way. As you noted, our inventory in North America is down and as we talked about on the call, we feel like we've made a tremendous amount of progress in tightening supply and demand and persisting ourself for more sustainable profitable growth in the second half. Just to give you some dimension on that, we have had very strong sell-through and in in-line. We had a great holiday season. We continue to see tremendous growth in nike.com, for example. And I'll remind you that we also have our factory store business, and that has been a great channel or outlet for us to take the actions that were required to rebound supply and demand. And we've seen phenomenal traffic and conversion and comp store growth in that dimension of the business. So, feel great from that perspective. And then, I'll hand it over to Trevor. But as Trevor noted, we are seeing tremendous opportunities for growth in some of the biggest and most important categories in North America; that being, sportswear, which continues to deliver strong growth, both footwear and apparel; we feel like we've really reignited through our momentum in basketball. And as Trevor said that -- we're fast approaching the launch of the NBA partnership. So, again, tighter inventories continued growth and a return to gross margin expansion in North America is what we see.
Andy Campion: Yes, I think when you think about how we manage supply and demand, it's across several dimensions. One of those is managing sell-through in the market place on a weekly and monthly basis. We also, when we’re in a situation like we were in North America, do look longer terms. So as futures is typically six months out, we do look at the forward looking futures window that we’re in at any given time. And manage that order book in the context of what we see in the market as of that point and what we expect over the several months leading up to that point. So they are related, if they are not perfectly co-related or the only lever. But we absolutely are continually looking at the orders that we’re taking for two seasons out in the context of the trends in the marketplace.
Andy Campion: Absolutely, as you know, and as Mark noted and I noted, we've grown for seven consecutive years, 28 consecutive quarters of growth. And over that period and well before that, we've always focused, first, on investing strategically and with the view towards the long-term. What we see today is the ability to continue to do that but reflect on our core level of investment and spending and frankly operational infrastructure. And take advantage of productivity gains we see. That wasn’t the quarterly phenomenon, as you know, and I'm sure you've been paying close attention over the last several quarters. It's something that we have seen as a sustained opportunity. I think it really ties back to a phrase that Mark, Trevor and I all love, editing to amplify. And that has now become more systemically how we think about our investments across SG&A. And what it also evidences is the strategic alignment across our management team. And I think its evidence of our management team’s ability to prioritize what's most important to fuel growth, and get leverage in other areas where we think we've got ample resources.
Andy Campion: Yes, Sam. This is Andy. We don’t report percentage of business per se. And as you know, DTC is on a reported basis includes full retail sales and wholesale is at wholesale prices. So, to some extent, that was just on a revenue basis that would be comparing apples and oranges. But as you know again someone who has followed us for a long-time, the rate of growth in our DTC businesses has significantly outpaced the rate of growth, still growth in our wholesale business. And so that was also the case in the second quarter as you review our 10-Q filing, you will see some detail on that, the difference between our DTC business and our sales to third party wholesalers. At the same time, I think it's really important to note that what's most important to us is growing the overall market as we said. And that has less to do with owned versus partnered and more to do with the nature of the experiences that we’re putting into the marketplace. So that was a great example, it happens to be owned. But the focus is really much more personalized services to consumer, and creating what we're really calling the new square-foot, leveraging digital to more fully serve consumer and expand the productivity. And we're going to increasingly do that with our wholesale partners as well. We have several very strategic wholesale partners here in North America, Western Europe, and around the world. We have wholesale partners in China who operate NIKE branded stores for us. And we think that's a big opportunity, both owned and partnered going forward to extend the market.
Andy Campion: Yes, why don’t I -- I’ll give you better dimension on that Sam very briefly. Nike.com futures orders and our in line stores or full-price stores, futures orders are included in futures. Our NIKE factory store business, which is a very sizable business, in fact it’s a bigger business than our in line brick-and-mortar business, that factory store business in not included in futures. Obviously, there’re various rates of growth across those dimensions with the highest rate of growth being in nike.com. And I just note the last thing on nike.com, as we continue to see extraordinary growth in nike.com, we’re also expanding internationally and that can create some anomalies year-over-year in terms of stocking up the inventory for expansion and what not.
