Don Blair: Yeah, it’s really not related to this year’s momentum. It’s really the comparisons to the prior year. We do believe that we’ve really seen fantastic improvement in that marketplace, and so this is not a belief that there’s any lack of momentum in the back half. It’s really the comparisons to the prior year.
Don Blair: Let me add that the manufacturing revolution focus is a big one for us. It’s not only a place where we can see some margin opportunity by scaling some of these innovations that are really, in a sense, game-changing. And we’re talking beyond Flyknit. We’re on the verge of moving some other what we call man rev, or manufacturing revolution innovations to a much larger scale. So there’s a great opportunity there. And those processes actually allow us to create products that are more innovative at the same time, to actually improve performance while we actually get some margin opportunity at the same time.
Don Blair: We have seen some benefit to that in most parts of the world, certainly. But I think as Trevor said earlier, the improvements in ASP are really two things. It’s really the value equation and how we approach the consumer from a pricing standpoint. It’s also the tremendous strength at the top end of the market, the premium end of the market, driven by innovation. So if you look at the mix of our product, it’s really been extraordinarily strong at the premium end. And it’s really, as Trevor said, the value of putting the brand, the product, and then compelling retail distribution in place, which lets you shift the market to premium and maximize price.
Trevor Edwards: Just to hit on the category offense, of course, we’re obviously very pleased with the results that we’re seeing in Western Europe. And it really comes back to the decisions we made a couple of years ago, when we decided to really reset the offense and really get focused on the category offense in Western Europe, with a more centralized model which allowed us to get closer to our account and work with them to really help expand the marketplace. So we’re seeing tremendous benefit, actually, come from that. So strong resonance with consumers. Around the women’s business, specifically, yes, we have now, as we said, focused it on our both running, women’s training, as well as our sportswear business. That offense is actually running in Europe. And again, we’re also seeing a really increased drive around sneaker culture, building around women in Western Europe. So we feel very positive about the growth that we’re seeing. And more importantly, we feel very positive about the long term potential of the opportunity in Western Europe and actually around the world.
Trevor Edwards: One of the things I’d just add to that would be on, using the category offense, we’re able to basically segment and understand how to grow the running business, the women’s business, each of the different dimensions of the business, so that our teams are squarely focused on doing that. So we think that’s also really helping to accelerate the growth that we’re seeing in the ecommerce business.
Trevor Edwards: First, I’ll just start by saying that obviously we believe very much in the power of sport and athletes to inspire people. So we’re obviously very focused behind that. And obviously, some of the things that have been happening, it’s been quite a mix in the marketplace. Obviously, some issues are seriously concerning to us. On the other side, you have some great opportunities with some great athletes like Kevin Durant and our ability to re-sign those athletes. So from our perspective, we really line up how we connect and sign the right athletes, really based on where we see the biggest growth opportunities. We line those two things up and we make sure that we find the athletes and the teams that can inspire consumers and at the same time make sure that we can use that to then drive our business. And we remain singularly focused on that.
Trevor Edwards: Around North America first, I would say that obviously we’re seeing great momentum in North America. And we think it continues to demonstrate the power of the category offense. You know, the ability for us to really connect with the consumer to make sure that we can drive the right products into the market, the most innovative products. And we’re seeing incredible sell through amongst all of our products. So really, we’re seeing it across all the different channels. It’s pretty balanced in terms of the strength, so really on every dimension, as we mentioned, we’re just seeing great growth. One of the things, we’re very proud of the relationships that we have with our wholesale partners, our retail partners, because they really are working with us to better dimensionalize the market so we can continue to grow it. So we’re seeing just great growth from that. Then specifically around sportswear, if you recall over the couple years, we’ve certainly seen sportswear business grow double digit. Certainly on the premium part of the business. Where we saw the lagging part was certainly around the more entry priced opportunity. We’re seeing that business really strengthen too. So that’s really helping to buoy the results that you’re seeing around sportswear. So again, it’s when all the pieces start to work together, both footwear, apparel, as well as both the premium and also the entry business. And we’re seeing that really play in all the markets that you mentioned.
Trevor Edwards: No, I wouldn’t say that. Like I mentioned before, the thing that we’ve been able to put in place is this idea of an integrated marketplace. And DTC plays a role that’s been a complementary part of the marketplace. So we’re able to actually bring more dimension to the market by serving unique segments. And that allows the market to be more segmented and more differentiated. And we believe that’s [unintelligible] incredible amounts of growth. The other piece that we’ve talked about is the idea of us being a better retailer ourselves, so we can be a better wholesale partner. And that is actually working, so we’re able to transfer a lot of the learnings that we have done in our own stores, working with our retail partners around the world to accelerate their businesses too.
Trevor Edwards: The NFL business continues to perform really well, and so we have a great relationship, a great partnership with the NFL, and we continue to see the jersey business grow. It didn’t grow as fast as it did the prior year, and that’s obviously because we had brought newer uniforms in, but we certainly see good growth in our NFL business.
Trevor Edwards: Certainly on the pricing side, what I would say is that, you know, we have been really focused on ensuring that we give the consumer the best value, and we really start there. And we’re making sure that, given the strength of our brand and the power of the innovation that we bring into the products, that we have the ability to really command a premium price. And we’re able to do that not only in individual markets, because we work specifically in each market, to make sure that we’re paying attention to the market dynamics so that we can obviously give the consumer the most value.
Trevor Edwards: Around Western Europe, and speaking about the similarities, the first thing I’d say, for example, what we did see earlier, we saw certainly a very rapid growth of our running business in North America. And we saw that we were able to really grow the running market in a substantial way. We saw that Western Europe was trailing in that respect. We’re now seeing that actually take place in Western Europe. So as an example, we’re seeing a lot of the ideas and a lot of the things that were done in North America really play the same way in Western Europe. Having said that, we do execute sometimes slightly differently in some of those marketplaces. So recognizing where the consumer is different or they might approach it from a different perspective, we do make sure that we have tailored product offerings that will meet that specific consumer’s need in that marketplace. The other part is just a matter of, we’re still in early days. And so when you think about, we’ve got running rolled out, we’ve obviously got an incredible focus on footwear, we’re amplifying our business in terms of how we think about our category business. And then when you drill it down and you go into our markets within Western Europe, you can only see more growth opportunities. So we’re seeing great growth come out of Germany. We’re seeing great growth come out of the U.K. So it’s really a matter of, we think about that as a portfolio in and of itself. And that’s what we believe helps us to continue to see even further growth. But we see tremendous potential in this marketplace, and we’re only just scratching the surface.
Trevor Edwards: A couple of things there. I think one of the things that we, I think, did a number of years ago is we really embedded pricing into the way that we do the business every single day. So we’re working on pricing at a style by style level and a market by market level, and making sure that ultimately we deliver the value to the consumer. At the same time, we do believe the power of our brand, and our ability to bring more innovation to the market, is really helping to drive a premium position. And we’ve seen it really in every market around the world where the consumer is definitely trending towards premium products. Well made with great innovation is certainly resonating with the consumers. :
Trevor Edwards: I’d say first that the brand is very strong in Brazil. It’s very strong in Latin America. And in fact, the World Cup obviously was a great example of, it was a tremendous success for us. I think what you’re seeing around Latin America right now is certainly some macroeconomic headwinds that we’re working through. And what we’re essentially trying to do is make sure that we’re taking prudent steps to proactively manage the flow of product into the marketplace. To make sure that the market can actually remain healthy for both us as well as for our retail partners. And that’s really what we’re doing. So it’s more about making sure that we balance it. For the long term, we are tremendously enthusiastic about the opportunity that lies in the Brazilian market and in Latin America. Very high sports markets. Consumers have a very good passion for the brand and certainly passion for sport. So we really are very bullish about that market long term.
Trevor Edwards: Around running, obviously running is our heritage, and it’s obviously our largest performance category. And we continue to see great growth in our running business. In fact, the running business grew double digits this year on top of double digits last year. So it certainly is still driving. What we’re seeing in the category of running, certainly around runners, we’re obviously seeing the women’s business grow at a great clip. So we’re seeing strong growth among the women’s business, but also amongst the premium business. So that consumer continues to want more dimension, I would say. And also, we’re seeing great things like focus on technology and certainly the focus on color. And all those things are starting to drive that marketplace. The other part to the running business is also the apparel. We’re seeing a great growth around premium apparel in running. Now, the one area that, again, we continue to see opportunity for is strengthening our product line, certainly around the lower price points. And this is what Mark always speaks about, the complete offense. And this is the opportunity where we can really focus in more around our core business and really make sure that we strengthen that. But all in all, the running business is still strong. And we obviously can see the pipeline that’s going to be coming, so we feel very confident about the continuation of driving the running business in North America.
Mark Parker: We’re very bullish on our ecommerce opportunity. We’ve invested quite heavily in improving our operational capabilities or supply chain. We’re seeing, again, the category offense really resonate through dotcom. Obviously, it is the preferred channel, where a lot of consumers are shifting and moving. Women’s business is up significantly in that mix. Our customization, or Nike ID, up significantly. Running, sportswear, really across the main key categories, we’re seeing tremendous resonance in that channel. This will continue to be a major growth opportunity for Nike, and definitely a source of further investment. We think that the return on this investment will be as strong, frankly, as anywhere we have in the company. Very bullish. Top, top priority for the company, and continued opportunity for growth and profitability.
Mark Parker: You know, the athletes aren’t just a source of or a platform to promote the brand and to get brand exposure. They’re the source of insights that we get. The relationships we have with the athletes are really what drives the innovation that ultimately drives our business and our growth potential. So that’s been there since day one. That will continue to be the case moving forward.
Mark Parker: And I think, Jim, on your second question, about the supply chain, we’re working really across the whole supply chain and harvesting opportunities all the way from manufacturing modernization and implementation of things like Lean manufacturing or improved human resource practices in the factories, doing some factory automation, as I said, all the way to more revolutionary technologies like Flyknit. We’re also continuing to work on streamlining the whole supply chain and making sure that we’re matching up the supply and demand as tightly as possible, which reduces closeouts and maximizes margins. So there’s a tremendous number of opportunities. We feel that we’re going to be able to continue to take advantage of some of those things as we work to offset input cost inflation.
Mark Parker: We have a lot of confidence around our ability to leverage and scale best practices around the world, but then also, at the other end, to tailor our product and marketing as needed, even down to the city level. So it’s that combination, I think, that is really a part of Nike’s strength and our potential.
Mark Parker: And I’d add one other thing too. In our organization, the people who are really on the front lines from a pricing and a consumer value standpoint are the merchants. So this is a set of decisions that the people who are at the marketplace are really driving that strategy.
Mark Parker: Yeah, I’m not going to go into great detail here and now, but I will say that these breakthroughs really come in the shorter term, the midterm, and the long term. You know, we’ve got a steady flow of innovations beyond Flyknit to speed up our manufacturing, to make the whole process of manufacturing more efficient, more sustainable, and offset some of those higher input costs. Specifically, 3D printing, that has a tremendous opportunity for us. That’s a bit on the longer road side of things. But we intend to be on the forefront of that potential. And there’s other things that I don’t want to get into at this point, that will start to make a more meaningful impact over the next one to three years.
