Charles D. Denson: Kate, this is Charlie. As we said in the prepared remarks, I think we feel pretty good about what we're trying to do and the results are maybe, a little bit expected and some unexpected, but we're moving quickly to align the Apparel business with what we call, the amplified sport strategy, and we feel pretty good about where we're headed and when we're going to get there. And I think I'll just point to the Apparel futures for China as we look forward in repositioning, we feel pretty good with up strong double-digit growth in Apparel. So still some work to be done. But definitely feel like we're on the right path and very comfortable with the strength of the overall business in China. As you can see, the Footwear business continues to be extremely strong and our brand strength continues to position ourselves for long-term success.
Charles D. Denson: Yes. We feel very good about the progress that we're making as our supply chain continues to catch up with demand, especially in some of the hotter product types the Lunar platform as well as Nike Free. And I think you'll start to see some of that starting to ease in the second half.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, this is Charlie, Bob. I think as we talked about it in the prepared remarks, the bad part is obviously is that it's a tougher economic situation. We hurt ourselves a little bit this past quarter with some of our deliveries and we are obviously anniversary-ing the World Cup. The good news is, our DTC division reported very strong growth and we're very happy to hear and see that. We feel really good about our business in Germany and France. They had good quarters. And France obviously, the launch of the national team is the start of a very long and prosperous relationship there, and we feel very good about our performance in Germany. Challenging in Southern Europe. Unemployment figures, economic woes, I think consumer confidence permeates that region. And the U.K. marketplace continues to be a bit of a challenge. Running is one of our strong suits as is performance Apparel so we feel very good about that. I think some of the things that we can get better on, and I referred that in my comments, is just our overall execution, on-time deliveries and doing a better job there. The development of the category offense, specifically in Football, is a focal point for us and we feel good about our direction there. And like I said, we're really looking forward to this summer with the Olympics and the Euro Champs, both happening within literally 60 days of each other. We have an amazing pipeline of innovation that we're looking forward to and I'm still pretty bullish on Europe long term. We got some work to do but I'm very bullish in the long term.
Charles D. Denson: So I think Bob, your question is a good one and something that we pay a lot of attention to. One of the things that we've talked to about a lot is, the only thing we really control is our own destination, our own future. And that's when we feel very comfortable with, our closeout business continues to be very much in line with growth. And then if you look at the overall numbers, in units versus value right now, the value is much higher than the units, some of it because of the success we're having at the premium end of the business and other than that, some of it is around some of the Apparel figures, which relies or reverts back to a much higher commitment to the outerwear business, which is a higher price point business this fall but we're actually looking very much forward to. I think when you look at the overall industry, it's certainly -- as the numbers have been released over the last couple of weeks and months, it's certainly something that's on our radar screen and we're very, very sensitive to and we're watching very, very closely.
Charles D. Denson: Hi, Michelle. This is Charlie. I think in Europe, you're starting to see some of the new brand presentation stores rollout. We've got a new Running store in London that we're extremely excited about down in the Soho area. And so you're starting to see a couple of those executions in Europe. As far as China goes, I guess Mark just mentioned to me also, the House of Hoops program, which we're rolling out in Europe has seen -- actually, we were bullish going in and it's outperformed our expectations. And I'll move back over to Asia now. I think what you're seeing in Asia, we've got the new store in Hong Kong -- I mean in Tokyo, good store. Still a challenging marketplace that we're dealing with there, I think again, we remain bullish long term but it's got some short-term issues coming off of the disasters that we saw there last spring. And then when you look at China, the biggest opportunity there is continuing to define the most productive size of the space and what it represents. And we're working with the China team and some of our major customers there to better define our productivity levels and to continue to maintain our ability to grow the brand and the business in China. So you will start to see more and more of it in Europe over the next 6 to 12 months. And China will be an evolution of the space that we currently really worked together with our partners to control in the mono-brand environment.
Charles D. Denson: And I'll jump in here just to take the opportunity to kind of trumpet the execution versus the investment. I think obviously, our investments are made against our biggest growth opportunities but I would go back to that category offense and our ability to execute at a very high level right now in North America, even though I don't think we're at maximum capacity or efficiency, I think we're really starting to find our stride. And I think the upside is to continue to see that develop in some of the other geographies.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I would just add from an NIKE perspective, because we're seeing that type of price increase across the entire portfolio. But from a NIKE perspective, as we've gone into spring bookings, we have not seen any big price resistance at all as we've moved into the selling period. So we're still feeling pretty comfortable and confident that we have the price value relationship in the product itself and the innovation that we're bringing to the market that so far, certainly in the buying process, we're not seeing any material impact.
Charles D. Denson: Well, I think we gave pretty specific guidance on growth rates and we used the term modest leverage. And at this point as you put your finger on it, we have strategies that are really resonating in the marketplace. We feel terrific about the momentum in our business. And at this point, we think that's a great investment to make to continue to drive the growth so we do believe we're going to get some leverage. We've talked about that. But at this stage, we think we've got the balance right.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, we're working those guys pretty good right now. As Mark mentioned, I think we had our biggest contingent, I guess, in China this summer as we've ever had. And the excitement and the fuel that it's bringing to the brand is something we're continuing to leverage well. As we speak, I think Kobe is headed back out again next week. He's going to spend some time in Europe. We still have plans right now to be confirmed, but I think LeBron may go back out and spend some more time in Europe as we start to prepare that marketplace for the Olympic event this summer. And so we're pretty excited about that. And then the college game isn't going away by the way either. And what's going on in the NCAA right now with all the talk on conference realignment and what its impact is. I think the NCAA tournament this year could be as good as ever and we're very excited about that. So between NCAA, the buildup globally to the Olympics surround the international team play. And then I think the anticipation of hopefully, that the NBA does work out and get's a season in, we still think Basketball, we're very, very bullish on Basketball as you would expect.
Charles D. Denson: Well, you're right. I'm going to exercise that discretion and probably, leave that question unanswered at this point in time.
Charles D. Denson: Well, the prices do kick in a little bit in fall, a little bit more in holiday and then, a little more substantial for spring. Right now, we are seeing in our futures, a low to mid single-digit growth in average selling price on both the Footwear and Apparel side. And if you look at our numbers for the Q1, we just reported in revenue, it was up marginally. So as you would expect, the math is showing that there is an increasing level of expansion in average selling price.
Charles D. Denson: We're actually -- we're preparing several different scenarios depending on how it will all plays out. So you may see some of the NBA players signature models maybe show up on some college teams where maybe you wouldn't have seen that if we were launching with the player himself. But other than that, no material changes in the strategy with regards to the new product. Actually, I think, I'm not sure if you've seen any of it but it's great stuff and we can't wait to get it into the marketplace. So we'll find the best vehicle that exists depending on how this whole thing plays itself out.
Charles D. Denson: Yes -- no, the North American consumer is definitely not backing off at all. In fact they're actually amping up. And so -- and obviously, that's the biggest piece of the business, so it drives a good chunk of the number itself. But China is continuing to do very well and what we're actually probably the most excited about, albeit very small at this point, is the increasing level of interest around Basketball in Europe. I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks or one of the earlier questions, it continues to out-index most of the stores that we're putting in. And the success of the House of Hoops program with Foot Locker continues to be very exciting. I think we're looking at a couple of new locations in Central and Eastern Europe, which I think Kobe may even have an opportunity to show up in the next couple of weeks.
Charles D. Denson: They're slightly stronger in the first half of the window, but we've only got 1 month of spring in at this point in time, it's at the very tail end of the futures window. That's not necessarily going to give you the complete picture on spring.
Charles D. Denson: Before we go to the next question, I just want to clarify the answer I gave to Jim Duffy on other income and expense. I said we expected the future on other income expense to be roughly about the average of the last couple of quarters, I just wanted to make sure that people heard it that way. The last 3 quarters, we've had the number some up, some down. It's basically plus or minus around 0. So the point I'm trying to make here is, it's not a big driver of the income and it's plus or minus around 0. So I just wanted to clarify that answer.
Mark G. Parker: Specifically, holiday is better than fall and we expect spring to be better than holiday and summer better than spring, so it's getting sequentially better by season.
Mark G. Parker: Well, I would say that we're confident in our position on pricing, not cavalier but confident. We have, as Don pointed out very well, that our brand strength, the strength of our product that's in the pipeline coming for spring, what we're going to see the bulk of those price increases to take effect, really feel like we're in a great position to cover those price increases, really better than anybody else in the industry. So I'm not overly concerned but we are keeping a close eye on that, as we are with the rest of the industry. But I think we're in the best position to really take on those price increases at this point in time.
Mark G. Parker: We see -- we have a fair amount of flexibility. We're big but we're flexible and you'll see a few surprises.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, Bob, I'm going to let Charlie answer that with respect to what he's seeing on the commercial market place. And I'll come out a little bit after.
Donald W. Blair: Yes, so just putting in some numeric lines under that, Bob, the data we're looking at in terms of key customers and so on says that their inventory of our products is very clean. And I think at this point, we've got very differentiated product in the marketplace. The brand is very strong. As Charlie mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have great visibility into the supply chain and our outlet store network has never been more productive as a vehicle for managing the marketplace. So in terms of the tools we have, the visibility we have and just the overall level of confidence in the product and the brand, we feel like we're in really good shape.
Donald W. Blair: Well, Michelle, it's not always something you can read on a quarter-by-quarter basis. For example, as you were referencing both Western Europe and Central and Eastern Europe, we're under some pressure from a profitability standpoint this quarter. But some of that relates to currency that if you recall, run about a one-year lag on currency. So a lot of that product is coming through in euros. And so as the euro changed over time, those markets were under some pressure. If you go to China, we've made decisions to continue to make investments in China. As you know, as Charlie just said, we have a little bit of a temporary slowdown in revenue for this quarter, but in the long run, we're very confident in the growth in that market. So these are really more quarter-to-quarter noise, I would say, as opposed to really long-term changes in profitability. All of the markets that you mentioned, for example, China and North America, very, very profitable on an absolute basis.
Donald W. Blair: That one is, as we've talked about many times before, very, very hard to forecast it. Basically, it's exchange rate driven. I would say it's something that will be broadly consistent with what you've seen over the last quarter or so, but that's always going to be some volatility in there related to small points in the business.
Donald W. Blair: No. When you say markdowns were a drag, that's not -- basically, last year, we had very low levels of closeout, and we saw a return to a little bit more normalized level of closeouts. I wouldn't characterize it as a drag. I think that what we're seeing now in a lot of parts of the business is just a little bit more of a normalization as the growth returns.
