John Donahoe: Matt, why don't I take the second part of that question and then you take the first. So Jay, as I mentioned, we are making, and started nine months ago, important adjustments in our offense. And that started with putting the consumer and sport squarely back into our offense. And so that allows a sharpness across men's-women's-kids and Jordan around sport. And so, there's a sharpness around running, end-to-end, around fitness, around basketball, around football, and around lifestyle. So we brought the best of the category offense right back in, along with the sort of gender umbrella. And that resulted in consumer-led, sport-focused teams that are back on our front foot, as we talked about, building a strong innovation pipeline. And in classic NIKE form, it's not just one or two products. It's building a three-year pipeline so that we can bring innovation season after season in each sport. In fact, we were just, this week, we had 300 or 400 of our top leaders here for spring '25. That addition of the next round of innovation, I can tell you, our teams are excited. And it's not just one season. It's a full three-year pipeline. We're combining that with elevating our brand and bigger, bolder stories, grounded in sport and athletes that cut through, and connect with impact. And again, you'll see that in the Olympics. And you saw that a little bit with Caitlin Clark and with Sabrina, most recently, little examples of it, getting back to what we do best, and we're doing that with brand. Then in the marketplace, while we have a sport focus, we're combining both the best of our direct offense. But a reinvestment with our wholesale partners, so we bring a more holistic offense that grows the market and gets in the path of our consumer. And so, that's what's driving our growth. We've made the necessary adjustments to bring the best of what's worked in our proven formula so that we move forward.
John Donahoe: Yes, Matt. Well, I can't tell you the change in the feeling, of our innovation design and product creation teams, getting back on their front foot. And it's not just about a product or an item here and there. It's around building a robust pipeline of innovation. So I mentioned in my remarks, Air. Air has been probably the single largest innovation platform in NIKE's history. And we continue to innovate with Air, both in performance, which you'll see in the Olympics, and you'll see it impact almost every sport dimension. And you get to see that in a couple of weeks and measurable performance benefits. Again, classic NIKE innovation. And then also in lifestyle. Let me just take Air Max DN. We're launching Air Max DN next week, but we already have next year's Air Max and the following year developed, which are further innovations in Air. So that it's not just one year, its three years in the pipeline that we're working on improving and improving and improving, as we bring it with power to consumers. Beyond that, let me take running. I was over, Matt and I were over in the running room. It was yesterday, I think, Matt, wasn't it? It was yesterday. And the three-year pipeline of innovation is clear across Vomero, Structure, and Peg. So we'll have Peg 41 launch in June. Peg Premium will be as well as other members of the Peg family, Peg Trail, all coming in the second half of the year. And we're clear what's coming in '25 and '26 across Peg, Vomero, and Structure. Again, pipeline. Same thing in women's. We went into the women's room. Amy Montagne and team have lined up not just what's coming in the short-term, but what's coming season-after-season, which is what allows NIKE to drive innovation at scale and consistency.
John Donahoe: Yes, let me start. By talking about pricing power, one of the biggest benefits to a strong brand, an innovative brand, a brand that's continuing to bring freshness and newness to the consumer, is pricing power. And over the last couple years, given our brand strength, we've been able to implement strategic pricing in order to be able to offset, some of the headwinds that we've been facing. But as we look forward, we believe that more newness, more freshness, products that are more connected to stories that are relevant to consumers, should give us the ability on a structural basis, to continue to expand our profitability. And the point, I was trying to make in response to Matt's question is that when the brand is strong, the biggest driver of growth and margin expansion is strong consumer demand for the products we have. And high levels of full price realization. And that ultimately is the fundamental as we carry forward. In the near term, one of the headwinds that we're going to see is that not surprisingly, our digital business carries a higher mix of the biggest franchises that consumers love. And so, as we manage the supply of our larger franchises, we do expect that there will be a near term channel mix headwind, from transitioning our product portfolio. But we view that as being a near term factor, because ultimately for NIKE to grow at the rates that we aspire to grow to, we have to grow units across the marketplace. We have to go grow units in NIKE Direct, through digital in our stores, and we've got to grow units through our partners. And so that is where our focus is, dimensionalized through sport, our fields of play, the way we've always segmented the marketplace to grow. So that we can work and serve the consumer, where the consumer is at. As far as operating profitability long-term, we continue to believe that we can expand gross margins by running our operating model and also driving value out of some of the things that we've talked about in the past, like product cost initiatives to lower our input costs. We're actually already starting to see some benefits on that, in the back half of this year, continuing to drive supply chain efficiency. And then, as I mentioned, the way that we're thinking about managing our SG&A, shifting more of our resources to be consumer facing, we're focused on building an operating model that's got greater speed and drives greater productivity as we grow. And we think that will also be a source of long-term margin expansion for the company.
John Donahoe: Yes, Matt, why don't I take the first part of that, you take the second. So, Michael, on China, interestingly, Angela Dong and her team and all of our top partners, were here for the last week. As you know, we have 6,000 model brand doors. They were here for innovation. And a couple of things are clear. Sport is strong in China and NIKE's strong in China. Our growth in Q3 was 6%, which was in line with our plan. And we're gaining share. We're gaining share certainly against the global brands, and we're gaining share against the local brands. So, NIKE's brand is strong in its back. With regard to channel mix in your specific question, part of what's driving that is the consumers back on the street. And so, I would say that the physical retail channel in China is stronger than digital. And then within digital, Tmall, which was historically the biggest digital driver, is experiencing less growth. We're still the number one sports brand on Tmall. And social commerce, Douyin is growing. And we're not yet on Douyin. We're just getting on Douyin. And so, you'll see us expanding our growth into social commerce, which is the growing digital channel in China. But I can tell you, Matt and I had a chance and Craig Williams and others to meet with our partners from China. They came away seeing our innovation pipeline that I've been talking about, Matt and I have been talking about on this call, what we've got in store coming. And they, it was the first time they'd been on our campus in four years since COVID. And they came away excited, leaning in. And so, we are very optimistic about the future in China. And we will grow across multi-channels to grow the market. It's probably the area of the world we do that the best.
John Donahoe: And I just build on what Matt said, Alex, the first part of your question. Our partners want us. They need NIKE to help grow the market. They want newness. They want NIKE freshness. They want us to lean in with them. And that's exactly what we're doing. So, the reception has been very strong and very good. And we'll continue to capitalize on that and leverage that, so that we collectively grow the entire market in service of the consumer.
John Donahoe: Bob, as I mentioned earlier, we've had a chance to be with Heidi and her teams on looking at the running pipeline, the everyday running pipeline. And there are clearly already some early green shoots. The Vomero 17 and the Structure 25 out in the market today, both growing double digits to very strong reception. As I mentioned earlier, the Peg family, starting with Peg 41, Peg Premium, Peg Trail coming in the second half of the year, the order book is looking good. We're also, in direct answer to your question, investing in our ground game, with more focus and specificity around running than before. That includes being where runners are. So, being at the marathons, at the local races, at the local runs. We had a strong presence of the LA Marathon and activations there with very positive response. In fact, we had a shoe exchange effort that went crazy, with so many people switching over to NIKE, because we're there with them. We'll continue to do that. And then in the RSG channel, as you mentioned, we've increased our focus and penetration and RSG's and other new partners that authenticate our brand. And we've doubled our EKINs. And as you know, our EKINs are the experts who provide our partners with even greater NIKE expertise and personal engagement. So, if you take the combination of strong, innovative product portfolio and pipeline with more ground game and presence where runners are. Combined with a greater marketplace distribution, including RSG's and with our EKINs in the field, we feel like we're already seeing some green shoots of progress in everyday running. And we'll continue to see that quarter-after-quarter. It won't happen overnight, but we're already seeing momentum in North America. And we believe that will continue around the world.
Matthew Friend: And Jay, the way I think about fiscal '25, is that we are taking our product portfolio through a period of transition. We talked about this last quarter, in terms of our focus on scaling newness and innovation, and the green shoots that we were seeing in terms of the way the consumer, is responding to the newness that we're bringing to market. And this quarter only gave us more confidence that that is where we need to focus and how we will continue to create greater impact, and distinction from a brand point of view. And so this quarter, we saw a majority of our top 20 growing footwear products, be new products that have been created this year. And those products are on a trajectory to deliver multi-billions of annual run rate of incremental revenue. And that's where our focus is. At the same time, we're managing some of our largest lifestyle franchises, and some of our performance franchises back, to make space for the newness. And that's going to have a corresponding offsetting impact. And because we've been missing some product newness at scale in our portfolio over the last several seasons, these actions are resulting in a decline of low single-digits, is how we're thinking about the first half of the year. But we believe we will inflect in the second half, and grow next year on the top line. And when we step back and think about the importance of newness and innovation, and not just to drive the top line, but to create consumer impact at scale, that's the foundation for us driving long-term growth.
Matthew Friend: And I'll just, I'll hit on the question, Matt. On the timeline of transition, I'll just reiterate what I just said, which is we believe that transition is going to occur in the second half of fiscal '25. You will continue to hear us talking about the way we're scaling newness and innovation from this point forward. The products that are already out in the market, we expect to continue to scale. And then John's referenced the DN, the Peg 41, and we've got other things that are coming in the first half of this year. And so that's what we're excited about, offset by the way we're managing some of our franchises. When I think about your question about material changes to the long-term, I'm going to hit on maybe a couple of points here. I think the first one I'd say is that, while our strategy over the last few years has been consumer-led. What I would say is that the - last year or so, we've been more focused on trying to achieve mix of marketplace targets than we have serving consumer demand where the consumer is shopping. And so, there's been more focus on trying to achieve the 40% digital metric or the 60% direct metric when that was always a consumer-focused strategy. The consumer is still clearly shopping in multi-brand retail. And we need to elevate our brand and our positioning, to be able to serve the consumer and to have the maximum impact, from the new innovations that we're bringing to market. And so, those measures are not measures that are guiding our forward-looking plans, okay. The second I'd say is that when we look at the industry and step back overall, stepping back from being in a moment of transitioning our product portfolio. We continue to see strong growth potential in our sector. We think we continue to have industry tailwinds, consumer interest in sport, more people participating in running events and marathons, to more people focused on fitness and living a healthy lifestyle. There are natural consumer tailwinds that are going to continue, to drive growth in our sector, and we expect to grow and to take share like we always have. As it relates to our long-term margin target, I think this quarter and this year, has been a great proof point on us, recapturing some of the transitory cost headwinds that have been in our face the last couple of years. But also showing how we can execute to deliver gross margin expansion, and be disciplined in the way we're managing costs, while we're investing in the consumer. When I look forward, I think we can continue to drive more profitable growth, and the margins that we've discussed and the opportunity for margin expansion is still significant within our model, but having a strong brand is the foundation for us to be able to drive long-term growth and profitability. And we're focused on what it takes through this flow of innovation - being authenticated in sport, and elevating our presence across the marketplace. And if we can do this, we think we can drive attractive growth and high profitability. And when we get to Investor Day later this year, what we'll do is we will update our algorithm and our expectations, over the next five-year period.
Matthew Friend: Yes. And to John's point, not only do we have 6,000 stores, but China is a monobrand market. And so, whether it's owned or partnered, it's a monobrand market, which gives us the ability to have the best expression in front of the consumers, to be able to direct the assortment, so that as we bring newness and innovation and new stories, we partner with our partners. And the last thing I was going to say, Michael, is just the penetration of NIKE Direct in China is lower than what it is across our other geographies. In terms of your question about where we'll see the franchise management, yes, you're right. It will be more in NIKE Direct. And primarily because we continue to see a heavy level of promotional activity happening across digital, across all of our geographies. And while we continue to see, as we've supplied our largest franchises to our wholesale partners, we're actually seeing incredibly strong weekly sell-through on these franchises. We're seeing high levels, high above our targets of full price realization. And so, our franchises are healthy. In fact, we could sell more of these products if we wanted to. But we don't think that's the right thing to do, from a brand point of view. And we know that we manage these franchises for long-term health. And so, we're focused on scaling the newness and creating the consumer space, for us to tell stories about new things that, we're bringing to drive energy. And that's where our focus is. And so, that's ultimately where our teams are spending their time. And that's what's influencing the near-term transition that I highlighted a little bit earlier. As far as the margin question goes, what I'll say is that we're going to grow revenue and earnings next year. And we expect to drive operating margin expansion, excluding the impact of the restructuring charge. And that's going to come through gross margin expansion first. And then, continuing to be disciplined in the way we manage SG&A in order, to be able to drive more productive growth.
Matthew Friend: If you want to jump in on that and go for it. So, Alex, I think the only thing I would say at this point, is the way that we're thinking about the geography splits, is we're not assuming that economic conditions in the international markets in particular get better. It assumes a status quo, relative to where we are today. And next quarter, I'll provide more tangible insights into not only the first half, but our full year growth over fiscal '25. On the wholesale side, what I would say is that I think the biggest thing to take away, is that we don't like the way our brand is showing up in wholesale. And we own that. And we need to focus, on elevating the experience for consumers, when they come into interaction with our brand. If you segment our marketplace by dimension and by, where we sell our units, our seasonal units on a full price basis. Our wholesale partners represent three quarters of the market, from a unit perspective. And so, the importance of being able to elevate, and to position our brand correctly and to tell stories about the products that, we're bringing to market in that environment, is an absolutely critical way not only, to help consumers fall in love with the products we have, but to also give consumers that tangible ability, to come into real life connection with the NIKE brand. And so, what we're focused on, beginning with the DN, is we're going to see and you'll feel the DN launch in 4,000 doors initially across the marketplace. And then when we look at the way we're going to scale that innovation over the next several seasons through product journeys with different partners, telling different stories in different parts of the marketplace, we continue to. We're very excited about the impact that that could have on the market. And we know that it's what we need to do. And so, the investments will be in things like seasonal marketing campaigns, elevating the presentation of our product, investing in the breadth and depth of the assortment, including color, so the consumer gets more choice off of the products that we care about the most, in order to be able to create that kind of impact across the market. We think we've got the right partners, but our strategy and our approach to the marketplace is constantly evolving, based on where the consumer is, based on where the consumer is shopping, and who's connecting most with the consumers. So, apart from some of the areas that we've been talking about where we need to create new distribution, because we see growth opportunities that don't line up with our current partners. Our focus is on our current partners right now and elevating the experience of our brand with them.
Matthew Friend: Yes, Bob. And another indicator of a green shoot for us, is that our bookings for fall '24, which is the fall season coming up in running footwear, delivered strong growth. And to John's point, that's across our $100 plus products, but also us coming back into market with a new line of core running footwear. And so, it's another green shoot for us that we see momentum in running in particular, and one that we're focused on continuing to ignite. And I think the Olympics actually will help that as a segue to your second point. The opportunity that we see starts with our brand. The opportunity starts with our Air for Athletes campaign that we're going to be bringing through the Olympics, combined with the products that John referenced. So, ones that you will see on the track, on the streets, vis-a-vis the marathon, to on the football pitch with visible Air, to the basketball court. With Air being visible, leveraging this similar technology that we've leveraged through the Alphafly 3. And so - we're excited about the innovation we're bringing, but it's an ignition point, because there is material value from the products that we will sell that we've sold in around these Olympic stories, but it's about igniting the Air platform as we go forward. And so, the way we think about it is that it's a catalyst from both a brand and a business point of view, because it will be an important moment on - the world's biggest stage to showcase the best and greatest innovations in these sports. And then, the connection of the innovation, to the pipeline of product that's coming that we expect will drive growth through their balance of '25 and into '26. Especially as you think about the next Air iteration and the one after that, which we already have in development. So, from our perspective, it's a tremendous opportunity to catalyze energy, but more importantly, to reposition NIKE at sport with the athlete and drive the next chapter of growth for us.
