Charlie Denson: Well, no, Trevor and the entire team are in great shape. Everybody knows Trevor. He has been around here a long time. He is great shape. He is well positioned to take the baton and keep going. I think there is no specific areas of advice that I can give him that I don't think he already knows. He is pretty well positioned and has got a great experience and he is a well recognized person, certainly around here and I think extremely as well. So I think I look forward to helping him make the transition and we will be in good shape.
Charlie Denson: When we talk about and we look at North America and both the results and the futures order going forward, they are still pretty broad based, running, continues to still grow at double-digits. Basketball is accelerating and you saw the Q4 basketball results. They were extremely strong. And certainly the NBA Playoff run didn't slow that down at all, and so we are very excited about that going into next year. We talked about women's. We're pretty excited about the women's piece and then we are moving into our second year with the NFL here in North America, so it's really broad-based portfolio of progress I guess. When you look at the way that the business is being made up from a channel standpoint, we are doing it across all the channels. It's not one specific channel that stands out good or better than the others and I think that that speaks to North America management team and points of differentiation that we have been able to create in the marketplace.
Charlie Denson: Yes, well, first of all, we continue to be incredibly bullish on Flyknit for a number of reasons that we have talked about before. Performance-wise, sustainability, margin, opportunities going forward, as we scale that technology within running, of course, and then across the other categories. So we are in the midst of a fairly major effort to scale Flyknit across other models. Over this next 12 months you will see some very exciting new versions of Flyknit. I would say, just from a product standpoint, we are just scratching the surface in terms of the potential that it offers from a performance and an aesthetic standpoint. Let alone the manufacturing capabilities that it brings us. The manufacturing payoff will come when, as we get this to even greater scale. We are well on our way, in terms of our plan, to leverage, like I said, Flyknit across categories and even across price points as well. So you will see some very exciting executions, actually starting as early as this August, you will see Flyknit actually meet Nike Free, and that's a great combination. I am tempted to say more, but I can't.
Charlie Denson: Well, as far as acceleration, yes, we have definitely seen some fairly significant increases in wage rates in a couple of countries. I think the one in Indonesia certainly was pretty well publicized. We haven't seen the growth in quite that level in other places. But they have all been added up. I think, as Mark talked about a little bit with respect to Flyknit, I think the longer term solution to addressing a lot of these labor cost issues is really engineering the labor out of the product and that really is with technologies and innovations like Flyknit and there are a number of others that we have in the pipeline that are aimed at the same thing. It will take some time, and that's why one of the reasons we spoke to this on the prepared remarks is that we are very carefully looking at all the other levers of gross margin, including price as well as just how we manage our mix. One of the benefits we have seen in the last year or so is a real strength in the premium end of our business, which is the place where we have the most differentiation and the most opportunity for price. So, long-term, innovation we think is one of the ways to get at this labor cost pressure. On the near-term, we are also obviously looking at price and all the other levers in gross margin.
Charlie Denson: Well, one thing to bear in mind and I have mentioned this in the prepared remarks. There is a lot of currency headwind in these numbers for, particularly, the first quarter. So we do hedge which means that for the major currencies, we are largely protected for a period of time, but we don't hedge a 100% and there is a lot of currencies that we don't hedge, particularly developing market currencies. So, a more favorable FX environment would certainly help. From a business standpoint, there is clearly a positive impact to managing inventories and keeping the market within that pull mode and one of the things that obviously we have been doing, as you saw our inventory numbers today, is keeping that inventory in check. So the upsides in this business model, as you know, are keep the inventories tight, make sure the brand is hot, sell-through maximum at full price and that's where the upside comes from. So we have a lot of moving parts in here. I think, as Mark said, we are better and better at this as each quarter goes by and I hope you are right. I hope there is opportunity in the gross margin number.
Charlie Denson: So, again, I am looking at the futures numbers here, hold on. Actually, they are fairly close. The futures will actually accelerate a little bit in apparel more than footwear, but they are pretty even obviously with the number in '12. We have still got great momentum in the marketplace in footwear. As we talked about over the last couple of calls, we are really focused on improving our apparel position. We think it's one of our biggest opportunities. I think we are starting to see some of that momentum and work payoff a little bit, especially in the North American geography.
Mark Parker: Yes. I am glad you asked the question, Bob, because our perspective on the business really hasn't changed. We are absolutely as confident in the business as were 90 days ago. In fact, when we look at our constant currency operating profits, they have actually gone up a little bit in terms of our expectations, but a couple of things have happened. Number one is, the FX environments changed a bit and that's been a little bit of a drag on the numbers. Secondly, we finished FY'13 with a few more shares than we had expected 90 days ago. Finally, if you look at our tax lines, our FY'14 perspective has not changed, but FY'13 came in a little better than what we had expected as we talked about in the prepared remarks. So, from an operating standpoint, we are just as confident as we have been and very confident going into FY'14. There's just been a few things that have pulled our growth rate down a touch.
Mark Parker: We talk a lot about complete offense and that means across the product platforms, technologies, categories, geos and wholesale and direct retail, and the U.S. or North America is a tremendous example of really operating a complete offense. And, the exciting thing is as we see that kind of success in the U.S. and kind of turn around all cylinders there, we see the opportunity to really take a lot of that and apply that to other parts of the world. So, leveraging that complete offense and those successes across the other geographies is really our plan. Very exciting. The other point is as it relates to the organizational shift, Elliot Hill coming on board to lead the geographies. He is incredibly experienced. He has done a fantastic job in North America. Tremendous experience in both wholesale and retail. Great energy, lots of passion. Again, part of what I think is going to be a leadership team and has some tremendous chemistry. So, Elliot and his team, to Charlie's point, deserve a lot of credit.
Mark Parker: Your question on Brazil, obviously there is a lot going on in Brazil with the ramp up to World Cup and the Olympics. We know the unrest and we are watching that situation very closely to-date. There has been no material impact on our operations or our business in Brazil. We remain incredibly excited about the World Cup coming up and all the opportunities around that, and then following that the Olympics. This is, as we have said, our time to shine as a brand and we have some pretty amazing things coming, Charlie alluded to that, in the world of football. So, we are excited about the opportunity in Brazil. But we will stay close to it.
Mark Parker: Well, DTC and specifically online part of DTC is a huge priority at Nike, and we are investing in that platform fairly aggressively I would say. We see the opportunity there is continuing on, we are investing in mobile for example and seeing some great results there. Obviously, customization continues to be actually a very strong subset of our dotcom business and we see lots of innovation opportunities there that are quite compelling. But overall, DTC, and again specifically the e-commerce dimension, DTC is a huge and growing percentage of our overall business. I think we are just at the very front end. I mean, if you look at DTC as a percentage of some of the big verticals out there, it's quite significant. So we see ourselves along with our retail partners in terms of wholesale dot-com is that there is some very significant opportunity for us and we are very, very focused and bullish.
Mark Parker: As we talked about our digital strategy, we divided into Digital Sport, which is really products and services like the FuelBand, for example, e-commerce and then communications. In communications, there's a lot of the social aspects. And as Don said, we see those all intersecting and that's where the real opportunity for Nike lies, is the intersection of all those pieces of digital in the future.
Mark Parker: Yes. Well, first of all, as I said there has never been more opportunity to innovate than there is today. And, with that comps, it's not just more. It's better. So, we need to edit against that incredible list of opportunities and make sure that we are investing in things that we think we can leverage for the greatest success to fuel growth, improve performance, sustainability, et cetera. And, really, we have a very disciplined process by which we edit against all those opportunities. So, yes we have some funding that we have put aside to look at getting behind some of these more compelling and innovation opportunities. I won't speak to specifically what those are, but the intent is to really rally behind those opportunities that are going to give us the greatest potential to grow the business. And, frankly, the leverage across categories price points and even the brands within the portfolio, so incredibly excited, but at the same time I know the discipline that needs to go with managing innovation to achieve the greatest impact.
Don Blair: I would jump in and add that our ability to sort of work the operational and financial levers to make the adjustments that we need to in light of some of the, or macroeconomic challenges. I mean that's never been better. We still feel like we have room for improvement in areas, but we have never had the ability to kind of surgically manage from an operational and financial standpoint as we do today. Very proud of that, and I think it's served us well, particularly over the last couple of years.
Don Blair: So on the ASPs, Robby, we usually don't get into that level of granularity by geography. But across all the futures, as we talked about, we were up five points on units and three points on ASP and that trend line is pretty consistent. So, we don't usually get into that level of granularity on a geography basis. But all the geos are seeing similar trends.
Don Blair: And the thing that I would add to that, Omar, is that the work that you referenced earlier that we do around the digital experience for consumers and all of the digital connections we have with consumers on the brand side, we think is the multiplier of the e-commerce site. Certainly, there is a lot of things we can do to sharpen our e-commerce platforms, but the connection points of all that traffic that's going through our brand sites and all of the connections we have with consumers, through things like Nike+, we think, have a multiplier effect in e-commerce that most pure play e-commerce players can't match.
Don Blair: That sounded like a statement, Omar, not a question. That will certainly be helpful to put China back on that sustainable growth path and we absolutely are confident that we are going to get China there.
Don Blair: Well, I don't want to get into that level of granularity again, but what I can do is talk to you little bit about some of the dynamics there. Certainly one of the things that was mentioned on the last question was just the high margins we have in China and one of the things that we believe is really exciting about the work we are doing right now with our retail partners is the opportunities still and the economics and productivity of the retail stores is that we can turn inventory faster. We think we can elevate the presentation for our consumers and we think that ultimately is better from a profitability standpoint for us and for the retailers. So, yes, our margins have held up relatively well in the last quarter, and there's a lot of things that we still think we can do going forward to manage that business for a high level of profitability. But I don't want to get into the weeds of trying to guess where margins are going to be for any one quarter. Just one thing to keep underlining here is, our goal is to get that market onto a sustainable profitable path. We are confident we can do it. We know how this works. It's just a question of working through the execution and being patient and disciplined as everybody else mentioned today.
Don Blair: I think this comment I made about complete offense is really a major factor in our success over this last year or really few years. It's definitely holding true as we move into, or will, as we move into fiscal '14. So, if you look at footwear and apparel, and you look across the categories, they're frankly up and down the price points. I think, we look actually quite strong in North America from a complete picture standpoint, so we continue to be bullish on the opportunities in North America as we move into fiscal '14.
Don Blair: And I would point out as you mentioned earlier. In my prepared remarks, I talked a little bit about the significant investments we have been making over the last three years particularly and our guidance for FY'14 does contemplate that as well. So, as Mark said, we've been investing in places like digital and product innovation and manufacturing innovation so on, and we would continue to do that but that is embedded in our guidance that we gave you for FY'14.
Don Blair: Well, we do anticipate continuing to increase cash returns to shareholders and I think you are well aware of our record on dividend. And, certainly, buying our own stock is going to be a component of that as well and we do expect to be strong buyers of our own stock. We try to do that as efficiently as we can. And, obviously, your ability to see into the future is always a little murky, but we are very enthusiastic about returning cash to shareholders as well as investing in the business and that debt offering we felt was well timed to give us the flexibility going forward to continue to do both.
