Mark Parker: Well, first I would start with the quarter. As I indicated in the prepared remarks, we did see a lot of things go right in Q2. We are continuing to see higher average selling prices and that's driven by both, price increases we have taken as well as very strong growth in the premium end of both the footwear and the apparel product lines; and the revenue mix, as I said, has definitely shifted to higher margin pieces of business. For example, the growth in Western Europe as well as growth in performance basketball and DTC are all positive mix shifts for us. We also had some lower discounts in Q2, as we were clearing a lot of inventory in China in this quarter last year, so all very positive things and we also had a bit of a tailwind from raw material costs, so all of those were upsides in the quarter and that offset some of the FX headwinds and the higher labor costs. As we talked about on the prepared remarks, I do think that most of those pluses are going to be positive factors over the balance of the year and certainly the strategies around looking at our pricing each season and making sure that we are taking the benefits from the differentiation of our products and the improved retail presentation that's clearly part of the strategy and certainly long-term. We are very focused on the premium aspects of our brand and our product lines, and as we bring new innovations to the market, we are definitely trying to use those to help move margins higher. So, as we think about a lot of the long-term things that we do control, we are really focused on long-term expansion in gross margin. Obviously, there's a lot of factors out there that we don't control and so on the long-term we obviously aim to offset things like currencies and increase labor costs, and we are confident that the strength of our brand and our products lets us do that over the long-term.
Mark Parker: Yes. It's actually a combination of both. What we are continuing to do in our apparel business, and certainly we have done it recently with the new Tech Pack launch that we did for sportswear. It is a great example of bringing innovation to what can some likely seem as a dormant category, so we were able to bring great innovation there. Obviously, as we talk about here getting paid for that work is a really important piece, so we are actually driving, obviously higher prices as well as making sure that it's delivering. The Aeroloft is another example as well as Dri-Fit Knit, so you are seeing across the board we are bringing innovation into the marketplace and using that as an opportunity to make sure that consumer is getting the right value, because we bring great innovation into it and our focus certainly has been around our sportswear business making sure that we have the premium segment which we call the Red Label, which is actually growing at a really rapid rate right now, really around the world, we are seeing that consistently. All those things are pointing to our ability to take premium price based on the strength of our brand as well as the strength of the technology that we put in place, and clearly the consumer is seeing great value from that.
Mark Parker: Yes. Actually, we have been very aggressive in our investment in scaling Flyknit production capacity, namely, with the couple of major partners here. I actually feels quite good about the pace that we are moving. We are actually moving it to more technical executions of Flyknit 2, which take actually more time from a production and a design engineering standpoint, very aggressive in terms of how we are innovating using this technology, so that creates more challenges, if you will, all the way through the manufacturing process, but really feel good about where we are. As I said earlier, we have it scaled across many of the running, actually all of the running platforms. We have it in sportswear, in training, just introduced in basketball and I think you will see Flyknit continue to be a really important technology force as we scale and leverage across even more categories going forward.
Mark Parker: And quickly, your question on gross margin. The largest swing between where we were in the second quarter and what we are now seeing for the third and the fourth quarters is that move from tailwind to headwind on materials and that is something that obviously relates to the spike we saw several years back in materials, which has been ebbed. We have now gotten back essentially to stabilization and we see that the second half of the year as that's starting to move into a headwind situation. Next would be the swing in discounts from favorable year-on-year to a little bit higher as we clear some pockets of inventory and then FX would be the third.
Mark Parker: Actually, I will jump in. This is Mark. We have introduced this last quarter and it is just beginning of a huge commitment to diversify the footwear business beyond the Chuck Taylor All Star and that's the cons footwear part of the line, feel good about the initial start there. That will ramp up as a bigger priority and a bigger scale play over the next fiscal year or two. Apparel, we are just in the infancy stages there, really focused on the specific segments of the market, specifically tees and fleece to start and feel really good about where we are in the upside opportunity there as well. Then we see some investments in DTC, e-commerce also yielding some growth for us as well.
Don Blair: Let's take a quarter-to-quarter look obviously at pricing opportunities that will continue to be an important lever here. We are looking at, as you asked about the manufacturing innovations, very committed to that. We are actually accelerating our innovation agenda there and confident that we can take some bigger steps, particularly as we scale some of these innovations to help offset some of those input cost headwinds, so it's a balancing act as always. Frankly, I think we are in a great position, innovation pipeline is incredibly strong, new products coming in at some premium price points that I think are incredibly compelling, so all that bodes well, I think, to help us on that margin line.
Don Blair: Okay. So let's just start with the first question about futures. You are correct that that 13% futures growth is 10% on units and 3% on average selling price. We are seeing that trend pretty consistently around the world where we have got expansion in average selling price, which as we said earlier and Mark reiterated was driven by pricing opportunities as well as shifting of mix to premium products, so we are seeing that pattern around the world. I would rather not get into trying to reconcile individual geography numbers at this point, but it is a pretty consistent pattern. As far as the relative growth rates, I mean, in our futures numbers are, first of all, embedded the DTC demand as well. So that DTC growth that we are seeing, both online as well as comp store numbers is driving some of that growth. Then similarly, if you look at our wholesale customers, a lot of them have online businesses as well which are driving accelerated growth, so we feel really good about the momentum we have got in the marketplace. We are certainly outpacing the growth of our key accounts because we are taking share in those accounts. So as we look at the growth trends, we feel really good about how the category offense is driving that sustainable growth around the world. So with respect to China, let me hand it off to Trevor.
Don Blair: Okay. On Western Europe, again, we saw great results for Western Europe as we talked about, 15% revenue growth. We are actually seeing that both, across footwear and apparel, so both of those are actually growing with strong double-digits. The futures growth, it was also 23%, which has shown continued momentum across multiple categories. One of the keys around Europe and it really goes back to what Mark spoke about earlier, which is we went in and did a strategic reset in Europe, where we really focused on key accounts as well as centralizing our approach to those key accounts, as well as accelerating the category offense. So what we are seeing is, we are seeing really great growth around performance. We are seeing growth in both footwear and apparel. We are seeing growth in our sportswear and our performance businesses, with actually performance leading the way. So we are seeing great growth in Running, Basketball, Football, and Women's Training. We have talked before about the success we have been having actually in Football. So across the board, we would say that we are gaining strength in the marketplace and delivering even greater separation in our footwear position in Europe. We truly believe it's part of the total offense that we have got in place in Western Europe. So we are very confident about where we are there and we would say the category offense is actually paying great dividends. Now around Running we are actually seeing, again, we didn't talk about Running this time and we see again, we feel great about the results where we are seeing a continued strong growth in both revenues and futures and it's really a case of the total offense that they are playing in which is both footwear and apparel across multiple geographies. Obviously it's been a key driver for North America for the period but we are actually seeing growth really across all the geographies going forward and we feel very confident about the innovation pipeline that we have coming in Running. So all those things said, again, we continue to feel really good about our position in Running and we see further opportunity to continue to grow in the marketplace, as we work specifically with our customers on giving new expressions to the Running business.
Don Blair: So just to hit a couple of high points here. We do sponsor the Ice Hockey Federations, and so you will see certainly Nike on the ice. We have certainly got some connections into the Action Sports piece. And as Trevor said, we have got some great connection points with our business in Russia, which has been a fantastic success story for us this year. Our business there is really growing very rapidly and the Olympics are a great ignition point for that marketplace.
Don Blair: The guidance that we gave is actually line-by-line, you have to look at all the lines. Revenue, we have seen fantastic momentum and so there is maybe a touch more optimism on the revenue line for the full year. We have also seen more optimism on the spending or on the gross margin side. Spending has re-phased over the course of the year, so when you look at the year holistically, we have got a lot of puts and takes on the lines but the underlying change really is that currency headwind. The impact in the first half was about 10 points of EPS growth. You didn't see all of that because of the way our SG&A phasing played out, but that is definitely what's really driving changes in the full year outlook is really the carryover of that from the first half.
Don Blair: It all depends on where it is around the world, so the major changes in currency are developing market currencies, which would be markets like Russia, Brazil, Mexico, some of the businesses where we have fairly businesses and those currencies have been hit pretty hard. That's not where a lot of our investment dollars go. Quite a bit of the investments we are making around DTC are in developed markets and a lot of investments that we make in innovation are actually right here in the U.S.
Trevor Edwards: Yes, on China, as we said in the prepared remarks, we feel really like we are making great progress around our reset strategy. We are obviously very encouraged by the results of our Q2, and we are seeing continued improvement in our key performance metrics. We kind of pointed out a couple of things. Obviously we talked about DTC -- the comp store is actually 20%, and we are seeing revenue and sell-through in our re-profiled doors outpacing the fleet averages. Then also, we are seeing an improvement in the inventory level that are in the marketplace. So all those things are really pointing in the right direction. However, one thing that we have said, I think pretty consistently, is that we won't expect it to be a linear path to growth, so when we talk about futures being 1%, we feel good about that because, again, we are continuing to get all the elements of the business back together. Now in terms of a specific time, we can't really say a specific time. What we can say is that we feel great about the long-term potential of the marketplace. We feel that we have a really strong brand, and we are continuing to position the brand in the right way and we are segmenting the market in the right way and the merchandising strategies we are doing are all working, so it's more a matter of time but I can't put out an exact moment and say its then but, again, we feel very confident about the future.
Trevor Edwards: I am not sure I want to address relative conversations we might have with our consumers, Robby, but I think the key aspect of what we are doing in China here is we are really focused on sustainable productive retail spaces and nothing succeeds like success. When these new concepts and these new merchandising assortments are selling the way they are then our partners are very, very eager to get on that path.
Trevor Edwards: Obviously, thanks for that question and I personally like the words about we make big moments even bigger. What we mean by that is it is our job as a brand and we have always seen at this way to continue to bring excitement to the marketplace to give consumers new opportunity to connect with our brand to bring innovative products into the marketplace and also to elevate how they connect at retail. So, we are very excited about the Winter Olympics as we are preparing for the games. We are still the sports brand of choice in Russia and in Eastern Europe and it's a great opportunity for us to continue to bring inspiration and innovation to the athletes as well as to broader consumers. So at this moment a lot of our focus is on just making sure we have the right products in the pipeline and we are pretty much lined up for that and we feel really good about lineup for Sochi. Interestingly as we mentioned too, we also have the World Cup coming up, which is a very big opportunity for us to bring even more greater innovation into the marketplace.
