Matt Friend: Sure, Kimberly, and thanks for the question. As I mentioned, our factories are back operational at this point in time, and I referenced an 80% number across footwear and apparel. It actually skews a little lower in footwear and a little higher in apparel. But as we watch employee attendance rates each week, we continue to grow increasingly confident in the guidance that we provided last quarter. So, last quarter, we said our factories would resume production on October 1, and we said it would take us several months to get back to weekly production capacity consistent with where we were prior to the factory closures. We’re on that plan. So, as we look at our guidance for the balance of the year, it reflects those continued assumptions. And relative to where we were 90 days ago, we’re increasingly confident that inventory supply will normalize and that we’ll be in a position to meet the incredible demand that we’re seeing across the marketplace.
Matt Friend: I might just add one small thing, which is we restarted brand activity, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And our demand creation investment was up 40% versus the prior year. And if you look at it on a dollar basis, it’s an even greater percentage versus what we invested in the first quarter. And so, we -- and we’re seeing a favorable consumer response. And we expect those investments to pay dividends as we look towards the future and continue to engage in locally relevant ways with consumers.
Matt Friend: We expect, as supply normalizes, to see sequential improvement versus the results that we delivered in the second quarter.
Matt Friend: Yes, Omar. I mean, the reality of the environment we’re working right now, we’re all navigating through together. It’s uncertain, it’s volatile. But, what I would say as it relates to our fiscal year guidance, the overwhelming impact that we updated everyone on last quarter was the impact of the supply reductions, the 130 million units and the impact that had on our fiscal year revenue outlook. I think, we’re better positioned than we’ve ever been, and we’re two-plus years into navigating through the challenges and the complexities of the volatility as it relates to the pandemic, focusing on what matters most, and our teams have done a tremendous job doing that. And so, we’re going to continue to watch it closely, like everyone is. But at this point in time, given where consumer demand is relative to marketplace supply, we feel like our forecast is or our guidance is reflective of what we see in the intermediate term.
Matt Friend: Yes, Bob, it’s a great question. To date, we have been delaying launches to synchronize them around the world. And as an example, in Greater China in the second quarter, SNKRS was down 50% versus the prior year, which had a big impact on that digital number. And that was because we didn’t have the available inventory supply across the rest of our geographies to be able to coordinate a launch. We’re evaluating that as we look forward because we want to do the right thing for the consumer in the right local marketplaces. But yes, we have been operating that way to date.
Matt Friend: And our teams are shifting to a seasonless approach as we navigate the inventory we have for the balance of the year in order to make sure that we can fulfill consumer demand with the supply we have versus delaying further.
Matt Friend: Sure, Laurent. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the biggest drivers of gross margin expansion this quarter, and frankly, the biggest driver relative to what we had guided 90 days ago was the level of full price realization and lower markdown rates versus what we had anticipated for a holiday season. And so, we were surprised by it. And it just is reflective of the strength of the brand and the connections that we’ve got with consumers. As we look to the balance of the year, we are expecting full-price realization to stay high and above, especially in North America and EMEA, that goal that we provided at Investor Day a couple of years ago, and we expect discount rates to remain low. The impact, as you look at sequential quarters is that we started to see improvements in markdown rates in the second half of last year in those two geographies in particular. And so, the year-over-year impact from tighter supply, higher full price realization, lower markdowns has a lesser of an impact in the second quarter. What I’d say longer term is we continue to evaluate full-price realization and the goals that we’ve set. And while we haven’t changed them, we are above in a couple of markets. As inventory supply normalizes, we would expect that to come back down to where our goals are at, but we’re also operating a far more agile operating model at this point in time and so -- led by NIKE Direct. And so, we’ll continue to evaluate it especially as it pertains to the long-term margin outlook we provided. We still are confident in that high 40s gross margin outlook through fiscal ‘25. But I think the effects that we’re seeing in this first year with tightened supply may just change the trajectory of how we get there.
Matt Friend: And in this fiscal year, we accelerated our investment against the brand to solidify that number 1 position and to continue to have deep connections with consumers. And despite the supply reduction, we remain committed to normalizing that investment because we’re focused on fiscal ‘25 and beyond and the opportunity that we see in front of us across the entire portfolio. And we’re leveraging our financial strength and our balance sheet to enable us to stay focused on the long term.
Matt Friend: Thanks for the question, Michael. The results this quarter in China were absolutely -- were overwhelmingly impacted by supply disruptions from Vietnam. And we’ve been -- we’ve talked about that both earlier today and last quarter. We also had to navigate through local measures that were put in place to reduce the spread of COVID. And what I mean by that is that 25% of our partner retail stores were impacted in the quarter in some way as a result of local mandates to affect operations, and 50% of our factory stores in Greater China were equal -- were similarly impacted. And so, that was -- those were clearly the two biggest drivers that impacted our performance this quarter. I mentioned SNKRS and the comparison challenges due to the delay of launch. But we’ve actually seen digital sequentially improving throughout the quarter. And so, we’re increasingly optimistic given our 11/11 performance in the way that we’re sequentially improving. And as supply normalizes, as I referenced, we expect to see sequential improvement from these 2Q results. And as we restart our marketing activity and drive those connections with consumers, some of these signals that we’re seeing, these encouraging signs that we see give us a lot of confidence that our trajectory is going to improve from this quarter.
John Donahoe: Yes. Thanks, Adrienne. I’m just going to repeat what I said last quarter and the quarter before, which is NIKE always has, and we always will, take a long-term view in China, right? We’ve been there for 40 years. Phil was in there very early. We have built up a very strong brand connection with the consumer in China. And we’re going to continue to invest to lead in China. And so, we’re investing behind the various things that brought us to where we are today. First and foremost, we have a great local team. Angela Dong and her team are helping us navigate and shepherd through the current environment. Product innovations, at the top of our list, the most innovative product in the world that we consistently produce increasingly tailored to the Chinese consumer through our Express Lane. And Matt talked a little bit about that, and that more and more of what we do in China is tailored to that China consumer. Same thing on storytelling. Storytelling that’s centered on local athletes and the local consumer. We mentioned the signing of the most recent Jordan sports marketing [Indiscernible] and the live streaming. We’re connecting with that local Chinese consumer on their terms. And then, we continue to be responsible citizens. We’ve always invested to grow sport in China. We are continuing to do that. We care and are investing behind sustainability. And so, the same fundamentals that have always been there, we believe, are the right fundamentals going forward. This quarter, as Matt said, the results were in line with what we expected, with all the supply shortages and other dimensions. And what I look at is when we are present and active with the consumer in China, how they’re responding. We saw some very encouraging things. We were very active around Singles’ Day, right? We mentioned 90 live streams in the month prior with over 70 million viewers. That led to 13 million new members. And NIKE, once again being number 1 on the Tmall during that period in China. And so, we’re focusing on the long term. We’re getting a little bit better each quarter, and we’re going to continue on that path, working closely with our team there.
John Donahoe: But, I got to just build on that and say while the launch is being delayed, our investment in innovation and commitment innovation has not been deteriorated or delayed at all. Matt and I were both we were over at innovation review in the LeBron James building, what was it, a couple of weeks ago, where Tom Clarke, John Hoke and their teams, Mike Splane, were going through remarkable pipeline of innovation. And again -- and innovation around platforms, around the NEXT% platform, around the FlyEase platform, around the Zoom platform. And so, the innovation pipeline we have coming in the coming months and years is very strong, and the commitment to innovation and the day in, day out relentless focus on a culture of innovation continues unabated. Again, to my prior answer, I just am so impressed with what our innovators, our designers, our product creators, our brand and storytellers have been able to do, even through this challenging circumstance.
John Donahoe: Sure, Matt. Let me just tell you the foundation with which I say it. Number one, our brand tracking tells us that our brand is still the number 1 cool and favorite brand in all 12 of our key cities around the world, and it’s strengthening, and strengthening against our historical competitors. In fact, the only people that are coming close are technology companies. And so, that continues to be one evidence. But I think even more fundamentally in longer term is the foundation of having a direct connection with the consumer. We are in an era where that is the liquid gold for any brand is to have a direct connection with the consumer so that you can understand that consumer, you can engage that consumer and then you can serve them in a personalized way. And if you have a leadership position, you have more information with which to do all that, more data, more information. And so, our digital penetration is at an all-time high. Matt mentioned it’s 25%. Our Direct Digital and mono brand penetration is at an all-time high that gives us that direct connection. And frankly, the partnerships like DICK’S allows us to have that direct connection, whether it’s direct, or with a wholesale partner, and that allows us to serve that consumer in a more personalized, engaging and sustainable way. And we believe that is going to be one of the key indicators of future success. And not every brand in our industry or other industries is to be able to have that direct connection with consumers. And so, that’s the best leading indicator. And that’s why we’re putting so much focus on our full consumer funnel, bringing new members into the top of the funnel, engaging the mid-funnel and then obviously, translating that into strong and deep relationships. And so, when you compare geographies, we’re in this weird period where you got sort of numerator-denominator issues, right? Obviously, North America results were really strong this quarter. We had the supply and our team did a great job executing. In EMEA, for instance, the digital results reflected last year when we were sort of liquidating a lot of inventory when COVID just occurred. But, I look at our full-price digital penetration, it was quite strong. So, the quarter-to-quarter growth rates get a little bit hard to interpret because of supply issues because of the previous years, we’re lapping store closures or -- but I would say we feel very good and very confident about being stronger in each of our regions.
