Mark Parker: Sure. I’ll start on North America apparel. We continue – you asked about women’s in particular, we continue to grow the women’s apparel business in North America. It’s in fact growing at a very strong rate. At the same time we see great opportunity ahead, even greater than we’ve capitalized on to date. Overall, in terms of apparel growth, we’re really pleased with the growth. The number in Q1 does compare unfavorably to some prior year comps. As you may recall last year in Q1, apparel in North America grew 8% and that was in part impacted by the jersey business relative to the NBA. As you may recall, LeBron changed teams last year and that had some impact. We also were seeing this year back-to-school extend a bit out of Q1 and into our Q2. So in short we see really strong demand for our apparel in North America. We’ve had a little bit of pressure on supply but you’re going to see the rates of growth in North America apparel accelerate over the balance of the year. And then you asked about inventory. I guess I’ll take that one too. Inventory as we spoke about was up 12% versus prior year. That was primarily driven by strong consumer demand. A majority of our inventories in new seasonal product, some of which is in transit to the marketplace and we’ll sell in to the marketplace and sell through over the quarter and into Q3. There was also a little bit of an impact from foreign exchange in that inventory number. So if you look at it on a unit basis, our unit inventory growth is really well aligned with our forward-looking unit growth. And kind of combining those two themes, one, the fact that it’s largely seasonal inventory and, two, that the overall unit numbers are aligned with what you’re seeing and you would expect and hope to see is that our closeout mix is low and it is in fact very low. So our inventory is very healthy in our geographies. There are a couple of other dynamics that are probably worth calling out. One, again, is this extended back-to-school season. So you see some of that inventory now selling through as back-to-school extended into September, which is in our Q2. And then we also have been building inventory in anticipation of Singles’ Day on 11.11 in China. So the punch line is we feel great about the inventory that we have on hand and it’s reflective of the strong demand for the brand.
Mark Parker: Hi, Jamie. I’ll take the first question relative to North America. As you may recall from our call 90 days ago, we highlighted that we were going to have some year-over-year comparison dynamics in North America. So I’d start by saying we’re right on plan in North America. We’re really pleased with the growth that we’re seeing in that geography. We still see that geography as sustaining strong healthy mid-single digit growth. You’ll see slightly higher growth rates in North America over the balance of the year than what we delivered in Q1 and of course remember not all percents are created equal. A point or two of growth in North America is a pretty significant impact. And then again I think I touched on this a little bit with respect to Bob’s question. The growth in Q1 was slightly impacted again by some year-over-year comparisons not just in the jersey business but also the timing of innovation launches in footwear and then again with that kind of extended back-to-school season spanning over Q1 and into our Q2, which begins in September. So again, we see tremendous momentum in North America. You also asked about the distinction between NIKE direct differentiated consumer experiences and undifferentiated consumer experiences. That is really a tale of two cities. We are seeing strong in fact accelerating growth in NIKE digital. We’re seeing high-single digit growth in differentiated retail with our strategic partners. And we’re seeing an expected in fact somewhat intentional and deliberate decline in undifferentiated retail and the drivers of that are how we allocate product and where we put our retail investment dollars. So we would expect that trend to continue in the short term. Of course, long term our goal is we have reshaped this marketplace to one in which we’re connecting much more directly with NIKE consumers and members through NIKE direct in our strategic wholesale partners. So again, we’re on plan in North America. The brand’s extremely strong and really excited about the opportunities ahead including in those areas we consistently touched on; digital, women’s, core footwear below $100 which is touched on in apparel.
Mark Parker: Sure. Thanks, Paul. I will first walk you through some of the impacts or drivers as you said in terms of the spread versus our guidance. So as compared to the expectations we said 90 days ago, 150 basis points significantly exceeded those. I’d say, first, I would touch on higher growth and favorable mix in our international geographies; second, higher growth in our NIKE direct business and again both of those are I would say over-indexing growth versus the plan we had 90 days ago, so strong momentum in those dimensions of our business versus plan. And again, our international geographies are higher margin geographies than North America and our NIKE direct business is a higher margin business than the wholesale business. You asked about lower than expected markdowns in our factory store business, I’d say that was most pronounced in Europe. In Europe, we’ve really just had extraordinary separation. You’ve seen strong double-digit currency neutral growth in Europe for quite some time. We’re taking share and our brand’s just incredibly strong in all of our key cities in Europe. So frankly our markdowns were much lower than we had planned there and in some other areas of our business. Not only we planned for the quarter but then you’d expect in a typical quarter. You also asked about the impact of tariffs. Tariffs will impact Q2 through Q4. Now again, we guided to slightly improved overall gross margin even taking into account those tariffs, but the impact is more pronounced in Q2. As you know they were announced in August and implemented on September 1. That doesn’t give us much time to manage any of the levers within our overall portfolio. As we look out to the balance of the year, there are a lot of levers within our portfolio. We’ve managed them over time. We’re a big proponent of free and fair trade and that’s because tariffs have always been part of the financial equation in NIKE, so with a little bit of time we have a lot of levers we can work with from sourcing to other levers. So the impact of tariffs is most significant in Q2. And then as you likely inferred from our guidance, we expect slightly greater gross margin expansion in Q3 and Q4 as compared to Q2.
Mark Parker: Yes, absolutely. The excitement meter is very high over this next year. We sort of look at the Summer Olympics as term papers due and so we’re – this is the time when we bring our best work not only from a brand standpoint but certainly from a product standpoint. And in this case both performance-based innovation that actually leverages into sport style or sportswear, so we feel like the portfolio of innovation or the pipeline of innovation is more complete. I always talk about the complete offense and that’s how we line up innovation is against our complete offense. You mentioned women’s. I would include core in that, more accessibly priced innovation coming particularly in the spring/summer seasons. We’ve got incredible again sportswear. We’ve good performance up in here for a long time at NIKE and some of the most incredible breakthroughs in performance coming for the Tokyo Olympics building on some of the great platforms that we’ve learned how to leverage more completely. That includes the cadence of the innovations, how we manage the lifecycle of innovations and how we again leverage that across multiple categories both in performance and sportswear. So incredibly high level of excitement. I would add we’ve talked about adapt. It’s still in the early stages. NIKE Fit will include both the powered adaptive systems as well as non-powered hands free systems and that’s incredibly exciting as we bring innovation to more – make innovation more accessible to more people. Women’s of course will continue to be a high priority. We’re shifting resources to amp up our innovation agenda there, feel really good both footwear and apparel. Kids I mentioned is an incredible category to leverage the innovation that we have more completely across the portfolio, so that’s a major source for us for growth as well. So I think the opportunities ahead are as bright as I’ve ever seen them, so very bullish.
Mark Parker: I think we’re actually a lot smarter about how we – not only where we invest in terms of new product innovation but as I said we better leverage that innovation across multiple categories and then up and down the price point spectrum across genders. Again, I was fixated on complete offense and it’s one of those areas where you go no matter how well we’re doing across all those dimensions, we see more opportunity areas where we have – we are underpenetrated where we have what we call outsized opportunities. We’ve talked about apparel. We’ve talked about women’s, digital, international as examples. But even in our foundational business I think we’ve got tremendous upside ahead in terms of core. Striking that right balance across the complete portfolio or the complete offense as we call it is never ending challenge for us or opportunity, let me put it that way. So the innovation that we’re putting out there I think we’re just getting better at how we’re leveraging that across the entire offense. And I feel like this has always been a competitive advantage for NIKE as the source of brand energy but also tremendous growth for us and I’ve never seen or been at NIKE during a period where there’s such robust and strong innovation that’s relevant to consumers across the portfolio. That said, I’d be the first one as people here at NIKE would tell you to say that we have a lot more opportunity. So the challenge or the opportunity is to focus on the things that matter the most. We have unlimited opportunities. The fixation or the focus on the things that are really going to drive the needle from a consumer standpoint that are really going to be relevant and ultimately drive growth is what creates success.
Mark Parker: Yes, I want to put an exclamation point on that. The digital capabilities that we’re creating and investing in are really going to make us a better innovation company understanding the consumer, serving the consumer, leveraging the innovation that we invest in, it’s all making us better. I see so much more opportunity from advancing our digital capabilities going forward. Okay. Operator, maybe we have time for one more call.
Mark Parker: We’re hopeful that those are more transient impacts. And that as we go forward and we get more certainty with respect to trade and some resolution that maybe we see things turn from a headwind into a tailwind. Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thank you everybody. Thank you for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Take care. Bye-bye.
Andy Campion: Let me touch on the second question you had on the digital partnerships. Obviously, digital growth is driving much of NIKE’s overall growth and that’s importantly obviously for direct but also the digital base business with our partners both wholesalers who are expanding their growth through the digital channel as well as digital platforms. We don’t have anything new to update you on in terms of Amazon. So far the work with Amazon, the relationship has gone well. The business is performing well that is, so nothing new to report there. We continue to sort of analyze that relationship and the other opportunities we have from a platform partnership standpoint. It’s really critical that our platform partners are actually serving our members or serving our consumers at the highest level possible so that means sort of seamless interaction, frictionless experiences in terms of commerce, looking at an environment where they know that they’re buying authentic NIKE products and ultimately just to better know and serve our consumers. So those are things that we expect from our digital platform partners. We feel really good about our partners in Europe and in China and then also growing through the digital channels here in the United States with partners like Instagram through social media, just getting on Jet so there’s lots of opportunity ahead there. So this will be an important part of our growth going forward. And I should mention – I failed to mention one of our biggest most successful partners here is in China and that’s Tmall. So tremendous relationship there, continues to add energy to the brand as well as help to drive our business in China.
Andy Campion: Yes, Omar, we at our Investor Day a couple of years ago talked about our business being 30% or greater digital, owned and partnered over the next five years. That’s a global measure of success, but I would say North America is in that same range in terms of the [indiscernible]. So we see digital alone not necessarily all of NIKE direct, but digital alone being in that range. And as we’ve discussed we see that continuing to build beyond that and potentially accelerating towards that date based on the incredible momentum that we’ve had. As I noted, that was an accelerated level of growth in NIKE digital in Q1. So much like we discussed at our Investor Day two years ago, our view is that over the next five years, sustainable profitable growth in North America would equate to a mid-single digit range of growth. But what we’re really excited about is we think the next five years in North America is building the platform for the long term future. North America is the marketplace where the most reshaping and transformation is required and frankly is underway.
Andy Campion: And Omar I’d just add maybe from a framework perspective or framing of how you might think about it, our key categories in our 12 key cities and our 10 key countries are really the where in terms of growth opportunity is for NIKE. The consumer direct offense is the how and it applies to all of those categories, all those cities and all those countries and that’s about doubling the cadence and impact of innovation, being faster to market so that’s 2x speed and then being more directly connected to consumers. And there isn’t any dimension of our offense, the complete offense that Mark refers to, that isn’t [indiscernible] can be positively impacted by those strategic principles. And then of course the overarching or maybe you’d say underlying fuel is this digital transformation of NIKE, it’s impacting everything we do from how we create product to how we assess demand and plan supply all the way through to consumer services through the NIKE app that are now not just in our digital offerings but in our retail stores and increasingly in our partner doors. So it’s really a strategy the consumer racked off in the sense of that, impacting every dimension of the portfolio.
Andy Campion: The short answer is no. I think many of the drivers you mentioned and some others are long-term drivers of expansion in margin. NIKE direct is a significantly higher margin business than the wholesale business and as we just touched on as part of Omar’s question, we see digital and direct being increasingly larger part of our business long term. The price value equation is also an opportunity to expand margin. And as Mark just touched on, we’ve never been more excited about the innovation pipeline we’re bringing to market and that means bringing tangible value to the consumer. In your own question you touched on a huge opportunity. At our Investor Day we talked about the potentially significant impact from having a greater mix of full-price sell through and lower markdowns and closeout, and Celect is just spot on in terms of the capabilities that we had planned to build organically but are now able to start leveraging, thanks to this acquisition and drive that. If I was to tell you the one thing that we’re not as pleased about are the FX headwinds that have impacted us. As I touched on, on the call over the last four years we’ve had about $3 billion headwind on revenue and $1.5 billion more headwind on profitability. Of course, if we could add this back we would. That would be a pretty significant expansion in our operating margin that’s more reflective of what we’re doing from an operating perspective. But again, the short answer is yes. We see some pretty systemic drivers of gross margin expansion over the short, medium and long term.
Andy Campion: Yes, the way I would think about FX in fiscal year '20 is we came into the year expecting FX to be sort of neutral to slightly favorable. It’s now a net negative from an EBIT perspective. Again that’s in the context of our slightly improved guidance, so we are thrilled that our operational performance just continues to be so strong that it’s offsetting that. Over the balance of the year one thing to keep in mind is it’s somewhat difficult to predict – not to predict but to model the impact of FX. You have very volatile actual spot rates. Certainly the Renminbi is at the top of the list in that regard of late. The timing of our hedges over the course of the year as well as the timing which is kind of backward looking timing aspect in terms of when we lock in product costs. So I think that the easiest way for me to say it is, FX will be about 3 points negative headwind on revenue as I spoke about in my guidance. It will be a slightly negative impact on margin over the course of the full fiscal year and it’s now shifted to a slightly negative impact from an EBIT perspective.
