Donald W. Blair: Well first of all, I have to start by saying that on a business where we're operating in almost 200 countries and across all the different styles and product types, 50 basis points is kind of in the margin of error. But bottom line was, we had pretty strong performance from the price increases we've taken over the last few seasons, and as I indicated, the combination of that and easing raw material costs is now offsetting some ongoing inflation in labor. We were only slightly down year-on-year, and a lot of that has to do with mix changes and currency. So bottom line is, we feel great about the trendline we're on in gross margin, I think its playing out as we expected it to. Our ability to forecast this thing with all the moving parts we have, I think this is pretty good shooting. And as you know, we don't manage one line out of the P&L. We manage the whole thing. So we're pretty pleased at how the second quarter came out.
Donald W. Blair: Well, I think, trying to do this from a modeling standpoint is not exactly how we think about this. I mean, what we do is, we're focused on the key drivers that differentiate our product and our brand in the marketplace. A great example of that is the innovation that we bring into the marketplace. That is one of the things that lets you move your margins up because you've got premium differentiated product that the consumer's looking for and not everybody else has it. So our approach to growing margins has been focused on those basic fundamental levers of moving margins higher. We're confident we can continue to do that over the long period of time. Trying to pick a date or a destination point, given all the volatility there is in the world, is not something that we try to do.
Donald W. Blair: Well the futures are more frontloaded, and as I talked about in the guidance section, we are overlapping last year's fourth quarter with quite a bit of Euro Champs and Olympics business in there. So we've got stronger growth in the front part of the window. With respect to pricing, one of the things we also spoke to is that we do believe that we think there's price opportunity out there on a season-by-season basis. We do not expect to be doing this across the board. Across the majority of the line, we think it's really more of a customer value equation assessment, where style by style, we're looking at the pricing. And particularly behind innovation, we think there's opportunity to move price up. But I don't think you're going to see the kinds of broad pricing actions going forward that you saw from us 1.5 years ago.
Donald W. Blair: That's constant. And we gave guidance for the fourth quarter of mid-single digit, and for both of them, the difference between constant and reported, we think will be about down 1 percentage point versus the constant currency numbers, consistent with our futures.
Donald W. Blair: Just to answer the second part of your question, on the financials, just want to make sure, I make 2 points, one is, this is an upper technology. We are really bullish on what the potential is here. At this point, it is half the shoe, if you will. And so we're working on putting all of the pieces together. So I want to put that in that context. The second thing is that, the trendline we've seen consistently as we launch new technologies is that, we launch them, and then we work our way down the cost curve. So our products tend to get more profitable the longer we work with that particular technology, and we believe Flyknit will certainly be consistent with that.
Donald W. Blair: Well, I think the best thing to do, Sam, is just go back to the guidance we gave around SG&A growth. I think that's the best way to model it.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I think, Kate, it's early in the game as we stated in the remarks. We feel really good about what we're doing and how we're doing it. We're seeing great results in the specific locations that we've started to move forward to. So I think as we scale it, where you start to see the impact, it's hard for me to pick a quarter or a date, I would expect to see an increasing level of performance on a broader basis as we move down, quarter-to-quarter. So the goal obviously here is to be decisive and move quickly as we can. We've talked about that, the last 2 calls. I think some of the actions that we took over the last 90 days lead me to believe that we're moving both at an increased pace and in the right direction. The sooner we can get towards this market differentiation, consumer differentiation in the marketplace, the better off we're going to be, and we're taking early, small steps, but you can expect that to accelerate as we move forward.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I'll add 2 points, Kate, because China's obviously a big topic of conversation. One is, the emphasis on working with the space that we have and making that space better, more productive and more profitable, and we think, probably a little bit bigger on a per location basis to storytell the way we do, so we're very good -- we're excited about that. And the other one is, focusing on the high end, the premium positioning of the brand. And we're going to continue to do that as we move forward as well.
Charles D. Denson: Hi, Omar, this is Charlie. Hey, I'm going to take that, actually from a couple of different angles and give you some examples. First of all, the performance side of the business is very strong, and we're seeing some really great sell-throughs at retail on some of the new marquee product. And so that always makes us feel good. We always feel like we're headed in the right direction with that premium product. I think the other things that are starting to -- that you're starting to see is, a, a little bit more interest in basketball in Europe, we're excited about that, and that is coming at both the performance level, as well as an influence in sportswear. You're starting to see -- the basketball silhouettes outside the United States is becoming a little stronger. We're seeing styles like the Blazer in Western Europe becoming a very, very big franchise business for us, from a silhouette standpoint, and it's even creeping into the Women's business, whereas the Dunk Too High [ph] is a new shoe on the Women's side that is becoming, quite frankly, becoming a bit of a phenomena around the world. And s, we're very excited to see the influence of basketball becoming more influential around the world, both on the performance side as well as the sportswear side. So it's -- with our position in basketball, it bodes well for us over the near and mid-term.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, I think, well -- one of the things, and we've talked about this in previous calls, the majority of our inventory issue in China is built -- basically built around a lot of the apparel product. And one of the things that we felt pretty strongly about was some of the fit opportunities we had in the marketplace. For holiday, and I alluded to that in the commentary, we started to move some of that new fit product into the market. It does not, by any means, represent even anywhere close to 100% that's in the market today, but it is very quickly becoming a higher percentage of the line as we move into spring, and then on into summer. The response that we're seeing there, both from a, obviously a sell-through standpoint, and the way we've been a little bit more focused around the Chinese consumer silhouette-wise, that new product is moving through the marketplace at a very nice pace. And we're very, very comfortable with it, and quite frankly, happy with it. We've got to get more and more of that part of the apparel line into the marketplace, which the plan is to do as we move forward into spring and summer.
Charles D. Denson: Yes, this is Charlie. Well, I'm going to -- I guess, if I understand your question, one of the things that obviously we can do is more of them here in the U.S. Now we used those examples because most of the group is most familiar with those examples here in the US. We actually have a lot of that type of activity going on in other markets around the world. We have some great soccer or football spaces in Europe that are performing extremely well, and we're very excited about scaling those, along with the examples that we've given you in the U.S. The other thing that it provides us is great learnings that we take to a market like China or Korea in a mono brand space, where we can really take the category offense and use the amplified execution in performance, Training and sportswear, to really bring productivity and profitability to the mono brand spaces that we have in marketplaces like that. And so, some of the references that we've made in China some of the things we're starting to do in places like Shanghai, is starting to bring some of that category focus into these spaces that -- and we're seeing a lift, both from a consumer response standpoint, and obviously from a productivity and profitability standpoint.
Charles D. Denson: You've gotten -- you've probably got Mark right up to as far -- close to the edge as you're going to get him. But if he's a self-professed product geek, I guess, I'm known as one of the more commercial-minded guys around here. But I think that I would only echo all of the commentary in the sense that, I think we've both been around here a long time. We've seen a lot of innovation come and go through this place, and I think Flyknit represents one of those bigger opportunities that we all get so excited about. So, and one thing that I think we've overemphasized too, is that we feel that strongly about it, we're going to manage it, and we're going to ramp it at appropriate level, both the way it ramps commercially and the way that you'd see it transform the way that footwear is used by the athlete. So it's exciting times.
Mark G. Parker: And Kate, one other thing, too, that I want to highlight about Charlie's remarks, one of the reasons why we talked about some of the underlying productivity metrics in the marketplace is that as we really differentiate the marketplace and build that platform for long-term growth, you won't necessarily see it in the headline numbers over the next few quarters. As Charlie said, we expect that to get better, but one of the things we're really focused on, is those underlying productivity metrics that are telling us that we're getting it right in the marketplace with the consumer, and that's why we're giving you that level of visibility.
Mark G. Parker: Yes, this is Mark, speaking. It's all interrelated to your comment. Both the commerce side, the communications piece, the social networking that, we have a 2-way dialogue with the consumer. We enabled consumers to talk to each other. We are strengthening the relationship we have with the consumer. Certainty, just through our communications, but also through the commerce side of things. And then, of course, the product and the services piece, which is in its infancy stages right now. But we expect big things out of that piece of our business. But the point is, this is all interrelated. And this is exactly how we're managing this part of our business. We have groups that are highly focused on each of these segments, but we also work this as a unified portfolio. And we see this is really the way that we're going to increase the power of the connection with the consumer, and then, to your point on the e-commerce piece is, we're going to drive a huge commercial opportunity in, yes, I think an underpenetrated channel for NIKE. But it's a real holistic view of the digital world and how it applies to NIKE and the massive potential that represents. These aren't separate silos. These are interrelated, and again, that's exactly how we're managing it.
Mark G. Parker: Yes, this is Mark. I'm going to jump in on that. The Flyknit as you said, we're quite bullish on that opportunity. I think it's going to take a little while, meaning 12-plus months or so to really get this to a meaningful scale in terms of some of those numbers that are going to have a more dramatic impact on the units and the overall margin numbers. We are very bullish on -- of scaling the manufacturing capability, the capacity. There is obviously, from our vantage point, a huge consumer appetite for this product, so we're balancing the aggressiveness to close that gap and meet that demand, and make sure that we're not getting out ahead of ourselves. So we don't -- we're not creating excess demand that we can't meet in the marketplace. So I think it's going to take -- it's going to ramp up consistently and aggressively over the next 12 months and beyond. And I think you'll continue to see this become frankly, a bigger and bigger percentage of our total footwear focus. And it'll expand, I think dramatically from a category basis as well. Many of our innovations really start in Running. And then they move and are leveraged into other categories. And Flyknit is certainly no exception. Some of the most dramatic and innovative and exciting product that I've seen behind the door there, that I can't really get into with you all right now, is in this Flyknit area and across some of the other categories. So it's a huge part of our future, and I think from a units and a margin standpoint, you'll see that continue to get bigger and bigger.
Mark G. Parker: I'll talk -- this is Mark, again. I'll talk a little bit about that, but not too much, for hopefully obvious reasons. Let me say I am incredibly bullish, I mean, I'm a product -- self-admitted product geek here, and very important, not only to me, but this company, it's the basis of our success. So we're very discriminating on new technologies like Flyknit. And feel this is one of those technologies that has incredibly massive potential, let me put it that way. Not only within Running, as I said before, but across multiple categories. What form that takes, you'll see. I mean, that's all I can say. It'll-- you can't judge the applicability of Flyknit based on the products that you've seen to date. This technology has tremendous potential, tremendous possibilities, and as I said, some of the most exciting product we have in the pipeline is involving the use of Flyknit technology. And as Charlie mentioned in his note, the impact on performance, on the aesthetic, on sustainability, all these factors are tremendous. And again, well beyond Running.
