John Donahoe: Great, Bob. Well, as I said in my remarks, we cannot underestimate the - understate, really, that the impact of having our teams back together in person over the past 15 months, and we absolutely see that kicking into gear with our product pipeline. And so this past quarter, you heard a couple of great examples of performance innovation around Phantom Luna, our World Cup kits, the Infinity 4, which had one of our latest foam platforms, React X foam, highest energy return and lowest carbon footprint, that will sustain for many quarters and years And over the next six to nine months into the Paris Olympics and default, there are several areas we're very excited about. Matt and I both talked about basketball, I don't think we've ever had a stronger portfolio of basketball shoes, whether it's the Sabrina 1, the LeBron 21, Book 1. Jordan has Tatum, Luka, Zion and a great Game Shoe coming. And then, of course, we have Kobe. So we see real growth, growing our basketball business and growing the game and market of basketball on and off the court. In running, we feel good about the Invincible 3 and Infinity 4, Vomero 5, OPeg 41, we feel very good about coming into Paris as well as the Motiva, which we think have real legs. And then Air. Air is an are putting a huge amount of focus, and we're very excited about the innovations coming in Air, both performance and lifestyle. And so we have the tenth anniversary of Air Max Day in the spring as we move into the Paris Olympics. Air will be an important opportunity both in performance and in lifestyle. So we see several opportunities to build real scalable innovation and growth.
John Donahoe: And Adrienne, in China, it's interesting. I've been to China twice now in the past four months. And I think, Matt, you were there in August. And I - we feel good about the market there and our position. Frankly, a couple of things stand out. One sport is back in China. You can just feel it. And that gives us great confidence about the future and the Chinese consumer in our segment regardless of the macroeconomic outlook there. And you saw we had double-digit - strong double-digit growth in Q1 and Q2, and we're helping to really drive momentum in Sport there. I talked about Sportchella. I think Matt mentioned the back-to-school kids race. Giannis, it is a tour there this summer that got a huge response outdoor basketball. So we're doing what we do best, which is driving energy and excitement around sport, which then translates into our brand connection and our consumer connection being as strong as it's been in a long time. And as I said, it's perhaps the best example currently where we bring this great innovation with distinctive storytelling with distinctive marketplace reaction. And so even in a promotional period, our full price sell-through and our innovations are connecting well and doing well. And so we got inventory in shape much sooner than the market in China. And so we're playing on the offense. We're playing on our front foot. And we feel good about the opportunities in China in the coming quarters and into the medium to long term.
John Donahoe: Yes, Alex. As I said, we - we're at best when we align innovative product with distinctive storytelling through a differentiator marketplace. And in running, we have three different categories and running. In racing, we take our performance innovation, which sets the bar in the industry with the Alphafly, the Vaporfly and NEXT%. We have compelling breakthrough storytelling, whether it's breaking to or we reached that elite runner and we reached them through a differentiated marketplace. And so we're doing well there. In trail running, which is the fastest-growing segment, the Peg trail is doing very well. We feel really good about our innovation pipeline and we're increasingly leaning in to the trail running community and to marketplace connection with that trail runner. And then the area that we talked about road running or what we call road running or everyday running, we're very clear we're prioritizing the everyday runner who wants newness and consistency and we're focusing, therefore, on some key models and ensuring that we get in the path of runners. So in terms of innovation, as I mentioned in my remarks, we've had some very good innovation in the last couple of years. The Invincible took some of the performance benefits from our road racing shoes, particularly ZoomX and brought them into an everyday running shoe along with some great cushioning. So good innovation. Similarly, the Infinity 4 brought the React X foam platform, which has got some real characteristics of low-carbon footprint, better high energy, but we're not yet combining those innovations with getting in the path of the everyday runner with a really strong ground game. And so that's what we're focused on. And that starts with distribution, making sure we're breaking through everyday runners shops. So whether that's our own direct channels, wholesale channels, running specialty doors play a really important role. You may have noted we launched the React 4 in partnership with running specialty doors. So that's a step in the right direction, and we're really working to break through in these channels. And then we're working hard to better connect with runners in their community where they are, where it's driving connections through Nike Run Club and our mobile apps being present in marathons and races and just being where runners are. And so in this case, we know what we need to do. We are focused on it, and we are moving with urgency to deliver.
John Donahoe: Actually, Matt, why don't you take the first part of that and close in on demand, and I'll take the second.
John Donahoe: And Matt, if we just extend out as you asked a little bit longer term, we step back, we still see the same fundamentals, which are some structural tailwinds in our industry, right? The definition of sport is expanding. And so with the movement towards health and wellness and fitness and new big areas of movement like dance, one of my favorite. We've had a lot of interaction with breakdancing in the last three months here on campus seeing some of the elite breakdancers who will compete in the Paris Olympics come in. But dance, throughout Asia and other places is a huge market. So we just see an expanding definition of sport where movement has become sport and we're at center of that. The movement towards athleisure, right, there doesn't need to be a trade-off between what you wear on the pitch and at work between comfort and performance and style. Athleisure combines all of those, and we are very well positioned to continue to drive that trend. And then the digital connection of consumers means that sport, whether they're watching it or commerce is always one click away. And our leading portfolio of digital assets gives us a huge advantage there. So those are some structural tailwinds. And then we just do - we're in a great industry with those tailwinds. We've got to do what we do so well, innovation plus great storytelling plus great marketplace, we believe will drive real strong growth, and we see great growth in women's. Jordan, we think, has extraordinary growth. Running, we think we have great growth. Continuing to expand the market in basketball, global football. And as Matt mentioned, this driving performance and then into lifestyle is something that makes our industry, our business and our future quite attractive.
John Donahoe: Matt, I'll take the first part, maybe take the second. So Aneesha, again, our entire marketplace strategy is driven by giving consumers what they want, when they want it, how they want it. That starts with our digital properties, our own direct retail, which Matt will talk about in the second part of the answer, but wholesale plays a really important role for us to get the breadth and depth of access to consumers and consumers access to our products. And so as you know, we've really sharpened our wholesale focus over the last few years to focus on fewer multi-brand partners that where we're investing in elevated retail experiences and connected digital membership at scale. And so that's DSG, JD, Zalando, our partners in China. We've got a great launch with Pro Direct, Hibbett will come online with connected membership in October. And so we think there's a lot of growth opportunity with those strategic wholesale partners. We're also putting increased attention on our neighborhood partners who are authenticators. They help authenticate both sport and lifestyle and drive energy and local connections. And then as we said, where we see gaps, whether it's in a price point or a gap in a product segment will selectively add wholesale partners in different geographies and in different segments. And this will be a dynamic thing. I mean we're led by the consumer. We have the blessing of the strongest direct connections in the industry. And with direct connected membership, we can be indifferent about which channel And Matt, you're going to talk a little bit about, I guess, the margins are direct, but the Nike Rise our direct monobrand doors Nike Rise and our well collected doors are doing quite well, and we feel like we're getting our concept right now that we have seasonal right assortments coming into them. We feel very good about our ability to augment where their gaps as well with our own mono-brand doors, also a House of Flight on Jordan. So we feel good about being on the front foot with our marketplace. I think the most wide and connected marketplace offense in the industry.
Matt Friend: All right. Well, John, why don't I start on marketplace. So Adrienne, when we look at our performance this quarter, I'd be remiss to not just reiterate what I said on the call, which is we saw very strong retail sales in the marketplace up mid-single digits. And in particular, we're very pleased with the performance across a range of our most important wholesale partners, delivering growth high single digit to low double digit. What I said last quarter in terms of the way that I was thinking about channel growth for this year, I said that NIKE Direct would lead our growth. And it did this quarter, and we do expect NIKE Direct to continue to lead our growth throughout the remainder of this fiscal year. The period that we're heading into in Q2 and Q3 is really the higher levels of sell-in that we did last year as we proactively focused on returning our marketplace to a more healthy level. As an example, you might recall our Q2 wholesale revenue last year was up 30% versus the prior year. And so as we face those comparisons, we do expect that NIKE Direct will be the best indication of the growth that we're driving in the marketplace, while we comp those nonlinear comparisons in the prior year. But we feel very good about the health and the shape of our overall marketplace, including in North America. And we're continuing to focus on driving growth across dimensions, across channels, up and down price points and are very focused on building a product pipeline to enable us to do that over the coming years.
Matt Friend: Yes. And I would just say that I think that the retail sales growth that we referenced in our two biggest wholesale partners is a great indication of the health of our inventory and our ability, especially in this first quarter to flow a complete assortment and season into our retail stores in the marketplace. And that's NIKE at best. Our most premium elevated retail experiences, high levels of seasonal assortments where we can tell stories and really bring the breadth and the dimension to consumers. And we saw that momentum building throughout the quarter. So we feel really good about the decision we made to move fast. And even though the marketplace is promotional, we're on our front feet in terms of the way we're able to present our brand and our stories and our products to consumers in that market right now.
Matt Friend: There's also a meaningful opportunity as running influences, lifestyle and sneakers. And as we've had tremendous success from a Classics perspective over the last couple of years, we have a rich heritage of products in our pipeline related to running for decades. And so one of the things that we're also doing is accelerating our opportunity in running lifestyle with some of our best franchises and capturing on that trend and also the consumer shift to modern comfort. And we feel like that one, two punch, as John mentioned, innovation, performance and lifestyle is really going to position us well to take greater to greater - take a greater attack at the running marketplace holistically.
Matt Friend: Sure. Well, Matt, as I referenced, we saw mid-single-digit retail sales growth this quarter. And this quarter, we have a unique dynamic because we saw a difference in what we're reporting or what we're communicating from a retail sales perspective versus where NIKE's reported revenue is, and that's because of the restriction of sell-in that we put into place the last couple of quarters of last year. We do expect that to continue as we go into the second quarter. And so we are planning for retail sales growth to be in line with what we delivered this quarter from a mid-single-digit perspective. When we look at the big consumer moments this quarter, 618 seems like so long ago at this point in time, but 618 in Greater China, we were the number 1 sports brand on Tmall and saw impressive double-digit growth over that time horizon. And within back-to-school, we outperformed the industry. And when you look at our performance over the quarter, we saw momentum building throughout the quarter, heading into back-to-school. And so we were encouraged by what we were seeing from a consumer perspective. I mentioned that we saw high single digit to low double-digit growth in our most important partners and strong growth in NIKE Direct this quarter given what we're anniversarying in the prior year. So we continue to see consumer demand for our brands and for our products to be very, very strong. Sport is growing and the consumer is proving to be resilient. There are some dynamics in terms of shifting that's happening from channels. We saw it in our partners a couple of years ago. And this quarter, we are seeing consumers spending more time in brick-and-mortar locations. But 90% of their shopping journeys are starting with digital. And so we continue to believe that our digital and physical strategy of serving consumers at the right strategy to serve demand as we look forward.
Matt Friend: Sure, Jay. Well, we remain confident in our ability to drive our long-term financial goals. And we still believe those long-term goals of profitability are achievable. But the timing is difficult to predict. But the reason why I emphasized what I emphasized this quarter is that I feel - I really feel strongly that fiscal year '24 is a turning point for us and a proof point for NIKE to drive more profitable growth. The structural things that I referenced, the structural drivers, I should say that I referenced, it starts with creating value for the consumer and our products. And we continue to see benefits in our gross margin through strategic pricing and managing the price value of our products with ASPs across the NIKE brand across all geos up this quarter. One of the opportunities we continue to see, and we saw some benefit of it this quarter is lowering our supply chain costs. We've increased the size of our supply chain in the last few years to be able to address the growth that we've seen in our business, both overall and in digital. And now our teams are very focused on driving greater efficiency in the way that we serve consumer demand across channels. And I mentioned a couple of examples like reducing digital split shipments so that a consumer doesn't get two boxes for the same order, the way that we're lowering our outbound fulfillment costs through the investment in regional service centers that are closer to where consumer demand is. And so those are just a couple of examples that we continue to see. And then, of course, we do expect that while the ultimate landing spot of digital and direct isn't as clear, we do believe we're going to be a more direct at a more digital company and a more profitable company. And there's a channel mix and channel profitability opportunity that comes with that as well. So we continue to believe these goals are achievable. And based on our gross margin plans for this year, our performance in the first quarter, we believe we're turning the corner on starting to climb to greater profitability as a company and as a brand.
Matt Friend: Sure. Well, as it relates to the second quarter, what I said was that we expect our growth to be up slightly versus the prior year. I did answer Matt's question just and I'll connect the two together, but we are expecting retail sales to sell out to the consumer to be in line with the mid-single digit that we delivered this quarter across the full marketplace. And the second quarter is really the last season that we've managed the sell-in to a more restricted level so that we could ensure that the marketplace was set right as we look towards the remainder of this year. As far as the comparisons go, Q2, and I think I referenced the wholesale number earlier, but we're comping about 27% currency-neutral growth in Q2, but what we're much more focused on is the quality and the health of the growth that we're delivering in the quarter. And so as you see our gross margins expanding in the second quarter on an operational basis, excluding the impact of FX, we're up 150 basis points and are really encouraged as we think about what we delivered in the first quarter, the improvements we're guiding to and believe we can deliver in the second quarter and then the way that will accelerate through the balance of the year. So as we get into the second half of this year and we think about our gross margins, we're going to start to see even more impact from ocean freight because those are rolling in midway through this quarter. We're expecting to see lower product costs in the second half and our FX headwinds are going to abate a little bit as we get into the back half of this year. And so some of those elements will drive increasing margin expansion as we carry through the balance of the year. I think the last part of your question was on China and profitability. What I would just say is that we know from a long history of managing this business that when you have a healthy marketplace and you're driving full price sales and you are driving productivity in your retail formats, you're -- you've created the environment that's ripe to drive profitability improvement. And as we look at the momentum that we're seeing in Greater China, another quarter of double-digit growth, we're increasingly confident that we're going to begin to rebuild towards higher profitability in that marketplace. That's on the product and marketplace side. And then also I referenced an example where we're lowering our supply chain costs in Greater China. And so we feel we feel quite good with that as well. Our reported numbers in China are going to be challenging for the next couple of quarters because of foreign exchange headwinds. And so we'll continue to try to highlight the opportunities and what we're driving from a profitability perspective, but that's one of the reasons why our EBIT was down this quarter in Greater China as foreign exchange headwinds as a result of the strength of the U.S. dollar, definitely has created a bit of pressure in the short term. But that's - we're focused on what we can control and continuing to drive a healthy, profitable business in that market and believe the fundamentals for long-term growth and profitability are strong for NIKE.
Matt Friend: Yes. And I think I would just add maybe one point and then I'll hit the last part. When I think about the momentum that we've seen over the last several years from a digital perspective. You're right, we have shifted our channel mix, and that's been a consumer-led and a consumer-driven shift based on the consumers' desire to want to connect with NIKE, both through our digital apps and through our stores What we saw this quarter wasn't unexpected for us. And when we look underneath the momentum that we saw in our NIKE mobile app, we saw a strong growth, high single-digit growth in traffic. We saw member activity continue to increase both in terms of engagement and buying behavior and a higher basket size, a higher AOV. And so we continue to be focused on creating the best personalized experience for our members from a digital perspective. And we believe that that's going to continue to fuel growth in our digital business over the long term. I do think this year, the comparisons are going to not be linear as we go quarter-to-quarter channel to channel, given what transpired last year. But what we're seeing from a consumer perspective doesn't shift our dimensionality in terms of needing to do something different in order to serve consumer demand. As John said, we've got the biggest, deepest breadth of distribution of anyone and have the right partners to be able to serve the marketplace. As it relates to overhead, the numbers that I referenced actually impact our gross margins, our lower digital fulfillment cost that sits in our gross margins. And it's something that we've been focused on for some time. We started investing a couple of years ago in regional service centers in North America and in Europe and in pickup points closer to the consumer in Europe, all with the intention of building a supply chain that enables us to serve demand closer to consumers. It's more sustainable because we don't have to put product on airplanes, and leveraging our store footprint through O2O capabilities. And so we've been investing for a few years in developing and scaling those capabilities to be able to serve consumer demand. And as I look forward from here, our investments will be aligned with the way that we grow the business. In other words, we've invested to - and now we're learning to operationalize and take advantage of these capabilities. We are implementing our ERP in North America. We went live with our retail business in the first quarter, and everything has gone well. And we're focused on bringing the second part of our North America business, the wholesale side of our North America business online and our new ERP later this year. So that is our largest investment in transformation of our supply chain and enabling us to operate like a retailer. And I couldn't be more excited about the opportunity that it presents for us to really modernize the way we work and to serve consumers at speed across the marketplace.
