Matthew Friend: Yeah, let me go ahead and start, Matt, talking a bit about the environment that we're operating in right now and what's changed and what we're seeing. We obviously delivered a strong quarter and delivered revenue in line with the guidance we gave 90 days ago and are incredibly pleased with the disciplined execution and management of the marketplace, including our inventory being down 14% and NIKE plus partner inventory being down double-digits versus the prior year. But what we saw in the quarter was a bifurcation of performance. And specifically what I mean is that we saw incredibly strong performance for the NIKE brand over the largest consumer moments if you book in from back-to-school in the prior quarter through Black Friday and Cyber Monday this quarter. But in the periods in between, we saw softer performance in the marketplace. And as a result of that, total retail sales in the quarter were below the expectations that we set for ourselves 90 days ago. As a result of that, and specifically considering the promotional activity we see in the marketplace and some of the softness in digital, we've lowered our guidance for the balance of this year and provided a little bit of sharpness for you on Q3 and Q4, in particular. Q3 really is reflective of the comparisons to the prior year, much like we anniversaried this quarter. But overall, we've taken a more prudent approach to our planning for the balance of the year given the increased macro headwinds we're seeing in China and EMEA, in particular, and the way that we've adjusted our digital growth downward based on the traffic softness that we've seen and the higher marketplace promotions. And so, you know, connected to what John will talk about in a second, our focus is on newness and innovation, particularly because in an environment like this where the consumer is cautious and we're seeing higher levels of promotional activity, it's newness and innovation which really creates brand distinction in this environment. And we're even seeing it in the context of recent releases and recent product introductions that we've had over the last 60 to 90 days.
Matthew Friend: Sure, Michael. Well, let me start on the margins. You know, I think that this quarter was really a strong proof point with strong gross margin expansion and operating margin expansion. And the team's execution in gross margin, in particular, was really strong. You know, when we look at the drivers of it, it's a combination of recovery of the transitory headwinds which we've been talking about for a couple of years now, but also structural drivers like price increases which we've been able to sustain in this environment and supply chain efficiencies, specifically meaning that we're improving our cost per unit as we deliver product into the marketplace. And so the underlying drivers that were behind our long-term margin goals are still there and this quarter is a great proof point as we're on that trajectory. The way to connect it to the safe to invest plan is to think a little bit about the opportunities for us to be -- to drive more profitable growth as we look forward. And I've been talking for a couple of quarters now about lowering our marginal cost of growth. And when I look back on some of the long-term targets that we've given like SG&A as a percentage of revenue being below pre-pandemic levels, we've largely done it. But when we look at our resources today, we see greater opportunity for efficiency and effectiveness and reinvesting some of those resources for higher return opportunities like John mentioned. And so that's really what we're focused on. I will remind you what I said on the call, which is that it's -- this isn't just SG&A. The $2 billion save to invest plan is up and down the P&L and its across our value chain. And so we will see benefits in SG&A, but we really are looking at the business holistically. And our focus as we look forward is to drive more profitable growth over the next several years. We remain confident in the long-term margin goals that we've been talking about. And so as we approach '25, we know that we're due to provide an update on those long-term goals, but we still remain confident on the endpoint. As it relates to the revenue, just hit it quickly. Yes, we are largely seeing adjustments based on increased macro headwinds in China and in Europe. You know, the element that we can control in this is the commentary I made around managing our franchises. We have incredibly strong franchises. In fact, we build dimensions to franchises. It's what we do to drive growth in our business. And we continue to see those largest franchises driving year-over-year growth and selling at levels of full price realization that's above the goals that we've set for the business. But we know in an environment like this, when the consumer is under pressure and the promotional activity is higher, that it's newness and it's innovation which causes the consumer to act. And John just referenced a number of products and product launches in the last 45 to 60 days where we're seeing an incredible amount of consumer energy in response to newness and new stories. And we've seen either full sell-outs or incredibly high levels of full price selling. And I won't rename all the products, but what it demonstrates is what we already know, which is that in this type of an environment, what we control is accelerating our pace of innovation and newness in order to give the consumer something to want to continue to invest in this category. And we think that we can do it like nobody else. And so what you're hearing from us is a controllable effort to accelerate that pace, managing some of the larger franchises and really accelerating as we go forward. That'll start with many of the items we've been talking about in our portfolio through the balance of this year. And then the acceleration you're going to see and feel, especially as we focus our brand heat on this newness, will carry us into '25. We know it's going to take time because you got to scale this newness and the innovation and that's what we're focused on doing. So our guidance for the second half from a controllable perspective is also reflecting on the proactive actions we're taking to manage our product portfolio as we look forward.
Matthew Friend: I'd just add too that we're excited about the product portfolio we have below $100. And that product offering that's coming to market in the coming quarters will also enable us to get back on our front foot at an important price point in both -- across in -- multiple markets across the world.
Matthew Friend: Yeah. And on the profitability side, what I'd say, Lorraine, is that this quarter, if we exclude the impact of FX, our EBIT grew faster than revenue in greater China. And so I think it's a great proof point that we can start to expand margins and move back towards where we were prior to the pandemic. I did mention that the marketplace is highly promotional and we're seeing that especially on digital. And so in the near term, the promotional nature of the marketplace is holding us back. But what I would tell you is that our inventory units are down versus the prior year. Our full price realization is continuing to improve in our stores and our partner stores. And, you know, as we look at the environment that we're in right now, we're not going to race to the bottom on digital. We're going to focus on prioritizing brand health and brand strength. And right now, the digital marketplace, in particular, is a -- is at the highest of promotional activity. And so an element of us revising our guidance for the balance of this year is an acknowledgement that we don't want to chase that. That's not who NIKE is. We're going to focus on innovation and newness and building a strong business in the marketplace on things like the basketball products that John referenced. We're super excited about bringing Kobe to market in greater China. The Jordan business continues to have tremendous resonance there and that's how we're going to grow and continue to compete in that market.
Matthew Friend: Yeah, I mean, John, when we think about the safe to invest plan and the value it will create and the capacity it will create for us to be able to invest, invest at the biggest growth opportunities we see. We don't envision that as being people. We envision that as being consumer facing investment, bringing product innovation to market and having maximum impact with the consumer. And so our goal here is to see a reallocation of resources through this program, so that more of our dollars are going towards consumer facing activities that can have the kind of impact that you referenced. And we believe when we look at the size of the market and our position against some of the categories that John referenced and/or the way the consumer is continuing to encourage us to bring them new and interesting things from a Jordan perspective, we see opportunity to continue to grow our business and that's where our focus is. So I think we're going to -- we're focused on driving more profitable growth. That should mean that there's some leverage in SG&A, but you should also expect to see us reinvesting some of the resources that we're taking out of the business back in things that are consumer facing that have an impact on sport and that continue to enable us to maximize the impact of the stories that we want to tell.
Matthew Friend: Sure. Well, so in the quarter, we did see growth in retail sales in North America versus the prior year. Remember, it wasn't a lot of growth because we were comping some very significant growth rates in the prior year. The actions that we've taken on inventory are significant. And our inventory units are down strong double-digits in North America. That's the biggest market where we've seen the biggest movement in our inventory. When we look at the level of inventory in our partners relative to their current level of retail sales, we feel good about the weeks of supply that we have there. And what I would tell you in the large majority of our partners, we also are seeing the highest mix of current season inventory that we've seen in many, many seasons. And so we feel great that our partners are positioned to put our newest and our -- and most relevant product in front of the consumer. We are watching the marketplace closely because my comments around the big consumer moments and the in between periods applied to North America as well. And so we are watching cautious consumer behavior there. But at this point, we feel great about our inventory. And that's why we're so focused on newness and innovation, because that's what's going to pull us through a promotional marketplace like we have. And so there's definitely a lot of inventory in the market across brands, but we feel great about where we are. And newness and innovation is what will enable us to earn open to buy in our partners and will enable us to re-accelerate the top line.
Matthew Friend: Well, sure. We've been talking about 200 basis points of impact from ocean freight cumulatively over the past two years. And we started to see those transitory benefits begin to recapture here in the second quarter. Some of our upside in the quarter versus our guidance was it came a little bit earlier than we had anticipated. Our rates for this year locked. And so we expect to continue to see up -- to see that the recovery of that in Q3 and Q4. One of the other transitory impacts that we're watching closely was markdowns. And right now, we're only planning for a very modest amount of markdown recovery relative to the markdowns that we incurred in the prior year. And that's just given where the marketplace is. We've decided to take a more prudent approach to our margin guidance for the balance of the year given some of the uncertainties that are out there. So, you know, when we look to the balance of this year, we're encouraged by the second half expansion being higher than the first half expansion. And one of the other things that we're starting to get visibility into when we look at our margins in the fourth quarter is product costs -- product input costs are starting to flip to a tailwind. And so when we think about the long-term margin goals that we have, the teams are executing well and we continue to be encouraged with what we're seeing through this year.
John Donahoe: And Matt, the first part of your question regarding the structural changes. You know, as you know, six months ago, we realigned our entire organization under Heidi O'Neill and Craig Williams as our co-Presidents. And it is making a huge difference in our focus and ability to execute. And as you know, we're single mindedly focused on aligning our entire team to drive what NIKE does best, innovative product combined with distinctive storytelling, combined with unique marketplace experiences. And as Matt just said, we have a real focus, Heidi, Craig and teams, a real focus on newness and driving our next product innovation cycle, which will elevate our entire portfolio, right. This is what NIKE does best. And we're doing it with consistency and scale where we want to break through. That's our focus. And so you're seeing some, you know, I'll maybe pick one example where you're seeing some early results. Look at what's happening in basketball right now, right? We are bringing fresh, innovative product at scale. So the past six months, we've launched Sabrina 1, LeBron 21, Tatum 1, Luka 2, the Ja 1. You saw Ja come back two nights ago, the Ja 1 on Christmas Day. And so that's creating huge momentum in basketball with great innovation. And in the next three months, we add to that GT Cut which is one of our most innovative shoes to date, the Book 1 which we think has great appeal on and off the court. And, of course, Kobe, which we think has huge potential on an ongoing basis. And so this is driving momentum both on the court through performance, like Nike does, innovation and performance and off the court. And that translates into lifestyle. You may have seen LeBron was wearing the Lunar Roam walking into his game the other night and Lunar Roam sold on in sneakers the day we launched it, two days ago. And so what you're seeing is when we focus our guns on driving performance innovation, translating that into lifestyle, we can cut through, drive, scale and consistency like no one else can. So as we look ahead, we're excited about 10th anniversary of Air Max Day. That's coming up in March. The Air Max DN is our best Air Max product in years. You'll see us really get behind it. That will be, I think, both a successful shoe, but more importantly, can help lift the Air Max portfolio. With running, we'll be focusing on calendar '24 will be the year of Pegasus for us with the Peg 41 and the Peg Family Refresh. And then we're getting excited and gearing up for the Olympics, right, in Paris this summer. That's when NIKE shines its best. You'll see us really using Air as a source of innovation, both in performance and in lifestyle. And so our -- you called it a pivot, I just think it's an acceleration -- an alignment and an acceleration of speed and focus is distinct and we feel it.
John Donahoe: Yeah, Gabriella, we've made running a key priority. We talked about three areas we're really getting behind where we see huge growth opportunity that being Women's, Jordan and running. And as you said, in running, we tend to break it into three categories. You know -- and for us, it starts with road racing. That's the pinnacle, that's the peak. And as you know, in the past three to six months, we are dominating it through the Alphafly 3, which debuted in Chicago marathon. Kelvin Kiptum, as I mentioned in my remarks, set a world record. It's dominating the podiums for both men and women. And that'll actually be launching available to the public in Q3. And as we see people going into racing into the -- to the Olympics, both marathon and otherwise, our performance running for racing is unmatched. And then as trail, as you mentioned, that's the fastest growing segment, grew 20% for us. And we do what we do. It's innovations driving it. So, the Ultrafly trail, which is the first trail shoe with a carbon fiber plate, that's again very NIKE, very classic NIKE innovation, performance innovation, along with Peg Trail and Zegama, trail is growing fast partly because trail running is growing. But increasingly, trail shoes are becoming lifestyle shoes. They're being worn on the streets, particularly in EMEA and in Europe, but also around the world. So, we'll continue to invest in great product there as well as, as I said in my remarks, at our ground game. And then in the road running or every day running category, this is the area where we have the most work. And so we have good product. We had some nice wins in the quarter, the Structure 25 and the Vomero 17, which were our latest updates for everyday runners, they had positive response from consumers and specialty runners, but we're very focused on building out our ground game with everyday runners. And that means getting into the RSGs, back into the RSGs and being present where runners are, whether it's -- not just at the marathons where the elite runners are, but the everyday races in the key cities around the world and the running communities. And you'll see us, we are steadily investing in that and building our presence there. And as we look forward in terms of driving scale in everyday running, as I mentioned earlier, we're focused on Pegasus. That's our largest franchise, one of the largest franchises in running history period. And we're very excited about Peg 41 and updates across the Peg family which are coming in calendar '24. So, a lot of focus. And we'll report, you know, in road every day running. It's going to be quarter by quarter. Steady progress, steady progress, steady progress toward our goal.
John Donahoe: Well, Lorraine, let me first just step back and look at how we see China for a minute and then we'll talk about margin because if you don't have a great business, it's hard to have great margins. And, you know, the fact is we feel very good about our position in China and our ability to compete. And that has not changed from 90 days ago. In China, sport is back. The China consumer is back out on the street with a real focus on active and healthy lifestyles. You see the government encouraging sport and healthy lifestyles and Gen Z is the most active generation ever. So that's a tailwind for our industry. And so even in the face of macro uncertainty, our brand is continuing to resonate. And we're doing what NIKE does so well, which is taking global products, global innovations, global brand, global athletes and powerfully combining them and connecting them to local culture and local sport and local consumer moments. And a wonderful example last quarter is that Eliud Kipchoge, the world's best marathoner, did a tour through China right before the China -- the Shanghai marathon. As you know, we sponsored the Shanghai marathon. And sure enough, we dominated shoe counts in the top hundred. We swept the women's podium. And that's bringing energy and running and the lifestyle of running. And it's growing the market. I mean, I think we're in a great percent. We, yes, there's some macro headwinds, but we feel very good about our position and our ability to compete.
John Donahoe: That's exactly why we're doing it, because we want to double down on our investments to capitalize on growth.
