Mark G. Parker: Well, with regard to the NBA, there is really nothing further to share at this time. We are, as you would imagine, always talking to the leagues, clubs and federations, but really nothing more to report on any specific conversations with the NBA sponsorship. But as you know, the relationships that we have with the leagues, clubs, federations and of course the athletes are key. We gain the insights from the athletes that really ultimately drive the innovation that fuels NIKE's brand strength and our growth as a company. So that's always been the case that I can't imagine it wouldn't be going forward. We're selective in the choices that we make in terms of where we think we have the greatest opportunities, and we look at those opportunities in a very complete sort of holistic way. Very, very happy with where we are in basketball and feel like there's tremendous potential going forward. Trevor talked about Jordan and NIKE basketball. Incredible performance in the quarter, and really strong outlook going forward. So we expect that our relationships with athletes at the collegiate level and the professional level continue to be really an important part of that.
Mark G. Parker: Absolutely, Kate. We have made a number of different investments over time, and we continue to do that both in terms of how we operate our supply chain and more closely tie the timing of production and shipping all the way through to the final consumer. So certainly on that front. We've also, as you know, done a lot of work in the innovation space around how we manufacture product and how we design and develop it. For example, on the NFL, we've had to do some very different approaches to make sure that we're able to respond very quickly to changes in demand, whether it be for specific teams or specific athletes. And that goes all the way to the manufacturing revolution type of investments we've made around technologies like Flyknit. So we are putting a lot of money and a lot of resources against how our supply chain evolves to increase speed and make sure we deliver to consumers as quickly and as innovatively as we can.
Mark G. Parker: And I just want to quickly add. Our innovation agenda is really about bringing a complete offense, which means across the categories, across the product types, and up and down the price point spectrum. So that's really important to us. We have a major focus on elevating the state of innovation in our core product, and I think you'll see that coming through the pipeline here in the quarters ahead. I'm very excited about that part of NIKE. But certainly innovation is not reserved for the upper price point premium product. It runs up and down the price spectrum, and that's a very, very important part of our growth strategy going forward.
Mark G. Parker: The Category Offense, just touching on that for a second, is really driving deeper insights into the marketplace, which really, as you know, drive innovation, which creates product, which drives growth for us. But it's not just the product innovation, it's also the insights into the consumer and consumer cultures, making sure the brand is resonating, we're relevant, we're connected. I think it's not so much a difference from where we've been. We're refining our ability to be highly creative and innovative, but also really disciplined and operating at a much higher level across the various dimensions of the business. We have a management team here that is very much aligned, very experienced. We never take our success for granted. We're always looking for ways that we can improve, which is really important to me and I think NIKE's success to date, but we are probably our own biggest critic. But I think our ability to innovate and our ability to drive operational excellence at the same time is just – it's never been at the level it is today, and I'm actually quite proud of that.
Mark G. Parker: We definitely see the opportunity. The innovation agenda is really helping to create some efficiencies and opportunities to automate the manufacturing process, which ultimately will allow us to source more broadly down the road. As Don said, that's a big part of our agenda.
Mark G. Parker: Since you brought it up, I'll just say that Don's impact here has been absolutely tremendous through the years. I personally have nothing but incredible respect for Don and the impact that he's made at NIKE. I wasn't going to go here. It's a little premature, as Don said, but I will say that I'm also incredibly confident in Don's successor. Early into fiscal 2016, Andy Campion is really a seasoned NIKE veteran. And he's been under the tutelage of Don and the incredible financial leadership team here at NIKE. And I have tremendous confidence in Andy's ability to take the reins and continue the momentum that Don's helped create for us going forward. More on that as we move forward.
Mark G. Parker: Okay. Certainly, Robby. I think the first thing I want to just maybe communicate is that running – our brand continues to really resonate with runners in North America. And one of the things I want to do is maybe unpack a little bit about how we view the business. And we always talk about what we say is the amplified offense, which really gives you a greater view of the marketplace. And so when you take a look at it, you have the performance segment, you have the core segment and you have the running inspired segment. And so if you break those down, in the performance segment, we're seeing tremendous success of the new products that we've been bringing to marketplace. So whether you take the Air Pegasus 31 or the Max 2015, or any of those products, they're doing really, really well. And so we feel obviously very, very confident about that. As I mentioned in the core footwear, we think there's opportunity for us to do better in that zone. And so as Mark said, we're going to continue to bring more innovation and strengthen that part of the business. The other dimension is the running inspired business, which I mentioned which are things like the Roshe, which really speaks to more of the aesthetic side or certainly people who like the aesthetic or the style component of running, so, and that's doing really well. So all in all, the running business core performance is where we see some challenges, but the rest of the business really continues to do really well. In addition, the apparel is also doing really, really well in the marketplace. So we feel we're connecting with runners in a great way. Lastly, I would say that I'm very confident about innovations we're going to continue to bring in the marketplace. Over the next 18 months, we have a robust pipeline. So I'm really excited about doing that and making sure that we continue. Futures are actually up 15%, so we feel confident about the running business and its impact in the marketplace.
Mark G. Parker: No, I wouldn't. We continue to see great momentum in North America. And as I mentioned earlier, the 15% futures growth continues to give us confidence about the business in North America. Obviously, we do have our DTC business is growing, but we're also growing very well. We have a great relationship with our wholesale partners. So we feel very confident about the way the business is growing and how the brand continues to resonate with consumer. The demand for the brand is really high in North America and actually around the world.
Mark G. Parker: Okay, yes. Our women's business I'm very excited about the products in our women's business. Our women's business really across not only in North America, but really around the world continues to grow at a really rapid pace. In fact, it's outpacing our men's business. And our strategy to really focus on the run, train and live components of the business, every dimension is actually growing, both footwear and apparel as well as some of the things that we've done certainly around the community work with the services that we're providing. They're also doing really well. So it really is a case of every dimension of this is actually working really well. So we're really excited. Some of the things to really point to whether it's the Epic Lux tights, the bras that we've just recently launched, some of the great footwear, all of those things are doing really, really well both in our doors, in dotcom as well as with our wholesale partners. So we feel really, really pleased about the progress.
Mark G. Parker: No. I think from the China perspective, obviously we're very pleased with the continued growth. No. It's probably more just at this point in time, but it's not something that we would envision over the long-term.
Donald W. Blair: One of the things that I made a reference to this in the prepared remarks, Omar, is that when we implemented our trading company four or five years ago, one of the things that we did is we started deconstructing our payments to the factories into a basket of currencies as opposed to one currency, which lets us get natural offsets to some of the currency exposure. So we're getting some of the benefit that you're talking about here matching sourcing currencies and selling currencies even within our existing structure. The second thing is that we've adjusted or we do adjust payments to the factories on the basis of how those currencies move. So we are getting some offsetting sourcing benefits right now from the fact that currencies in a lot of our sourcing countries are weakening. So that helps us also net down our foreign exchange exposure. With respect to your overall premise of trying to make sure that our manufacturing is closer both in the proximity and time to where the product is sold, that is absolutely part of the strategy from a consumer standpoint. So I think when you look at the financial side of it, we're getting some of the benefits that you're describing through the way we've set up our trading company. And that's not stopping us from keeping the pedal down on driving manufacturing evolution, as we think there's a huge consumer benefit to doing that as well.
Donald W. Blair: Let me take the first cut at that. First of all, rumors of my departure are premature here because I will still be in this role through the end of July. So you're not quite rid of me yet. I am tremendously excited about the next chapter in my life, but I'm also extraordinarily excited about the prospects for NIKE and have tremendous confidence in both the management team as well as my successor, Andy Campion. Certainly, Mark can speak for himself on that, but you're not quite rid of me yet, and I feel really excited about it.
Donald W. Blair: Just the first piece would be the way we approach these things, which is we think about managing the business on a long-term and how we move all the levers in the business. So just because the euro has gone down dramatically, doesn't mean we're going to try to get all of that back with pricing in Europe. And we're going to pull all the levers to deliver against our goals. We do have in our expectations for FY 2016 that we will continue to migrate consumers to premium. We're continuing to manage mix. And if you look at the way our business has performed over the last few years, I think we've been very successful in moving average price points higher and we would expect to do that. What I wouldn't look for is trying to get all of a very big move in currency back in the near term with huge price increases in any one piece of geography. We play for the long-term.
Donald W. Blair: We also had some weather-related delays in the south. There were some ice storms down there, so we lost some shipping and so on. So there's quite a bit of supply chain noise in Q3, which, as we said on the prepared remarks, we do expect that's going to sort out over the next few quarters. But as Trevor said, demand extraordinarily strong in North America, futures up 15%. So feeling really good about the underlying strength of the business.
