Mark Parker: Well, first of all, most of the growth is units, although there is some price increase in there as well. I don't actually have a split on that right now, but what I would say is when you look at this from a geographic standpoint, the two largest drivers of the growth are North America and China, which is what you would expect. Those are two pieces of geography where the brand and the business is very strong, and we've made some very specific decisions to position ourselves for growth in some very profitable categories. One other thing I'd point out is this really is a more normalized level of inventory. Last year was one of the lowest we've seen. And this year's inventory level is actually only the third-highest February in the last seven years. So this is really more of a normalized inventory level.
Mark Parker: Well, I think we're going to see air freight begin to ease in the very back half of FY '12. So we think for spring and summer, we're going to start to see a different balance in supply and demand, which will certainly take some of the pressure off gross margin.
Mark Parker: It's a little bit stronger in the back half, and that would make sense because the World Cup overlap is more in the front of that window.
Mark Parker: Let me add to this. This is Mark. Much of the increase in capacity is actually adding lines to existing factories as opposed to just opening new factories. And that's especially important in those factories creating the product that's in the highest demand. Lunar and Free and some of the other products, some of those items that are in specifically high demand. So there's a lot of additional lines being added to current factories.
Mark Parker: Well, the input costs are definitely increasing in the fourth quarter. And one of the things we also spoke about is our China distribution center, which we'd just commissioned. We've got some commissioning costs, which we completely expected. But that also is one of the drivers in fourth quarter, but it's basically materials costs.
Mark Parker: The bigger magnitude comes in the second half of the fiscal year. First half of the calendar year as we move into the spring and summer seasons.
Mark Parker: I will add, too, that the broader restructuring that we went through around the category focus has actually really helped us drive a more robust top line. And we're really seeing that actually click into gear. Some of the demand that we're chasing right now, as I said, was more around a number of really key styles and concepts, where the demand greatly exceeded even our expectations. So we've been chasing those. But overall, we feel very good about where we've netted out on the restructuring.
Mark Parker: Boy, that's the big tease. I'm tempted to dive in on that one, but it is a bit early. I will go out and just say I think some of the most exciting, new performance products we've seen in the history of Nike certainly is in the pipeline and getting ready for that massively important global event. And you're right. These are the events that we rally behind. There are sort of moments in time that we come together and show our best work. And I'm very close to the product engine here at Nike. And I can truly say that some of the most exciting product that we have ever had is currently in the works and getting ready to come out prime time for the Summer Olympics in London. So we'll be doing some fairly major events here in the coming 12 months to really highlight much of that. But it's a bit premature to really let some of those cats out of bag right now.
Charlie Denson: I'll add just a little bit more commentary on that. I think part of the footwear growth is driven by a pretty good increase on in-transit. That's just in preparation of trying to chase some of the demand that we've been talking about. And then in apparel, as Don talked about a little bit, North America really primarily is driving the apparel increase, which is where we have the strongest increase on a year-on-year basis in sales. So back to some of the commentary I had in the prepared remarks, I mean, we still feel pretty comfortable about where we are.
Charlie Denson: Yes, Bob. This is Charlie. I would say yes on both questions. I think the mix has a big effect on the North America gross margin, as Don pointed out in some of the prepared remarks. And right now, we've got a very robust growth curve going in Apparel that we feel pretty good about as a sustainable piece of the business. That being said, we still feel pretty good about our Footwear business as well.
Charlie Denson: I think we're still gaining a little bit. I think it's category by category. I think we still feel very good about our Running business. We still feel very, very good about our Basketball business. Men's and Women's Training is coming online, and Action Sports, still doing very well. So overall, I think you have to break it down category by category, but on an overall basis, I still feel confident that we have the ability to gain share.
Charlie Denson: Well, first of all, we have a pretty strict set of standards around when we bring up a factory in terms of quality and consistency with our code of conduct and so on. So we would expect this factory capacity certainly to be cost-competitive. As we bring on new factories, in some cases, we do bring in some of our lean practices. Some of these factories, for example, are conversions from other brands. So I would say overall, competitive, not materially different from the existing sourcing base.
Charlie Denson: I think you might be referring to -- I think Don's comment was more on the closeout piece where our closeouts, as a percentage of total inventory, are down. I'm not sure. We have to go back and see exactly what he said.
Charlie Denson: Yes, for the third quarter, we were down 110 basis points. It was about 100 basis points or so on the input costs. About 40, 50 basis points on air freight. So those of you doing the math, we obviously are offsetting some of that with a lot of the cost initiatives we've had in place for quite some time. We continue to drive that, and we've also had some benefit from Direct-to-Consumer. So more than all of the gross margin decline actually came from input costs and air freight.
Charlie Denson: Yes. I think -- this is Charlie. We have been increasing price, albeit strategically and market-to-market, style-by-style, even in fall and as we move into holiday. What we're referring to is more of an across-the-board increase in order to make sure we maintain price-value relationship across the entire product line as we move into 2012. And that's where you'll see that the more significant impact on the overall P&L.
Charlie Denson: Actually, the momentum of basketball has been great, especially on the Nike side, where as you look at the Q3 numbers, Jordan only had one big launch. We mentioned the new Air Jordan. And so that number for the quarter was down -- it wasn't down, it was actually up but on a lower rate. But the Nike Basketball number was up solid double-digits. So we still feel very good about our basketball positioning and the excitement that is going on in that space right now.
Charlie Denson: Well, with respect to the capacity consolidation, or the factory consolidations, that we did over last year or so, we absolutely believe that's one of the reasons why we are going to be able to support business going forward. That factories that we divested were factories that were less efficient and really weren't the ones that could produce the product that we're working to supply right now. So by consolidating our factory base, we consolidated with the most efficient, highest-quality producers that have the financial and operational capability to grow with us and produce the kind of product that we put in the marketplace.
Charlie Denson: Well, I'll call out a couple specifics in the U.S., I mean across the different channels, in distribution we feel pretty good. As I mentioned, the two bigger drivers in the inventory numbers were in-transit, which again, is kind of coming into a strong summer-fall period, and then the Apparel, we're very robust here in the United States on our Apparel business. And that goes across all the channels, Sporting Goods, athletic, specialty, department store, et cetera. I made the comment in the prepared remarks. One of the things we watch very, very closely is the overall health of the marketplace. I think it's one of the things that helps us support both the futures program and the ongoing gross margin management that we look at on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So we continue to keep a very, very close eye on all of that around the world. And as we continue to invest in our systems, both at the partnership level and the DTC level, it's giving us more and more transparency into those inventories and our ability to manage them.
Charlie Denson: Yes, this is Charlie. I think I mean we, obviously, with the large piece of the business being done on the futures program and those prices are already locked in and guaranteed, we don't have a lot of flexibility there. We do have the opportunity, to some degree, to see some pricing in our own Direct-to-Consumer channels. It's still not as material enough to offset some of the pressures that we're seeing coming in. So we don't see a lot of -- a significant impact short term.
Charlie Denson: Right. So as we called out in the script, there's really a couple of issues there. That is going to be the timing of demand creation will always affect the geography profitability. So that's one element. The other one is, you're absolutely right. The air freight cost is highest for North America. It's the geography where we have the fastest delivery windows against futures. And so therefore, when we have capacity shortfalls, it's the North America business that requires the more air freight to get the product on time.
Charlie Denson: Roughly, yes. The products are going to be the same around the world. The only difference there would be just the mix of products. The one thing that is different, input costs are the same, but foreign exchange obviously has a huge impact. And if you looked at our reported numbers, the European geographies were most significantly affected by foreign exchange.
Charlie Denson: Well, first of all, overall, you're right. Your premise that we feel as if inventory is in good shape, absolutely. We feel good overall about the inventory level. With respect to where we are yet, the factories are delivering later than what we ideally would like it. It's not that they're slow. It's just that the demand is big. So it is the later delivery out of the factory to get it here on time, and, therefore, it needs to be sent by air freight.
Charlie Denson: Okay, so what I would say is that that's a plausible storyline, but you're way ahead of me here. We're not quite at that stage with our FY '12 plans to be giving quarterly guidance. But I do believe that, generally, that those thoughts are accurate in the sense that we will be investing in the European Championships and the London Olympics. Some of the London Olympics, of course, will fall into FY '13. So from a demand creation standpoint, you would expect to see some of that flow. With respect to gross margin, we are going to face input pressure all year, although we would expect to see more pricing offset in the second half.
Donald Blair: Well, I think first of all, Charlie is right. The major driver here is going to be less off-price, which we think is a good thing. That was obviously a cleaner marketplace. The other thing is we are very committed to the futures model and believe that a pull marketplace is the right way to run the business for maximum margin and capital efficiency. So making sure that we continue to focus on strong futures and keep the at-once business focused on those quick-churning styles. That's the way we think the best way to run the business.
Donald Blair: And much of that is on the materials side. It's the largest percentage of that decrease, sort of the pressures is from higher input costs around materials.
Donald Blair: Bobby, with respect to China distribution center, this is really a short-term commissioning and start up type of impact. We do expect to see some improvement in the back half of the year. And then in the long run, what we experienced with our distribution center in Laakdal, it's both. It really is a competitive advantage to have the capability to deliver against launches and footwear, apparel and equipment together. And also it's one of the things that over a number of years, you continuously improve productivity of the facility and drive improved gross margin. So we do believe that will fairly quickly be a real asset financially and commercially.
Donald Blair: But I would say, to the earlier point, pricing's not the only lever we have. We certainly are continuing to work our supply chain, and that's something that we have seen benefits. Historically, we saw benefits in Q3, and we expect to see that in FY '12. And we also have pattern over the last several years of driving for leverage on our SG&A. So we're going to pull all the levers and as we always do, really aim at long-term profitability. And I think if you listen to what we talked about on the guidance, that's really an overall P&L model, not just on the pricing front.
Donald Blair: The ASPs are up slightly in Footwear and down slightly in apparel is what we have right now in the five-month futures window. What I would remind you of, as Charlie said, that would reflect only the very surgical price increases and not the increases that we expect to see more towards the back half of the year.
Donald Blair: I wouldn't take that as something that we see as a material trend. I mean, there's lots of moving parts in Apparel.
