Phil De Sousa: Well, thanks, Jacky, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Xylem's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Decker; and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Shashank Patel. They will provide their perspective on Xylem's fourth quarter and full year 2015 results and discuss the full year outlook for 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will address questions related to the information covered on the call. So with that – so that we will have enough time to address everyone on the call, I will ask that you please keep to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue. We anticipate that today's call will last approximately one hour. As a reminder, this call and our webcast are accompanied by a slide presentation available on the Investors section of our website at www.xyleminc.com. A replay of today's call will be available until midnight, on March 6. Please note the replay number is 800-585-8367 and the confirmation ID number is 19530850. Additionally, the call will be available for playback via the Investors section of our website under the heading, Presentations. Please turn to slide two. We will make some forward-looking statements on today's call including references to future events or developments that we anticipate will or may occur. These statements are subject to future risks and uncertainties, such as those factors described in Xylem's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Please note the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, and actual events or results could differ materially from those anticipated. Please turn to slide three. Just a few key notes for today's presentation. All references today will be on an adjusted basis, unless otherwise indicated. And non-GAAP financials are reconciled for you in the Appendix section of the presentation. Additionally, please note that references to 2016 metrics include the financial impact attributable to previously closed acquisitions and have been adjusted to exclude non-recurring transaction costs. Now, please turn to slide four. I'll turn the call over to our CEO, Partick Decker.
Phil De Sousa: I'll give you guys – so this is Phil. I'm just going to just jump in here real quick. So just to put into perspective the declines that we've seen in Canada, both, fourth quarter and full year completely almost entirely tied to that oil and gas decline that we've got there. And so, for the year, of the top of my head, I want to say, it's down 13% – 15% or so for the year. And in terms of size, it's about $150 million in revenue.
Phil De Sousa: Joe, let me just jump in here. Last year, we kind of gave the – a better rule-of-thumb schedule, if you would. If you want to kind of do it based on the outlook or based on where we are here in terms of the calendar, you basically think about it net-net, about for every [ph] cent (57:36) move in the euro, you got about $0.01, if you would, benefit to us or, if you would, headwind to us at the bottom line. So, it's about a penny for penny.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Shashank. As I said earlier, we believe we are well positioned to make significant progress against our top priorities in 2016 in order to drive long-term profitable growth at Xylem. We're driving substantial change at Xylem to strengthen our commercial capabilities, taking specific actions to improve our customers' experience at each touch point we have with them. This includes driving more expertise through industry vertical selling, and simplifying our commercial processes. We have focused plans to accelerate growth in emerging markets, targeting increased investment of about $30 million in the Middle East, China and India. We plan to increase our R&D investment in 2016 by 30 basis points to 50 basis points to advance innovation. And as we drive our continuous improvement work deeper into the organization, we expect our Lean and Global Procurement initiatives to generate gross savings of $120 million, an increase of roughly 20% year-over-year. The growth rates I refer to on this slide all exclude the anticipated negative foreign exchange impacts. Looking at the year ahead, we expect to generate faster than market growth, delivering 2016 organic revenue growth of 2% to 4%. The recently completed acquisitions are expected to add an additional 1% of revenue growth. Given that we expect stable conditions across roughly 90% of our portfolio, including growth across all geographic regions, we believe we are positioned to exceed market growth, despite the ongoing headwinds from oil and gas and mining. Our adjusted operating margin is expected to grow in the range of 50 basis points to 80 basis points overall, despite roughly 20 basis points of margin dilution from the acquisitions of HYPACK and Tideland. This dilution is driven by purchase price accounting impacts such as non-cash intangible amortization. Excluding the diluted impact of acquisitions, our operating margin is expected to expand by 70 basis points to 100 basis points. We anticipate generating earnings per share of $1.95 to $2.05, which excludes restructuring and realignment costs of about $25 million, but this projection does include $0.04 of negative foreign currency translation impact. Excluding foreign exchange impact, EPS growth is expected to be in the range of 8% to 13%. Finally, we will continue to execute a disciplined approach to capital deployment, which is expected to result in free cash flow conversion greater than 100%. This also contemplates expected CapEx in the range of $120 million to $125 million. Please turn to slide 13, this slide outlines our expectations for 2016 organic revenue by end market. Industrial, which represents 44% of total revenue, is expected to be flat to up low-single digits. This projection assumes low-single digit growth in light industrial applications and double-digit declines in oil and gas and mining applications. The public utility sector, which constitutes 33% of our total revenue, is expected to grow at a mid-single digit rate. Here, we anticipate growth led by the U.S. and continued investment across emerging markets. We also expect market conditions in Europe to remain stable and that the UK's multi-year AMP 6 cycle of infrastructure investment accelerates late in the second half of the year. For the commercial market, we see growth in the mid-single digit range. Our expectation is that growth in the U.S. institutional building market continues to be here and that conditions in Europe modestly improve. Lastly, while we expect urbanization to drive growth in emerging markets such as the Middle East, we also anticipate weaker conditions in China. Residential should grow in the low-to-mid single-digit range driven by strength in the U.S. albeit at lower levels seen in 2015. We also expect continued low-single digit growth in Europe. Finally, agriculture will likely see a modest recovery from the significant weather events in 2015. Please turn to slide 14 and Shashank will provide some calendarization insight for the year.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Shashank. So, we had a strong finish in 2015 as we faced some challenging conditions. Again, I want to thank our team for their performance as their focused execution against our strategic priorities helped us to deliver on the commitments we set forth at the beginning of 2015. I am confident in their ability and commitment to deliver against our organic growth targets and margin expansion opportunities. Xylem is in a very strong financial position and we will continue to drive our balanced and accelerated capital deployment plans. I am very encouraged as I look ahead to 2016 and beyond. No doubt there are challenges in the near-term but I am confident that our team will continue to execute with operational discipline to drive our success. That commitment and focus will provide the foundation for future growth for Xylem and our shareholders. With that, operator, we are ready to open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Patrick Decker: Sure. Well, thanks for the comments opening there, Deane, as well, we appreciate it. On this project – this is a project actually that has been in backlog for multiple years. And there've been some delays in the customer job site, in terms of ultimately delivering it. So it's been in backlog for more than a couple of years. The margin was net positive and attractive for us. I wouldn't say we have other projects like this that are out there. I mean, it was fine. It was an element of some solution sale. It was a bundled offering for an LNG application. But, again, it's a bit of a one-off. It's a large project and it's going to span over a few quarters here in terms of shipping it out.
Patrick Decker: Sure. It's a great question, Deane. And, as I had mentioned in my opening comments, I mean, it's obviously a tragic situation there in Flint. As you'll recall, we had similar situations, though maybe different causes in Toledo not long before that. And you've got a number of these flooding conditions that we see from a resilience standpoint. There is infrastructure that needs to be invested in. As you've been following the water space for a long time, it's always difficult for any of us to predict the timing of when this will unlock some of the pent-up demand that's out there. But, I do believe, that there will likely be increased regulatory scrutiny. I think that will also lead to some increase in backlog movement in various communities across the U.S. It always seems to happen slower than any of us think it should occur. And so, it's difficult to predict kind of over what timeframe, we think, it will begin to free up. But I do think this will be a collection of flash points that begins to move things forward.
Patrick Decker: Yeah. So, we're excited by both the HYPACK and the Tideland acquisitions. They are very nice additions to our portfolio and really tie in nicely with the capabilities we already have in the analytics space in that area of hydrology. The pipeline overall – I mean, that's only one vertical obviously that we're focusing in on. If I go back to Investor Day, we talked about smart water infrastructure or systems intelligence. We talked about advance treatment in industrial and we talked about making sure that we defended and protected some of our unassailable kind of core franchises. So, the pipeline continues to build. It's very attractive. It's pretty broad and deep. As you know, it's always difficult to predict the timing of when things come forward. It always takes two to tango. But I am very encouraged by the work the team has done to further build out that pipeline and lines up really nicely with the value mapping work that we shared at Investor Day.
Patrick Decker: One of the reasons for that, David, is some of these are shared locations, where it will impact both businesses.
Patrick Decker: Yeah. On your second question around unlocking private capital, our role there is not necessarily being actively involved in financing and those type of activities. What I'm really alluding to there is we're involved in – it's our role as the thought leader in the water space, we are involved in a couple of efforts with other organizations in helping further this movement around things like public/private partnerships, other models that exist in other parts of the world that are not quite as commonplace here in the U.S. We believe that there is a large role for the private sector to play in driving attractive investments there. And so, helping in some of the education effort in that area is really the role that I'm referring to.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, it's – we saw Europe really stabilize over the back half of the year, and I would describe it as stable at this point. I mean, it is still a mixed – it's a mixed bag. I would say we have not seen the continued deterioration in the southern part of Europe that we'd experienced in the kind of first three quarters of the year. That stabilizes well. So, I think we're on fairly solid footing. One of the things that will benefit us in 2016, of course, is the impact in the UK of the AMP 6 infrastructure investments cycle there that you are all probably be quite familiar with in. That cycle was launched, I think, April 1 of this past year. It takes about 15 months or so for all of the engineering and design and spec work to happen on the part of our customers. And then, we really begin to see the revenue come our way in late 2016 through kind of 2018 or so. So, I think net-net, it's stable in Europe and kind of low-single digit growth for 2016.
Patrick Decker: Sure. And that's a great question. I'd say, first of all, when you think about the nature of what the light industrial sector is, customers in that area are quite diverse. But across the board, they are very much focused in on energy efficiency to reduce their operating cost. Our volume there is not really like it would be in heavy industry. It's not really tied to the factory output, but it's rather more of an ongoing minimal operating cost. These are not large capital outlays that are required in the part of our customers. And so, it doesn't tend to be big on the radar screen, other than again, they play a role – these products play a role in helping them reduce their operating costs through energy efficiency. So, we think we're pretty resilient. I think that was demonstrated through 2015, when that part of the business again was up 2%, organically. And we've seen really nothing here in the latter part of 2015 or early 2016 that would change our view on that.
Patrick Decker: I wouldn't say it's a large driver in that area. I mean, I would say that as some of the energy efficiency regulations that have already been put in place in the EU come to the U.S. over the course of the next few years, then certainly there will be somewhat of a driver there. But I wouldn't say it's a big driver today. It's really more just, again, the managing their operating cost.
Patrick Decker: And I would just add, Ryan. I think that, as we've talked a little bit in the past, there's probably less than 10% of our revenue that is in end markets that are more challenged from a pricing standpoint that really being in the ag and resi part of the market. We continue to manage through that and maintain, I think, a very good discipline from a pricing standpoint. The area that we would suggest, over time, you would suspect the supply/demand favorability to work in our direction would be on the public utility sector. But we're still so early in the recovery there that we're not really counting on that kind of price dynamic in 2016.
Patrick Decker: Sure. I would say that the area that we kind of called out in our prepared comments as clearly going to be – we've already built some of this into our outlook, and that is continued downward pressure in both oil and gas and mining. Again, those are now only 8% of our total revenue, so it's not a large portion of our business. But certainly, if we saw mining drop off dramatically, then that would put pressure on our top line. But we feel that we've reflected that in the bottom end of the organic growth range. In terms of profitability, again, as we mentioned in our comments, these businesses are very high profit margin for us. Again, we feel that we've taken it in consideration in our guidance, but obviously, there are other cost out actions that we would take in the event that we saw that. And that's certainly something we've learned from this past year in our dewatering business.
Patrick Decker: Sure, on the – so, on the public utility side for emerging markets, the real key drivers there certainly at the moment, and we're still seeing this in our quoting activity and bidding activity, is the – again the fact that in our largest emerging markets, the whole issue of access to water and sustainability there are top policy issues and concerns, whether it'd be in China, whether it'd be in the Middle East, whether it'd be in India. And so, we are certainly not seeing any significant downward pressure there or slowing down of those large projects. But that certainly is something we're keeping a very close mindful eye on. As we did indicate in our guidance around emerging markets and we saw it in the fourth quarter, certainly, a significant headwind and pressure on the commercial building side, especially in China, as well as some of the impact of lower commodity prices on the industrial business there in China as well as in Latin America. So, again, in our guide for 2016, we feel that we've taken a pretty balanced approach in that area. But again, we'll keep a close eye on that and modulate our cost base accordingly across the rest of the portfolio.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, we've built in about a 30% impact in decline in the first half, and then obviously that stabilizes over the course of the full year. And so, it blends out in that kind of low-teen decline for all of 2016. And we've also factored in about a 10% decline in mining in that outlook.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, Brian. I would say – I mean, I wouldn't want to kind of put a dollar amount out there in terms of the oil price to go there. But, the key is, it needs to be substantial enough that there is a meaningful increase in oil rigs. That's really the high correlator for us. And I think also, given our heavy exposure on the fracking side, again, I think that we would need to see a pretty notable move upwards in oil prices for us to be able to see a meaningful recovery there. So, I don't want to sound too dour or sour on that because I do believe that, once we get a lift, and there will be a lift at some point down the road, the teams in that part of our business have done a fantastic job at managing the cost base, so we will certainly see a very healthy incremental leverage when we see any growth there. But we're not counting on any of that here in 2016.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, we've had a lot of interest in the role. Interviewed a large number of experienced public company CFO candidates. We're down now to the short strokes. And so, I'm confident we're going to be announcing something here in the very near future here.
Patrick Decker: Yeah. That was predominantly the sharp decline that we had in commercial building and industrial in China in the quarter, and we also had a tough prior year comp as well. We had quite a large growth in the fourth quarter last year in emerging markets.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah. That is correct in terms of what we laid out. And I think the – again, what we see there is confidence. I mean, first of all, I would say, I wouldn't focus too much on any one quarter because, again, the large of our business in emerging markets is still projects given these new greenfield things that are being invested and those can be choppy in terms of quarter-to-quarter movement or year-over-year comparisons. But again, we think that it's continued strength in public utility in China over the course of the full year, and it's the benefits that we're seeing from the investments we're making in the Middle East. And then, lastly, you may recall that last year we announced a $40 million project win in India. And a large piece of that ships out in 2016.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, and I – obviously , as you well know, Joe, and everybody on the call knows, it's such an uncertain environment right now from a currency standpoint that we simply snap the rates here based on where we are today. And we'll continue to be transparent on moves either direction on EPS impact.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah. I mean, we continue to see very attractive increase in quoting and bidding activity. We're seeing some increase in our win rates in that area as well. We are – we aren't seeing a major shift in the mix of our business just yet in terms of project versus more of the repair and maintenance. And part of the reason is the fact that as we still see that some customers kind of kicking the can down the road. We've seen a nice uptick in our break and fix part of the market as well. And so, that piece continues to grow quite nicely. I would again reiterate, although it's a small portion of our revenue in a given year, our backlog shippable in 2017 and beyond is up 48%. And so, again, a small portion of revenue, but it's historically been a leading indicator as to what the growth should look like in terms of momentum two years, three years out. And so, I would be concerned if I saw that trend going the other direction. It just continued to build over the course of the last year as we've given you those numbers.
Patrick Decker: Yeah. Sure. So, without giving specifics on any one deal, I would say that to your point, as we get to the noise of the non-cash items that go through EPS, these deals we've done will be in line with our operating margins as a company, once we factor in synergies and other benefits. And those margins become even more accretive quite frankly, as we do further deals in the space because of the knock-on synergies and blended margins that we obtain.
Patrick Decker: Sure. So, I would say that, on a relative basis, to that mid-single digit, we would expect that there be a slightly higher growth rate than that in transport and treatment. And I would say that the – thinking about the test side of the business, that would be kind of in line with what we guided to there. And then obviously, what kind of pulls that down a bit would be the dewatering piece of the business, which is still going to be dealing with the oil and gas and mining lap.
Patrick Decker: Great. Thank you. Well, we appreciate the continued interest by everybody. Thanks for joining on the call today. Safe travels between now and the next time we see you, all. And we look forward to updating you on the next earnings call. Thank you, all.
Shashank Patel: Thanks, Patrick. As we have done in prior years, I'd like to highlight the seasonal profile of our business, which you can see on the left side of the slide and our perspective on 2016 on the right. As for the first quarter of 2016, we expect 2% organic growth coupled with approximately 1% growth from acquisition. Foreign exchange translation is anticipated to be a 4% headwind. As for operating margin, we anticipate it to be flat year-over-year as the oil and gas and mining headwinds will continue to offset volume leverage and cost savings. Our expectations also assume a modest level of increased investment for our growth initiatives. We are assuming that both Global Procurement and Lean savings accelerate through the year, whereby we realize about $20 million on gross savings in the first quarter and expect to deliver about $120 million for the full year. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Patrick for closing comments. Please turn to slide 15.
Shashank Patel: Yeah. This is Shashank. I will take the first question. As far as the $25 million, it is incremental, and it generates about $8 million savings in 2016 probably back-end loaded towards the second half. As far as where those actions are, I mean, that is restructuring and realignment. And it's in the areas of footprint, it's in the areas of the G&A and business simplification initiatives we had outlined during the Investor Day.
Shashank Patel: Yeah. We don't – actually, we don't disclose how much of that is broken up by segment, but the total is $25 million.
Shashank Patel: Yeah. So, this is Shashank. From a pricing perspective, we expect fairly neutral conditions. So flattish pricing 2015 going into 2016. Clearly, we'd like to see more price in 2016, but it will be challenged based on current commodity environment. So that's a – so, as I said, it's flattish but, from a savings perspective, that does help because we do buy a lot of raw material, and the current environment helps drive more out of Global Procurement, and our target in 2016 is for higher cost-outs from Global Procurement perspective, as well as business simplification.
Shashank Patel: And just to add a little bit of color to that, for emerging markets in 2015, we delivered about 7% growth and it did slow down in Q4 primarily due to China. As we look towards 2016, we kind of moderated that to a mid-single digit growth. And certainly, we factored in the slowness in China especially on the commercial building side. But then, we got investments going in Middle East, South Africa as we've talked about, as well as we have some large project deliveries in India that help the overall emerging market picture.
Shashank Patel: Yeah. I can take that one. And it is over 100% and the drivers there are the normal generation of cash plus, on the working capital side, we showed good progress in second half. That momentum continues and that momentum will continue for the full year so we expect – that's why we expect over 100% is all the working capital areas such as we had good progress on inventory and accounts payable. On the AR side, we actually got hurt a little bit with the heavy shipment in December. But that's an area we continue to attack as far as pass-through receivables and we saw a good progress there in the fourth quarter as well.
Shashank Patel: Yeah. I will take that one. As far as, from a euro perspective, which was a big headline about a year ago, the euro today is trading roughly what it was on the average for last year. Where we see the foreign exchange impact in 2016 is probably the British pound, the Aussie dollar and the Canadian dollar impacting us as well as emerging market currencies. There's some softness there which kind of blessed during the fourth quarter, still is there, and we've baked all of that in. And that's where we see the challenge. We do not – as long as the euro holds, we don't see the headwind from the euro like we did a year ago.
Shashank Patel: And just to add a little bit – yeah. On the treatment side of our business, in the fourth quarter, we did see plus 20% on the order side. Granted that's longer lead time and that's also leading into the 2017 backlog, but we did see strength in treatment.
Shashank Patel: So I think – and you're right we are counting on a high level book-and-ship business and that's tied to the 2% to 4% growth we expect. And specifically the areas that we have a high book-and-ship for example, the Applied Water segment and that's driven by new products that we've actually launched and introduced over the last couple of years, and those affect both the European market and the U.S. market. So, that's going to drive that higher level of book-and-ship activity in the year.
Shashank Patel: Yeah. The overall tax rate, and we are guiding to the 20% range realizing that any quarter is impacted by the mix of where the profit is from a global perspective because the tax rates do move around. But based on the tax structure we have and based on the mix that we projected in 2016, we're basically guiding to the same roughly 20%, it's on average 20%. As I said, it moves. It does move slightly quarter-to-quarter.
