Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. We delivered a solid performance over the first half of 2017, which strengthened our confidence in our ability to deliver on our financial targets for the year. The changes in our 2017 guidance reflect primarily updates to our foreign currency assumptions. At the top line, we now expect to deliver full-year revenue of $4.65 billion to $4.7 billion. On a pro forma basis, we project organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%, which includes organic growth from the base Xylem business of 2% to 3% and organic growth of 6% to 7% in our Sensus business. Here, we've raised the bottom end of our total company and base Xylem business growth expectations by 1 point. Our Sensus organic growth rate expectations are unchanged. We anticipate achieving $130 million in cost savings for the full year, a 10% year-over-year increase, and we remain on pace to meet that target. Our adjusted operating margin is now forecast to grow in the range of 30 basis points to 80 basis points, excluding roughly 70 basis points of margin dilution from Sensus purchase accounting. This is an increase of 10 basis points in operational margin improvement over our previous guidance. At the bottom line, we now expect to generate earnings per share of $2.30 to $2.40, which excludes integration, restructuring, and realignment costs of approximately $40 million. We've increased our projection for those costs from our previous forecast of $30 million, as we've accelerated certain activities that we now plan to execute in the fourth quarter. Excluding foreign exchange impact, EPS growth is projected to be in the range of 13% to 18%. Finally, as we discussed previously, we expect to deliver free cash flow conversion of at least 110% this year. This contemplates anticipated capital expenditures of approximately $190 million to $200 million. Now, please turn to slide 11, and I'll walk you through our end market assumptions. Please note that our commentary and growth estimates on the slide reflect pro forma organic revenue from 2016 for Xylem and includes the impact of Sensus. Public utility constitutes 47% of total pro forma 2016 revenue. In 2017, we expect pro forma organic revenue to grow in the low- to mid-single digit range. We continue to forecast organic growth in our Sensus business of 6% to 7%. As we've seen in the first half of 2017, Xylem base businesses are lapping a very strong public utility performance in 2016. As a result, we expect organic growth for the base business for the full year to be up low single-digits. The year-over-year comparison in the U.S. market is particularly challenging as we delivered 17% growth in 2016. As a result, we believe growth in this region will be in the low- to mid-single digit range. Large project activities are expected to drive mid- to high single-digit growth in the emerging markets, primarily in China and India; and in Europe, we anticipate low single-digit growth. Our industrial end market represents 37% of pro forma revenue. In 2017, we continue to expect that full-year organic revenue will be up low single-digits. While the year started off soft, we are encouraged by the modest growth we saw in the second quarter. As a result, we are cautiously optimistic that this is the beginning of a market recovery, and we anticipate modest growth over the second half of the year. We expect emerging market performance to be mixed with strength in China and Latin America, offset by continued weakness in the Middle East. Moving to commercial, which represents 11% of pro forma revenue, we project organic growth to be in the low- to mid-single digit range in 2017, with a solid U.S. market. In Europe, new energy-efficient products and our continued investment in our sales channels are expected to help drive growth. Residential revenues reflect 5% of pro forma revenue. Based on the strength we've seen in the first half of the year when we grew 14%, we are now anticipating full-year growth to be in the high single-digit range. In the U.S., we did have a better-than-expected first half of the year, but we believe that growth will moderate somewhat in the second half. We do continue to see an increase in residential building permits in the European market, which should help drive modest growth. Now, please turn to slide 12, and Mark will walk you through more details on the outlook.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. We've had a solid first half of the year. We're increasingly encouraged by the momentum we see continuing to build in our businesses, and a number of our end markets are showing signs of improvement. Our Sensus integration work remains on track, and we continue to uncover new growth opportunities based on the combined offerings from Xylem and Sensus; and as we do so, we're remaining focused and disciplined to ensure that we execute our near-term plans and continue to deliver on our long-term financial commitments. There is no doubt that we are still in the early days of realizing our strategic ambitions, as we outlined at Investor Day, and we look forward to continuing to develop significant further value creation for our shareholders. Now, operator, we can open up to questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Good morning, Ryan. Thanks for the question. So, I'd break it down into the two most meaningful businesses that operate in the public utility sector and that today is our treatment business and our transport business. And I think the answer to your question is different for each of the two. I would say where we saw the significant orders growth in treatment, that really in my view is more attributable to timing of projects being awarded. And so I wouldn't necessarily attribute that to a share gain per se, although we do feel good about our share position in that market. The flip side of that, on the transport side, where we had 10% orders growth in the quarter, again, predominantly attributed to the public utilities sector, that one we do believe is a level of share gain that's really being driven by, one, new product introductions. But also, we've got a very large share position in terms of installed base. And so, as we've seen continued healthy growth in the repair and replacement part of the business, we obviously benefit differentially in that sector. So I would attribute a portion of that to share gain.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I think it's a fair question, Ryan. I think that our view, I guess we've been down so long in what is an otherwise a small part of our total revenue base on a business that obviously is one of our most profitable. I think we'd like to see another quarter of continued momentum here to be able to declare a definitive turnaround. Where we saw particularly healthy growth this last quarter was in our indirect channel with our distribution partners, with some restocking there as well as they were deploying capital again, which is obviously a very healthy sign. And so, rig count's going our way, a number of other positive signs there, but we just think it's prudent right now to keep our expectations very level-headed here.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, Godwin was the predominant contributor to the growth in that area. Actually, we've got a little bit of softness in our Applied Water business in more of the downstream applications there. That was down a little bit, not much but a little bit, but that was more than offset to drive growth in dewatering.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Well, thanks, Deane, for the questions. So, a couple of things in there that I'd point to. If you look at our growth in the quarter, it was really outpaced with transport and treatment. We were actually up about 50% year-over-year in that part of the business. Actually our Applied Water business was down about 10%, as we're still lapping some of the weakness there on the industrial commercial building side. So, it really is heavily oriented towards the water sector and the wastewater sector specifically. And that really is being driven by the continued focus, as you well know, on top policy mandate around water and environmental quality, and so we really have continued to see the money flow there. Now, we're also facing some easier comparison last year, but nevertheless, we see good, solid momentum continuing there. To your second point, on the non-revenue water mandate, your industry intel is absolutely spot on. When I was over there just several weeks ago, a number of the water utility CEOs were letting me know that the last five-year mandate has been extended now to include a targeted reduction in non-revenue water, which right now is about 27% as estimated, and they want that number to be down below 10% over the next handful of years. That's an ambitious aim, but certainly it will lead to money flowing. The pilot that we announced that we signed there in Zhenjiang is the first one of those. And so, the good news here is the non-revenue water opportunity is all in front of us as a sector, Deane. And so, it absolutely is going to be the opportunity for us to leverage our partnership between the Xylem Analytics business, Visenti, and Sensus, but also perhaps leveraging the Pure combination as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I'll give you the color that I can from a competitive standpoint, Deane, in terms of how much detail I share there, but let me speak directionally. So, we've got some pilots that are just about ready to go forward in Asia Pacific, as well as some here in the U.S. with some of the leading water utilities. And we are piloting, quite frankly, different solutions – or we'll be piloting different solutions with each customer. I would describe them as cutting across a few different areas. One is absolutely focusing in on the watershed management and the ability to connect our outdoor water quality monitoring capabilities there. Second would be across the wastewater part of the network in terms of our pumping stations, et cetera, et cetera. And then third, I would say there are, again, the opportunities that I talked about around non-revenue water being a big future play for us. So, those are three of the areas. There are a couple of others that are out there that we're still in the early stages of developing.
Patrick K. Decker: Right now, we're really focused on getting the technologies enabled and making them pilot-ready, then go out and begin to commercialize them.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, it's a great insight, Deane. It is a business that is very much focusing on environmental quality monitoring, the whole outdoor water management space. The acquisitions that we haven't talked about in a while with HYPACK and Tideland, ocean and coastal monitoring is another opportunity for us in that area. And I think that what we are really excited about right now with the Sensus/Analytics combination is the leverage and power we get out of the combined R&D engineering efforts. And so, you'll see an accelerated ramp and some new product introductions there over the coming – I'd say, over the next year or two. And we've been a little bit stale, quite honestly, in the Analytics business, and I'm encouraged by the opportunity the team sees there now to refresh the portfolio.
Patrick K. Decker: But, Nate, to be clear in what we've said here is, what we're talking about in terms of any level of investment is not different than what we talked about at Investor Day. So, this is not incremental to what we had laid out back in April.
Patrick K. Decker: Nate, I think it's a fair observation. I think, right now, it really is more a function of bandwidth, not so much resources per se, but making sure that we're working with specific customers on prototypes and we have to move also at their pace as we develop some of these new solutions and technologies. So, if we see opportunities to accelerate, we'll certainly do that. We wouldn't be constrained financially, quite frankly, we see there being other opportunities on the synergy side as well that we can fund a number of these things. So, it really is not a financial constraint.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Yeah. We've got – we certainly have strong backlog going into the second half. For all of 2017, we're looking at 12% increase year-over-year, but the interesting thing is it's even higher in terms of our backlog going into 2018. And in 2018 and beyond, our year-over-year improvement is 17%. So, it really – and as I highlighted in some of my prepared remarks, we really see that as enabling us to provide really solid second half growth in 2017, but we're even more excited about what we see ahead of us for 2018.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, yeah. So I would characterize it as such. So, we – our outlook and the expecting to be growing in the 4% to 5% growth range in the back half of the year to get to our base Xylem, kind of, growth here. And if you look at the orders that we delivered in Q2, and we're obviously pleased with that order performance, it was against a rather weak comparison last year, where we were actually down slightly in orders in Q2. So, if you normalize for that, we're kind of in that mid-single digit range, all else equal, and that's pretty much in line with what we're outlooking in terms of organic revenue growth in the second half. And as Mark pointed out, there is some of this order growth that really extends well into 2018 which we view that as an encouraging sign, because obviously as we get closer to the end point of year here, our minds are turning towards the outlook for 2018. And I think the order performance that we've seen here really provides us with even more conviction of the longer-term growth targets that we laid out back in Investor Day.
Patrick K. Decker: No. I think you've summarized it well relative to the driver of the increase. It is almost entirely FX. We have updated the range. We've narrowed it. We moved up the low point to $2.30, and that's reflective of, really, some of the improved water momentum and what we see as a improved growth profile in the second half. But just about everything in that updated guidance is all FX-related.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, Joe. Let me go first, and then Mark can chime in here. So we feel very good about where we are in terms of the progress on the margin expansion goals that we laid out, not only for total company, but certainly the base business, which is really where the big productivity opportunity lies. And you see that with respect to the continued strong growth in our cost-out activities in Q2 as well as year to date. And when you look at our overall margin expansion goals of up to 80 basis points in the year, that's a good pace for us in terms of margin expansion, particularly given the fact that we're really not seeing a meaningful level of net synergies from Sensus this year. I mean, we're calling for $15 million out of the $50 million over time here, only because the negative synergies hit us on day one, and that obviously minimizes some of the net synergy in year one. You'll see the full-on gross impact of that in 2018. So, if you set that aside, very good progress on the margin side and, quite frankly, we feel that the best is yet to come. We talk about the business simplification work that we're doing, next-generation procurement, we're still early on in terms of our deployment of Lean and Six Sigma. So we remain very confident around the margin expansion goals that we laid out.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. The good news, Joe, is we've seen this coming for a while now. So we've been working closely between our procurement team and our sales teams to make sure they understand on which product lines it's impacting us and, therefore, where we really want to emphasize going after price. And so, we do expect that benefit to begin to come through in the second half of the year going to next year. And, two, certainly in those areas where we are a definitive market leader, we will behave as such and make sure that we drive pricing in the market.
Patrick K. Decker: The key with this one, Joe, is on these large deployments, they're quite complex. They go over a few years of just getting the meters deployed and, obviously, the team work closely with the customer on exactly what their delivery schedule is. And so, the orders that we would have booked in Q2 would have been a small portion of the overall deal, very small portion of the overall deal, and those will be shipping out, quite frankly, later this year into 2018.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So, Jim, the – yeah, and just to clarify for everybody, so the deployment itself will take place. So, the way – it's a two-part contract. So, we got the actual deployment of the meters as well as getting the network built out that takes place over the course of the first two-and-a-half to three years of the contract. And then, we've got a service agreement, software agreement that goes on beyond that, over a 12-year timeframe, so both software and service. And in terms of the modeling, so you're going to see the heavier revenue flow in the first two-and-a-half to three years. That was in embedded in the 6% to 7% growth that we had in the core Sensus business, partly because we do have contracts that potentially roll out, that will be up for bid. But, two, at the time of the acquisition, at the time of Investor Day, we had good line of sight to a number of these large deals that are out there and had – the team had pretty high confidence they were going to win this one. So, that was part of our confidence in committing to at least that 6% to 7% growth over the long range time.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I think we've certainly seen a modest level of improvement in capital spending in the U.S. industrial sector, as well as in, certainly, Canada had benefited there as well. And as we've said before, we tend to sell into more the general light industrial. So, not so much tied to the actual production activity itself, but as long as the sites are up and running, they will burn through some level of pumps that are there. You'll recall that we saw some unexpected softness there in Q4 and Q1. We had talked about that we would surpass that and things would normalize, and that's very much what we saw happened in Q2 and we expect that to normalize now for the second half.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So, Sensus as – on a stand-alone basis, that really hasn't – that outlook has not changed. So, there's nothing in the profile of the mix of our business or investment levels that would suggest that would be any different than what we had outlook previously.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, our view – and we obviously do stay close to this as best we can. In our view, it continues to be that any kind of infrastructure bill would likely be in the 2018, 2019 timeframe as clearly things are kind of shuffling around in D.C. these days. I would say that we wouldn't expect there to be a direct federal funding benefit on the water sector. There might be a little bit there, but we're not counting on that in our outlook. I think where there could be positive impact for our customers would be – as you probably well know, oftentimes the local and state muni budgets when they're under pressure or under constraint, one of the first areas they tend to go after in terms of deferring or delaying is water. And so, obviously, any alleviation of funding pressure for them on other types of infrastructure would obviously help us indirectly from a water standpoint. But we're not seeing a lot right now other than chatter. There's been no real activity that we've seen in terms of projects moving forward that weren't otherwise going, but we'll keep you updated as we go along.
Patrick K. Decker: Great. Well, again, thanks everybody for joining. Thanks for your continued interest. Appreciate the fact you hung on. We went a little long here today, but appreciate the questions. Safe travels; have a good end of the summer, and we look forward to catching up with you on our next earnings call.
E. Mark Rajkowski: I'll take a few minutes to update you on the seasonal profile of our business, as well as the updates to our 2017 planning assumptions. For the third quarter, based on orders momentum, improving backlogs, and favorable compares, we expect the public utility market to grow mid-single digits on a pro forma basis and our industrial businesses to grow mid-single digits as well. We expect commercial building services to accelerate modestly to the mid- to high single-digit range, and we anticipate moderating growth in residential, up mid- to high single-digits. All in, we anticipate this will result in pro forma organic revenue growth in the range of 4% to 5% in the third quarter. We expect foreign exchange translation to favorably impact revenue by $15 million. Acquisitions are expected to add approximately $230 million to $240 million, with Sensus growing organically at 6% to 7% in the third quarter. As for our third quarter operating margins, we expect margins to be flat to up 20 basis points, excluding the 70-basis-point reduction due to the non-cash amortization of Sensus purchase accounting. There are a couple of items that will put some pressure on our operating margins in the third quarter. The first item is driven by higher cost of batteries that we have secured from alterative suppliers for our Sensus water meters. As we discussed on our last earnings call, an accident in the spring required our previous battery supplier to temporarily close its plant. The team has done a fantastic job identifying alternate suppliers on short notice to largely mitigate this supply issue and minimize customer disruption; however, the costs are substantially higher. Third quarter margins will also be negatively impacted by a significantly higher mix of sales in our treatment business and large project revenues in the emerging markets. Finally, please note the summary of our FX assumptions on this slide, which includes our updated euro guidance assumption at $1.15 from $1.07. This adjustment puts us in line with the July month-to-date average actual rate of $1.15. Aside from our currency assumptions, all other assumptions remain unchanged from our previous guidance. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Patrick for some closing comments.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, just a couple of other points. The teams are now at the point where they have a much better understanding of what they really need to deliver and execute. And so, Nate, you will see some ramp-up in the R&D spend levels. To Patrick's point, as we develop those products and solutions, we'll also need additional commercial capabilities to bring them to market. But we're also looking at significantly enhancing what we're bringing in terms of data analytics, data scientists, and we certainly see that as a big opportunity going forward for the company, Software-as-a-Service. And – but we'll also try and do it smartly, so we will be taking advantage of building out our India tech center which can support some of that at a lower cost as well. So, you will bottom line see some ramp in our R&D spend as a percentage of sales as we go through the remainder of this year.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. And, Patrick, to that point, you talked about net synergies, a chunk of those investments are reflected as a reduction to the gross synergies that we're delivering. So, as you said, the more we can deliver in terms of gross cost synergies, it provides more opportunity for further investment.
E. Mark Rajkowski: And I'd add to that, Patrick, to the second part of the question, clearly, there is a – we're going to see a change in trajectory relative to growth in public utility. And we were down through the first half, but certainly, with that order growth, we'd expect to be up low single-digit to mid-single digits for the second half of the year; and on a pro forma basis with Sensus, squarely in the mid-single digit range.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, no, we're tracking very well. And we saw a ramp in the second quarter year over year, and we'll see that continue in through the second half. So we're very confident about our ability to achieve those targets that we've laid out. And as we look at the net synergies from Sensus, that too will really start to ramp, particularly in the fourth quarter of this year.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Let me take that one. We're clearly seeing a bit of a ramp in inflation, and it's really driven by commodities. In the first quarter of this year, we saw a 150-basis-point impact year over year. On the second quarter, that did ramp up to 200 basis points, and that was really all commodity based, and we would expect that to continue at that level through the second half of the year, at that elevated level. And it's really being driven by copper, stainless steel. These metals are probably the most significant drivers, but the team understands that. We're pushing hard to drive additional opportunities of savings around procurement to offset some of that. And most importantly, to your question on price, year to date, it's been relatively flat, but there's a lot of movement under that flat result. There are certainly areas in our business where we have opportunity because of competitive advantage, value proposition, to push for price and we're doing that; there's other products that are less advantaged where it's tougher to do that. But we are – this is clearly an area that we're working with our teams to get more aggressive on price because inflation is ramping, it's not going away in the near term, and we just need to be better at getting paid for the value that we're providing our customers in those instances in particular.
E. Mark Rajkowski: It was roughly 15% to 20%, just off the top of my head, and that's – really, a lot of that's for next year – a lot of that order will be realized next year.
