Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. Let me begin with a look at our end markets. Overall, our end market view for the full year has changed slightly from the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. We had a strong first half in certain end markets. And while we do expect some of that growth to moderate as we get into the second half of the year, we are updating our outlook to reflect the momentum we're seeing particularly in the utility and industrial end markets. So let me quickly run through our projections. Our utility end market continues to show strength, particularly in the U.S. and key emerging markets. For full year 2018, we now expect revenue to grow in the high single-digit range overall. Our businesses performed well in the industrial end market year-to-date. Looking out for the full year, we see continued solid growth in the U.S. and Europe with the heavy industrials in North America continuing to strengthen. In the emerging markets, we continue to see stronger conditions in China and India and somewhat softer conditions in parts of Latin America. We project industrials to be up mid-single-digits. We expect 2018 organic growth in the commercial end market to be in the low to mid-single digit range. We see low but stable growth in the U.S. and some moderation from recent strength in Europe. Our emerging markets should continue to benefit from increased government spending. Finally, in residential, where we have softer results in the first half of the year, we now anticipate full year 2018 revenue growth in the low single-digit range. We continue to see competitive dynamics in the U.S. market where demand tends to be replacement driven and we have tough prior year compares. We also anticipate solid demand to continue in China and other Asia Pacific countries as well as Western Europe. Now please turn to slide 11, and I'll address our updated outlook. As we discussed this morning, we are well-positioned to deliver on our full year commitments while continuing to invest in our longer-term growth initiatives. Given the strong revenue growth to-date, we are raising our full year revenue expectations to an organic growth rate of 6% to 7%. We remain on pace to deliver about $160 million in cost savings for the full year which will help fuel our operating margin expansion. We now expect to deliver adjusted operating margin expansion of 60 to 90 basis points to between 13.9% and 14.2%. This expansion excludes about 20 basis points of margin dilution from purchase accounting for acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to improve by 110 to 130 basis points, which will bring the full year range between 19.8% to 20%. At the bottom line, we've narrowed the range of expected adjusted full year earnings per share to $2.85 to $2.95. This excludes integration, restructuring, and realignment cost of about $45 million. Adjusted EPS growth is projected to be in the range of 19% to 23% for the year. Please turn to slide 12, and I'll expand on this guidance. As you can see on the slide, we've laid out the puts and takes on our full year earnings guidance in detail. We started the year with a $0.15 EPS range and $2.90 per share at the midpoint. As I've already addressed, we outperformed in the first half of the year, delivering growth, price realization and a strong operational performance that exceeded our expectations. We expect this momentum to continue resulting in a $0.04 operational increase for the full year. However, we expect this improvement to be offset by an equivalent amount by the stronger dollar and the divestiture of a non-core business. So we've narrowed the range and raised the low end of our guidance, while maintaining the midpoint. So please turn to slide 13, and Mark will review our planning assumptions and seasonal outlook.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. So we had a very good first half the year. Our strong execution led to higher-than-expected revenue growth coupled with solid price realization. With focus on our productivity for growth initiatives, we're driving margin expansion while continuing to invest in strategically important initiatives that will accelerate our growth and margin expansion profile in the future. I'm very proud of our teams, and we will continue to maintain our focus, which is continuing to create greater value for our shareholders. So with that, operator, we'd be happy to take questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, so Mike, this is Patrick. I'll just touch a couple of points (00:36:38). I don't want to belabor it here, but I realize it is the probably one primary spot that people are focused on that may have been a little bit of surprise for some. It was not a surprise to us. So the receptivity that we're getting from our customers and clients on these new offerings is fantastic. And what we're really doing here between now and really through the back half of this year, which we've reflected in our guidance and outlook and it still gets us to MCS EBITDA margin growth of near 20%, is to really be funding some of the scale that we need to do here around the new analytics platform and pursuing some of these large international deals. As we turn this order growth into revenue, it's going to come to really high accretive margin. And so, as we get through this year, you won't see that impact next year because the margin fall-through on the revenue we're getting is going to more than offset that, as well as we hopefully win some of these larger international deals, these are onetime development cost to win the deal, so they don't recur other than the fact that if we're pursuing other international deals down the road. So we also felt like, look, the business overall in Xylem is performing well in terms of our productivity for growth. And we felt comfortable that we could deliver on our margin commitments and our growth commitments while funding this new platform. And so that's what we're doing. We're taking advantage of first mover advantage here. And we expect to continue.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I'd start with that first, Mike. I think, obviously, we continue to see high single-digit, double-digit orders growth overall here. Our bidding pipeline for treatment as we indicated was up double-digit in the teens again. Look, I certainly would not want any of you to expect that we're going to continue to see double-digit growth in the bidding pipeline and funnel or the order rate. But I do think for the foreseeable future here, certainly over the next several months and even the next probably year or two here, we expect to still continue to see that order backlog continue to grow. We are – when we look at the markets right now, a follow-on to that question, Mike, would be, how much of this growth is market versus share. And I would say that certainly with respect to the – we take a look at the commercial market, the industrial market, those are continuing to grow at pretty healthy clips right now. We're talking about mid-single-digit in both of those for the full year and the second half. I would see that continuing. I mean, obviously, the compares are going to get a little more difficult as we get into Q4 and next year, but it's still going to be a healthy trend line there. Public utility, I think, which is really where you're focusing, we see that continuing to be in the high single-digit certainly this year. I think we'll probably come out and talk about mid- to high single-digits next year as well, but that's premature. But we're gaining share there, and we feel very good about the progress we've made both on the transport and the treatment side in terms of new product development impact and the fact that since we do have in transport the market-leading position in terms of installed base, by definition, we're going to get more than our fair share of growth when you see a very healthy level of break and fix activity taking place in that market as well.
Patrick K. Decker: And, Deane, this is Patrick. So it was pretty broad-based across all of our businesses. Again, it was largely focused within the U.S. But we're – quite frankly, while customers don't like it, they're obviously attuned to what's going on with the tariff discussion and rising input costs. And so this is not the first time they've gone through this cycle and the criticality of what we sell to them makes it easier. A couple of other comments, one, so we saw like 70 bps in Water Infrastructure, 80 bps in Applied Water as an example, and so very healthy increases. I would say it was also very healthy whether it'd be our direct channel or our indirect channel through our distribution partners. They've been leaning in as well and been very helpful in driving that aggressive activity. And then lastly, I would say part of the reason I think we saw the pickup in May and June and obviously we're staying close to it here in Q3 is there were a few of our competitors that were a little bit later in following on the pricing actions. And so that – now that they've done, that simply further strengthens the action that we've already taken.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, well, I think we feel we're very bullish on China. As you know, I have been for some time, Deane. And as you do, we have to take the long view on these markets like China and India and others. So I think it's a convergence of the government prioritization, not just on the connected treatment and obviously dealing with the water quality issues and mandate. But it's also, as you well know, it's a big mandate on reducing non-revenue water, which obviously plays into our new analytics platform. You take all that coupled with our localization efforts which is a really big deal, that helps mitigate this whole tariff discussion for us. But it also really speeds our delivery to market and we now have products that are really fit for purpose in that market as opposed to many companies relying upon importing kind of western technologies, so very pleased, very proud. We realize it's not going to last forever. We're not going to grow 30% a clip forever. But I think we're very much in a healthy trajectory there right now. I know one of the questions we've had from investors is, does the whole trade tension between China and the U.S. create a overhang to the economy there, et cetera. And we just don't see that affecting the businesses that we're strongest in which really is on the utility side which is a good two-thirds, almost 80% of our revenue now in China is in that space.
Patrick K. Decker: It's hard to say right now. We haven't seen it. We've seen good growth in the industrial and the commercial billing side. Having said that, we all went through – the whole industry went through a rough patch there, not more than two years ago when you had the whole downturn in that part of the segment. So we're coming off of a bottom. So we're still seeing growth there. So, if there was a part that could be – that would not be immune to that overhang, that would certainly be it. But that's a relatively small piece of our overall business.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah, so we are pleased. And we felt it was the first time we felt comfortable putting in the number around it, because we wanted to have something of some size and scale. This is consistent with the timing that we talked about, maybe a little bit earlier than we had originally anticipated. We were generally thinking it was going to be more back half of this year, and then the larger deals coming through more in 2019. That's still our thinking as to the timing of those larger deals. The types of things we're talking about here, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, one of them is obviously leveraging our very strong relationships with one of the large utilities there in Southeast Asia that Xylem had a longstanding relationship with that Visenti had kind of struggled to get in there. But obviously, with the great work they've done with the Singapore PV, that's a great reference for them and ourselves. So that's upwards to close to a $10 million deal that's related to that. Again, that's going to be the rise of right now the largest leak detection monitoring deployment, I believe, around the world. And so we're very proud of that. But it's still early stages. Secondly, the one in the U.S., which I think is really exciting as well, is building out a new network-as-a-service capability to where we're actually able to leverage our FlexNet platform to not only serve one utility but the entire consortium of utilities to where we effectively own the network. And we simply lease that off to them at a fixed price and really good value in margins in those kinds of projects, and we're certainly looking to see how we might be able to roll that in to some of the larger international deals as well to boost the margins and our chances of winning. The larger deployments are, as we've talked before, these are – it's really predominantly going after non-revenue water challenges of the utilities. And we think we're one of the only companies that are out there that has an end-to-end solution right now to really be able to draw the data all the way from the water coming out of the treatment plant to its consumption and being built and work with utilities to be able to reconcile that and pinpoint where their biggest needs are as opposed to them not guessing, but certainly making their best estimates on where they should be spending their money. So a lot of work we have to do. We're in the early stages on this, but we are excited by the prospects here.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I wouldn't adjust my look on that right now. I mean, we'll do that certainly in a future kind of outlook and update. But I'd say our confidence certainly is stronger than ever that we would hit and exceed that number.
Patrick K. Decker: And hey, Nate, just back on just to clarify, Matt shot me a note here, so just to remind us all. The number that we had laid out before I think after the – around revenue synergies is actually by 2020, we would be doing somewhere between $150 million to $175 million, I think is what we laid out. And my comment remains the same. We are just increasing our confidence and the ability to deliver on that number.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, so we're in the midst of really testing that. That's part of the work that our teams are doing around some of these pilots as well. The network-as-a-service idea that I – the opportunity that we kind of posted here is just one of the many approaches that we're taking. Some of these are basic subscription models. We're also looking at ways in order to perhaps share in some of the higher level value creation that we're doing with the utilities here. I don't want to really go too much more into that from a competitive standpoint. Plus, we're still testing some opportunities here. Either way around, the revenue is very attractive from a margin standpoint. And I'm just really excited by the level of receptivity that we're getting from the customers quite frankly which is part of what's fueling the need to make some investments here is to make sure we can support that at scale.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, so what really gives us confidence in the second half outlook, Joe, is as you said, I mean, despite the headwinds coming in from multiple fronts, we tightened our outlook and operationally raised the midpoint to offset some of the currency and divesture impact. And it really is coming from the incremental margins on the top line and the growth momentum that we've got. It is the traction on price and that we'll be getting the full on impact of that in the second half of the year. And then third is just our ongoing productivity efforts that always – they always ramp a bit in the second half of the year especially in the procurement side.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I would say, third question, maybe just to remind everyone again of what our industrial business really is today. But before I go there, I would say, no, I wouldn't suggest that we're gaining share across the board in industrial. I think we're certainly growing with the market. I mean, there may be some pockets here or there where we picked up a little bit and maybe given up a little bit, but on average, I wouldn't describe the industrial performance as a share gain play. Having said, your comment about relative to other industrials, you probably see – bear in mind again that the lion's share of our industrial business is what we call light industrial. And so this is a product that is not tied to production output, typically grows at a kind of GDP plus a point or so kind of growth depending upon where we are in the replacement cycle, but these are pumps basically. People just run to failure and then they replace them. And so as long as the sites are up and running, they're using our pumps. So, just like when you didn't see that part of our business go down when the rest of the industrial sector was down a couple of years ago, I wouldn't expect us to be growing at a recovery level kind of rate in this market as well. So that 6% growth that we've seen, I'm very pleased with that. That really is a bit of uptick that we saw in that small portion of our business that's heavy, which is mining and oil and gas. But that's again only 4% of our total revenue as a company. So kind of hard for us to move the needle in a big way in industrial. So we're in this kind of mid-single-digit space. That's a good space to be. Now, we do know some of that is from new product rollouts as well, and those products are coming in at very attractive margins and very attractive growth rates relative to the businesses or products they're replacing.
Patrick K. Decker: And I would lastly say – I'd lastly say, Joe, that the localization that we've done in emerging markets, particularly in the Middle East, has also given us the opportunity to win some larger opportunities in industrial, some projects that we would not have been able to win because the lead times are too long or the cost position was not in the right spot.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I would say overall in terms of the rate of spending that we've talked about in terms of increasing, between now and 2020, increasing by 100 basis points or more in R&D where R&D is a proxy for other investments, it may not all go to the R&D line. It would remain unchanged. I mean, we still feel the same way about that. We're not looking to take that up any more than what we were looking at before. That'll be a healthy level of spend. Especially, given the fact that you may recall, Chip, that we talked about we're also getting much more – much larger bang for the buck out of the R&D dollars in our base spend, because we're doing a lot more of that in emerging markets. Closer to market, it's bigger bang for the buck given the – where we're spending it in India, China, the Middle East, et cetera. Two, we've also done a good job at leaning out our new product development pipeline and getting rid of a lot of the smaller, longer-term kind of things that people might have been working on to really focus in on the things that matter most. So we just got more R&D productivity overall than we had before. In terms of your comment around organic versus inorganic, the way I would lay it out for you all would be as you think about the utilities vertical, think about that as being predominantly an organic play now. There will be some bolt-ons and tuck-ins that we do, but we don't have line of sight right now to any other big move that we'd be looking to make. It would be really just rounding out the platform that we've got here. I think as we've talked before, the other areas of inorganic would largely be banned (00:59:06) in various aspects of industrial water management. That's a broad market, very fragmented. There's a lot of opportunities that are out there, takes two to tango. And we're going to be very disciplined as we have been. Not kind of flashing lights on anything right now. Just letting you know that that would be the part of the business that would be probably more of a inorganic play over time than organic.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I mean, I think (01:03:00) – this is Patrick. I think the overall comment and theme on working capital in general is we changed the management incentive structure for our top few hundred people about two years ago and embedded a third of that payout is tied to working capital ratio, so working capital percentage of revenue. And I would say it took probably the better part of the first year for it to really kind of take hold. It really has been last year and this year that you've seen significant moves downward in terms of working capital investment. That really has helped fuel the free cash flow conversion that you've seen here. So I think a lot – there's a long way to go. We feel a lot better where we are now than we did a few years ago. And I would say of all of the areas, it's the most challenging inventory, certainly is and it probably still has the biggest area of opportunity in front of it.
Patrick K. Decker: No, I wouldn't read. I mean, obviously, we always keep a very healthy active M&A pipeline and funnel. We've got a very experienced M&A team here that's working with the businesses to always be staying close to that. So I wouldn't – but I wouldn't read into it that there's anything that is more near end that we're looking at or contemplating here. So don't read anything to the word change there. I used the word broadly water management and industrial as opposed to – in the past, we've talked about treatment, we've talked about broad-based water services. And so that is an area that we're certainly spending a good amount of time just making sure we understand what the opportunities are. And to your point around commercial, I mean I do think that the nomenclature on some of these things is a fine line. I think sometimes we use different words to describe things. So we're not – I'm not necessarily describing the scenario where we're going to be going out and doubling down in parts of the market that we're already in. These would be adjacencies that we think may be attractive and we have a right to play in.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I'd say that, look, it's always hard to get precise share data within any one quarter or even a year for that matter. But based on what we're hearing from utilities and what we're sensing right now is I would say the market itself is overall growing about mid-single-digits, and that typically is about where it is when you have a healthy CapEx cycle underway and you've got a kind of normal OpEx cycle underway. I'll come back to the U.S. versus the rest of the world in a moment, but I would say globally, mid-single-digit market growth, we're seeing high single-digit growth. So there's probably a point or two of growth there that I would say is coming definitely from either share gain per se or we're just outgrowing the market because of our established base that's there. Secondly, I would say that in the U.S., that would be more like a high single-digit growth of the market. And again, there's probably a couple three points coming from Xylem specific and the things there that I think are really – now, this is not limited to the U.S. It's just it's been more of a recent phenomenon. We had integrated our commercial teams across Europe and the emerging markets a number of years back. And while they went through their own growing pains, we learned a lot during that timeframe. And since then, we've seen really attractive growth by one commercial team, sharing leads and generating leads across the portfolio for their colleagues and getting incentivized to do so. We just made that move last year, you'll recall here in the U.S. and North America. And we absolutely are seeing revenue synergies from having done that here in the U.S. We've seen a great increase in the bidding pipeline. We track these in Salesforce.com. We see what's there. We give people appropriate credits for passing leads across the aisle, and they are compensated accordingly. And so that makes them hungry. And a little bit of that with some new products to throw behind it. And then just getting more familiar with what's in the actual portfolio. We have a lot of stuff in the portfolio to sell that is relevant to the utility, and I think we are definitely seeing the benefits of that. And that will help buffer when the market maybe does moderate a little bit over time. And so, again, I can't give you a specific number of share gain. But directionally, that's what gives us confidence.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, let me take, Brian, the higher level. As always, I'll let Mark handle the near end question. But from a strategic standpoint, no change in view towards either the composition of that portfolio and/or any worries around a shifting mix towards electric and gas biased away from water. This is purely a timing issue. Our growth in orders on the water side of the business and utility were up again.
Patrick K. Decker: That's our biggest business here over 40%. We've got a really healthy bidding pipeline. We're getting close on a few more deals there of size in the water space that we hope we can announce here in the latter part of the half of the year that supports our long-term growth rate. That will skew the mix back to where it historically has been. At the same time, look, we love these electric deals that we've – electric and gas deals that we've won, and we'll continue to pursue them aggressively because while they may be a little bit less accretive than the water side, they're still very attractive from an economic value standpoint. So we'll take it across the board. It's just right now, what you're seeing is simply a timing issue within the year and within maybe an 18-month cycle.
Patrick K. Decker: Thank you. So again, thanks everybody for your time and your patience today. I know we ran over a little bit again but I really appreciate your interest and questions. Safe travels. Have a good end of the summer and we'll talk to you in the next earnings call. Thank you.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Thanks, Patrick. I'll provide some additional highlights on our other planning assumptions for the third quarter and full year outlook. Given the popularity and interest in the topic of tariffs, I'll start there. There are a number of tariffs that have been proposed and a few of which have been implemented. Some of these have had little or no impact on Xylem. With regard to China, we benefit from our product localization strategy. The vast majority of the product we produce in China is sold in China or into the broader Asia region. That said, we do have a global supply chain, so we're not completely immune. But the impact is expected to be fairly modest. We are proactively managing both the direct in the indirect impacts. Our teams are on it. They thoroughly understand the potential impact and have developed and continued to execute mitigation strategies including price recovery actions. With the measures we already have underway, we do not expect the impact in the second half of this year to be material to our results and have contemplated this impact in our updated outlook. Now, moving to our other planning assumptions and seasonal profile of our business. As you can see on this slide, we've increased our expectations for growth in the full year and have updated assumptions on currency as well as restructuring, realignment and integration costs. For the third quarter, we expect growth in the utility market to continue at high single-digit growth with the industrial market steady at the mid-single-digit level. We expect commercial to continue to grow in the low to mid-single-digits with residential flattish in the quarter. We anticipate this will result in overall organic revenue growth in the range of 6% to 7%. Consistent with the dynamics we've seen in the first half, we anticipate that project mix will continue to be a margin headwind in the third quarter. Now, I'll turn it back over to Patrick.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Mike, let me – this is Mark. Let me take that one. I think you've captured the essence. There are a couple of things taking place particularly in this quarter that are impacting the margin profile. The first is around investments, and that really comes in a couple of flavors, the first being the inclusion of our Applied – our Advanced Infrastructure Analytics platform this year as well as investments we're making in that. And that is dilutive to margins in the current quarter, a little over 100 basis points. Now, as we scale that business up and it grows, as we get towards the end of this year, that impact is relatively modest in terms of the dilution to margins. And in fact, as we continue to grow that business and the momentum we see there, we expect that to be a contributor to margin expansion in 2019 and beyond. The other piece of it is investments that we're making in both technology capability, commercial resources to win a number of very large attractive international deals as well as continuing to build out our product and software platforms around our – both water as well as electric and gas. And that impact for the quarter spends roughly $5 million, and we'd expect that run rate to continue certainly through the end of this year, but it's also – we do expect to win some of these deals. And as we win those deals and we see the revenues come in later in 2019 and beyond that they're going to have an attractive drop and certainly be accretive to margins. I think the other point to take away is just through the first half of the year, EBITDA grew 22% year-over-year in the segment and we did see margin expansion of 70 basis points in EBITDA. And we expect that trend to continue for the full year. We expect strong growth in the segment EBITDA, 20%, and continued margin expansion for the full year as well. So this is more of a – you have the confluence of now we have our new businesses in our platform. We haven't scaled revenues there, and we also have some mix that hit us in in the quarter that we do expect to see a little bit more of that in the third quarter, but that will be less of an issue in the fourth quarter and beyond as our water business grows faster.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, hey, Deane, it's Mark. Yeah, we talked a little bit about this on our last call, and we've been talking about it with our business leaders for some time and recognizing that we – as Patrick just said, we do have strong market positions in a number of geographies and product sets, and we felt certainly in a very strong demand environment. And with those strong positions, we should be more aggressive. We have been. Listen, customers never like price increases. They understand it, and it gets to – it also gets the value proposition and in service levels. And so we've seen good traction largely in the U.S. across almost all of our businesses. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we really saw that trending positively throughout the quarter. So, in the first quarter, we had 20 basis points of price realization. April was 30, and then we went 60 in May and 70 in June. So it really provides us with some good momentum headed into the second half of the year.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, hey, Nate, it's Mark. Yeah, part of our investment in R&D is not just these pilots for international deals, not just our Advanced Infrastructure Analytics, but we're also continuing to spend money and develop new products to get at exactly that point, not only provide richer features to our customers on the gas and electric side, but also significantly look to take cost out of those products. So we can drive margin expansion as well.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, it points on the board with more to do but certainly the pipeline is growing fast and there's a lot of opportunity.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Walter, it's Mark. It's largely the book and ship business. It's pumps, it's replacement components, it's aftermarket service mixers. Project work is unique, and you got to go out and bid it. So it's mostly those book and ship components. And that doesn't mean we're not looking to improve our margin profile on these larger projects, but they're all unique. They're all different. But that's not where the price is coming from.
E. Mark Rajkowski: I think that we talked about it in the prepared remarks. It's largely tough compare to last year, which was mid-teens. There was a lot of disruption in the channel last year, which drove some of that. So we'd expect that it's a competitive business environment, and we expect this to grow in the low single-digits through the rest of this year.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Walt, we're trying to be smart and make sure we don't get caught short relative to components and supply. So there's certainly some of that going on (01:02:33) and that would be one of the headwinds. But we're also – we've been working hard on improving our SNLP (01:02:39) and our processes and stock levels that are more time to real-time market needs. So, overall, while there's more work to do, the team has performed fairly well there despite some of those challenges and actually reduced the number of days of inventory on hand year-over-year.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, yeah, so we did see mix impact across the enterprise. Probably the biggest piece of it was in our Measurement & Control Solutions, but we had a little bit in the other two segments. So that's a reality. We do expect that to continue into Q3 given how we see the mix setup in backlogs. But to your other point, we have done very well in terms of driving price that will continue to – we're going to see some acceleration into the second half of the year. But there is a reality and inflation does tick up a little bit as well, and what we're trying to do is get ahead of it to offset it. So it's really – it's nothing more than that. Mix did impact us in the second quarter, will continue to impact us in the second half of the year. And on your point in terms of the guidance, we've not taken it down. We've narrowed it. And in fact, on an operational basis, we're up $0.04 to where we were last quarter.
E. Mark Rajkowski: That is what I said. We ran about 220 basis points impact through the first half of the year, and there's probably another 30 basis points or 30, 40 basis points higher inflationary impact that we expect to see in the second half of the year. Part of that from tariffs, part of it just from general supply and demand. But we – that's why we got ahead of the price curve.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. And I would – that's exactly what we saw in Q2. A little bit in Q1, but we'll – as those deployments continue to roll out, we'll see a little bit more of it in Q3. But as some of those orders translate into revenues on the water side, that is a much lesser issue in Q4 and moving into 2019.
