Matthew Pine: Thanks, Bill. Two things I want to mention before we close. First, it's been such a privilege in my first 100 days as CEO to spend time with so many Xylem colleagues around the world. You can see they're doing fantastic work, and it's evident in today's results. And our integration progress is a great indicator of how smoothly the Xylem and Evoqua teams have come together. As a combined company, there is so much potential for growth and impact, especially as we pivot to even stronger execution of our strategy.  To achieve our potential, we're being very intentional about the culture we're building. Specifically, we're creating a culture centered on behaviors that drive empowerment, accountability and innovation. We call it our high-impact culture, and it's the heart of our how, how we are creating the next phase of Xylem's growth and impact. Of course, culture change takes time, and it starts with myself and the leadership team.  So it's incredibly energizing to see the cultural alignment already coming to life in our town halls and business reviews at all levels in the organization. We'll talk a bit more about how we're fostering our high-impact culture when we gather together for Investor Day at the end of May. Lastly, on Investor Day, we'll also be launching our 2023 sustainability report. We're very proud of what we've achieved and even more motivated by the work ahead. In this year's report, we'll be introducing our combined company goals for the first time, setting our ambition for impact through 2030. Given how fundamental sustainability is to Xylem's business model, I invite you to give it as much attention as you give our financial results. And as always, we welcome your feedback. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator to lead us through Q&A. 
Matthew Pine: No, it's a great question, and you pretty much hit on 3 of my key messages that I'll be taking up in the Investor Day with me. Look, we're extremely focused on executing on the platform that's been built over the past decade, especially over the past year with the acquisition of Evoqua to drive above-market growth. I mean that's our mantra. This is our #1 execution priority in our goal deployment process this year, and it will be in the future years. And it's really obviously bolstered by the Evoqua synergies.   Look, Q1 is 1 data point with our new leadership team in place here. But look, we're up 6% in volume and 1% in price. And I think that's a good beginning of what we're building here on the top line, and I'm super proud of our team's top line mindset. It's not a secret. I've been very vocal about our operating leverage and so of our investors, quite frankly. And so we want to make sure that we're driving profitable growth in expanding our margins. And again, Q1 is a good example of that. We're at roughly 60% almost incrementals on a pro forma basis.   And the thing Deane, I would leave you with, when we talk about some of the inward focus, it's really about we have to simplify our business to grow our business. And we're doing both. And so that's really the mantra and the focus. And from a capital deployment standpoint, we'll get into more into that here in a few weeks, but we're going to be focused on high-growth markets with accretive margin and we're going to be more consistent in our capital deployment. And we've just wrapped up some value mapping work that's going to inform where those opportunities are. So we look forward, and the team looks forward to sharing that with you and others here in a few weeks. 
Matthew Pine: No, that's a great question. I did mention that in my opening remarks about the first 100 days. We -- not this me, but we as a team feel good about where we are. And we believe we've got -- we had good momentum coming into 2024. We believe now we're continuing to build on that momentum that you've seen in Q1. We're executing on a great platform, which I just teed up with Deane here. I'd say we did not have a cold start, right? We didn't start this January 1 and figure out how to start turning the crank.   With [ COO ] last year, having the opportunity to kind of refine the strategic priorities is a part of our strategy session with the Board. And those themes were really around value capture from our Evoqua transaction. Simplification, not only in service of margins, but growth, which I just mentioned to Deane. And we're deploying that more systematically through the business through goal deployment. I'm really proud of what I'm seeing when I'm out and about with the teams, and scaling services. So that, I'm pleased to see the progress there.   Obviously, I'm pleased to see the progress on our Evoqua integration, both economically and the results we're seeing. But culturally, the teams are coming together and working fantastically, and we're seeing, obviously, momentum there.   I think the last thing that's most important to me is the how because you can have all these objectives and strategies and things you want to go do, but if you don't have the right culture, then it's hard to execute consistently. And so the work we're doing on our high-impact culture, our how, it started last year with our senior leadership team probably about a year ago this time. And we just engaged our top 150 in the organization at the end of last year coming into '24. And we're seeing great alignment. I've spent a lot of time on the road the past 100 days globally. And I'm really pleased about where we are, but it's a long journey. We have a lot of work to do ahead of us. But with that focus and intention, I believe we can achieve great things. So look, I'm happy where we are. We're not satisfied, but I think we're off to a good start. 
Matthew Pine: Maybe I'll let Bill open up on your orders question, I'll give us some commentary and color on the markets. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. So good momentum on orders in Q1. The book-to-bill was greater than 1 and backlog up 4%. And not a lot has changed. Demand remains healthy, Mike, in the majority of our end markets. And it's supported by a lot of the favorable drivers that we've been talking about around the secular trends. Government funding is trickling in globally across different parts of our coverage still a lot of resiliency in municipalities or utilities, OpEx and CapEx for that matter. I know that there's been questions about with rates, especially in the U.S. and in Europe with that slowdown, we're not seeing any slowdown. And you've seen with our results in the WSS segment this quarter, the durability of that business model. And I'm really proud of the M&CS team with their backlog conversion. We continue to win orders, though, and our orders are up year-over-year, and we've got good momentum there.   So I think a lot of what we talked about is said the same. The watch areas continue to be applied water. It largely was what we expected. We got a better second half comp, and we're working on some things in the business that I think we'll continue to improve performance there. Yes, so I think that would be my commentary on where we are right now from a demand point of view. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. So look, we did announce $140 million when we did the deal. So it is a little bit more than $100 million. Look, we're running to a target much higher than 140. And we're going to land the plane for sure at 140, and we're going to make sure that we put that upside probably somewhat to the bottom line, but also somewhat investing in growth. It's probably a mixed bag of whatever the overage would be -- would kind of fall half to the bottom line and half the top line growth. It's easy when you do these deals to look at cost synergies and they're on paper and they look like, okay, they're easy to do, they're procurement, back office, they're lift and shift factories. It looks pretty straightforward, but there's a lot of work that goes into this and a lot of tracking. And I'm really impressed, Scott, of the capability that we have built through this transaction. And that's only going to help us as we go forward and deploy more capital in the future.   So I think we're tracking well, we're going to deliver above [ 140 ], and we're going to use that to help continue to expand margins, but also to fuel growth in the future. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. I think you hit the first one. It's culturally, and I think we're making good progress there. But you've heard me talk about simplify water. I think that's what it boils down to. Over the years as we've built this incredible platform, we have had some complexity conspired against us to some extent. And you can see a little bit of that in our margin profile. So it's not that we're going to be like super inwardly focused, but we do have to focus inwards so we can better serve our customers and our colleagues. And that's where we're focused. It's just making it simple to do business internally at Xylem as well as for our customers, so customer-backed mentality. 80/20 is one tool to do that. There's other tools that we're leveraging.   But I think putting this finer focus on what I would call the commercial execution of our business, which has probably been the area that we haven't focused enough around customers and product SKUs and things of that nature really just to simplify the business is the mantra, and I think it's going to pay big dividends for us going forward. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. I'd say it's largely what we thought. If you look at the prior Q1s, we're up 10% in each 1 of those. So it's a tough compare. But it's our most cyclical segment, we do continue to expect low single-digit decline this year. It's kind of in line with what we planned. We did, to your point, have good Q1 orders performance. There were a few larger projects in that, that are a little bit out in the future. So it's not something that's book and ship. It's more of future projects. But we do continue to see soft markets, especially in Europe and emerging markets is where our orders were down. Obviously, we're watching developed markets as well, but obviously, Europe plays into that. But our really weakness in Q1 was emerging markets and in Europe for Applied Water.   The comps continue in Q2 to be difficult, and we're closely monitoring the funnel, and leading indicators on Applied Water. But look, we feel good about the business long term. It's just a little bit of a headwind in the first half. It will resolve itself in the second half. And we've got a lot of initiatives in place to reduce complexity and redeploy that effort in growth, and we feel confident about that going forward. 
Matthew Pine: Yes, it's the latter. It's slow, steady race. Look, we're glad to see the rule be final. Now we have some clarity on the rules of the road, the time line. Look, I'm really proud of our teams in providing clarity just 24 hours after the final rule on LinkedIn Live that really shows that we're customer-centric, we're focused. We're being a leader in the space to educate our customers. But again, to your point, this is a long journey. It will take time for the impacted utilities to comply. They've had 3 years for testing, 5 for PFAS removal, and that's a little bit longer than we initially anticipated in terms of when they need to be compliant. And we're really well positioned today and ready to partner with utilities on PFAS and other emerging contaminants for that matter.   One thing I don't know a lot of people -- if a lot of people know this, we have over 80 PFAS installations that we've done over the years, and we have long-standing relationships and really a differentiated offering through our service capabilities for our customers. And maybe the last thing I'd say also is we do continue to work on destruction technology. Obviously, the capture technologies out there, it's commercially viable, but there's still work to do when you capture the PFAS, how you destroy it. And so we've got a lot of great work going on with our combined company now and our Innovation Labs team to get after that solution. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. I wish I could turn and stick on that hose nozzle and make it go a little faster, but look, it's -- I've been pretty consistent about this, whether it's in the U.S. or other markets, U.K., in Europe, with their funding. It's just going to be a slow drift and it's going to drip in and really help support our market growth over the next 3 to 5 years. And so that's how we continue to look at it. We don't have a big jump in our long-range plan in terms of incentives or subsidies that are coming in. So it's just going to trickle in and be kind of a layer on top of the market growth. And that's how we look at it. 
Matthew Pine: Yes, I do. I think first with our Idrica platform is a great entree into that. There's a lot of opportunities to leverage the Idrica platform to help visualize that data through AMI systems. So that's a big focus area that we're working with utilities on across Europe and across the globe, but especially Europe. And you're right, there's a lot of funding in Europe and in the U.K. with the AMP cycle in the U.K. on non-revenue water. And also, there's a lot of focus on analytical instrumentation, especially out in the environment where they're holding polluters liable for contaminated water. So we see a great opportunity on smart metering and analytical instrumentation in that region with an overlay of our Idrica partnership and platform. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. So -- we're -- obviously, we have the technology to capture through our acquisition with Evoqua coming together at Xylem. And we have over 80 PFAS installations to date. Actually, we just had 1 written up in Newsweek, I believe it was Newsweek a month or so ago up in Maine, where we were capturing PFAS from a well that they had dug to serve the increasing population. So we've got proven technology on the capture side. Where the innovation needs to happen and get to commercial liabilities on destruction. And then sensing, we can sense and bring it to a lab and get the sensing part of PFAS, but need to get sensors that can be in real-time flow. So those are the areas on destruction and real-time sensing whether it's innovation needed and our teams are working on that through our innovation labs. And with the 2 teams coming together from a legacy of Xylem and Evoqua, we believe that we can move faster and obviously spend less money getting there. 
Matthew Pine: Yes. I mean, look, on the power side, we're excited. It's one of our high-growth verticals. You heard Bill talk about the big win, $130 million build on operate win in hydrogen. And so we see that energy mix shift driving lots of opportunity for us. Specific to data centers, I do think it is a growth opportunity. We're starting to see it. Actually, one of our examples. I won't steal the thunder here at Investor Day coming up in a few weeks is about the data center, where we have synergy win there. But it's currently a small part of our revenue, probably less than $50 million.   Data centers do need a significant amount of water for cooling and many of them are being built in water-stressed areas, putting a lot of pressure on water resources. So we have a lot of solutions to help them from comprehensive treatment solutions to enable reuse. We've got obviously outsourced services for water management to help as well. So we do believe it's going to be an opportunity for us. It's probably not like maybe some of the other coverage that you folks have, but it definitely will be a tailwind. 
Matthew Pine: Well, we'll wrap it up there. Thank you for your questions, and thanks to everyone who joined today. We hope to see many of you either in person or online at Xylem's Investor Day on May 30. And we look forward to sharing further insights into our priorities and strategic direction then. Until then, all the best. 
William Grogan: Yes. And Deane, maybe just to that project. I mean, great win by the team. It's a $100-plus million 20-year outsourced water project to support a large hydrogen plant investment with 1 of our key customers. Obviously, there's an upfront revenue recognition over the first 18 months, and it's about 1/3 of it and the balance will be recognized over the next 20 years.   So excited about that. Sticky recurring revenue that, that project will provide. The team has got a really strong funnel of large opportunities that continue to work through, and we look to see continued wins as we progress through the year. 
William Grogan: Yes. No, Bryan, I'll take that one. I'd say [indiscernible] team delivered an outstanding quarter. Obviously, EBITDA margin is up 550 basis points with almost 50% incrementals. That team has been on a journey over the last few quarters, dealing with some pretty significant external challenges relative to the supply chain. And then internal challenges to ramp up production levels that they haven't been able to realize historically to deliver for their customers to make up for that past due backlog. They drove significant labor and material productivity to drive efficiencies to increase our output. They went out with incremental pricing, price cost negative for a while. They're back to price material cost positive. It took restructuring actions to address some underperforming parts of the business just to build a stronger financial foundation that they're now leveraging extremely well with this incremental volume.   The first quarter was a bit higher than our original expectations as I did see a little bit better mix towards North American water meters. We think that mix holds plus or minus here in the second quarter, but do see some unfavorable mix impacts in the back half as some lower-margin projects, especially in the energy space ship and that mix normalizes a bit. But we're really encouraged with the teams on momentum that they'll exit the year at record margins. They've started their 80/20 initiatives. So they're just in that phase, which I think will produce additional tailwinds as we exit the year. So really happy with their performance. I think it's -- we probably won't see as big of a step up as we progress through the year. It's probably more normalized now. It's just the strength there in the first quarter, but volumes will slightly sequentially increase as we go through the balance of the year. 
William Grogan: Yes. I think, obviously, price capture has been a focus with rising inflation. We're going to talk more about that at the end of the month, just a new approach to strategic pricing. I mean, I think for us, it's really -- we're looking to offset our material inflation with price and then let productivity handle the balance of indirect and SG&A inflation and fund our investments. I think the teams have got the operational productivity down, and now it's for us just to continue to refine and our process relative to value capture for the products that we offer to our customers.   We were price cost positive. We're looking to really manage that spread going forward, and that's really the target of the teams. 
