Phil De Sousa: Thank you, Brandie. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Xylem’s second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Decker; and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Shashank Patel. They will provide their perspective on Xylem’s quarterly results and discuss the full-year outlook for 2015. Following our prepared remarks, we will address questions related to the information covered on the call. For those participating in the Q&A, I’ll ask that you please keep to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue so we will have enough time to ensure everyone the opportunity to ask a question. We anticipate that today’s call will last approximately one hour. As a reminder, this call and our webcast are accompanied by a slide presentation, available in the Investors section of our website at www.xyleminc.com. All references today will be on an adjusted basis unless otherwise indicated, and non-GAAP financials are reconciled for you in the Appendix section of the presentation. A replay of today’s call will be available until midnight on August 13. Please note, the replay number is 1800-585-8367, and the conference ID is 74050051. Additionally, the call will be available for playback via the Investors section of our website under the heading, Presentations. With that said, please turn to slide two. We will make some forward-looking statements on today’s call, including references to future events or developments that we anticipate will or may occur in the future. These statements are subject to the future risks and – at future risks and uncertainties, such as those factors described in Xylem’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Please note that the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, and actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated. Now, please turn to slide three. Now I’ll turn the call over to our CEO, Patrick Decker.
Phil De Sousa: And Ryan, this is Phil. Just we also saw an uptick in the quarter, particularly from our wastewater pump division, and Patrick’s comments earlier I think with regard to the public utility market, and we did actually see strength there as well. But the industrial wastewater pump market also was up quite significantly in the second quarter.
Phil De Sousa: Hi, Tristan. This is Phil. That information we don’t typically provide, but if we get a sense, just as a reminder, the Applied Water division is very much so a book and ship business and so you can pretty much approximate the same to a geographic profile – application profile as the revenue organic profile – organic growth that we highlighted earlier today. As far as the organic order growth for Water Infrastructure, perhaps I’ll just leave you with a thought process so that we are seeing an uptick in orders on the treatment side, both the U.S., Europe, and we continue to see – if you had continued healthy growth on the emerging market side.
Phil De Sousa: And this is Phil. I just add. It’s not that we want to exclude obviously portions of the business from our results because it’s now already behind the diversified portfolio. But if you did take aside the oil and gas related say, deep water and rental branches out of the equation. We’re seeing very solid growth, in all the other branches, and I think that plays into the diversified application expertise of our Godwin business here in the U.S. and more broadly speaking across the globe.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Shashank. As we move past the midpoint of the year, I’m pleased with the progress the team has made, particularly in terms of their continued focused execution. While we are weathering some near term market challenges, several areas of the business have delivered solid growth. Importantly, we continue to advance our strategic agenda. And I look forward to updating you in more detail on that agenda at our upcoming Investor Day. As a reminder, it will take place on Thursday, September 24, in New York City. At that time, we plan to outline our long-term growth strategy, which will include organic and inorganic growth plans, our continuous improvement agenda, as well as our capital deployment framework to drive shareholder value. It will also be an opportunity for you to engage directly with my leadership team. We will share more details on the agenda in last August. And, now operator, we can begin the Q&A session.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Deane, yeah. So, let me give some overall commentary here. I would say, it’s a combination of both in terms of break in fix as well as some project activity there, that we see rebounding. When you take a look at what we’ve seen thus far, we’ve looked at about 2% growth in muni in the second quarter, about 2% to the first half of the year. We are seeing an acceleration in that area. We expect the second half of the year to be up mid-single-digits. And so we are seeing some acceleration there. It’s being driven primarily by both treatment and transport predominantly in the U.S., but I would say also as well as Europe, but Europe to a lesser extent than the U.S.
Patrick Decker: It’s a combination, but yes, we are seeing – we are seeing projects are getting released, again, it’s still a bit slow, but we also have seen an increase in the quoting activity as well as in our win rate on that quotes.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Good question, Deane. So, I would say first of all, you know through the first-half of the year and continuing through the second quarter and we expect this continue through the rest of the year. Pricing has is pretty been neutral. We had previously expected it be up about 30 basis points, 40 basis points, and right now, we’re seeing that being neutral across the businesses, but an aggregated number. When you take a look at the individual pieces of the portfolio. I would say we are beginning to see the supply demand mix work in our favor over time on the muni side of the equation. We haven’t seen that fully come to realization yet, but we expect that to be the case more in 2016 and beyond. As we see increase in demand, where we’ve seen the most pressure from a pricing standpoint has been predominantly in Applied Water and that’s in the well pump business, there where again it’s a soft market, tough competition. And so, we are taking a very disciplined strategic approach in that area. Obviously, we’re also working to put that pressure back on our suppliers by being more aggressive on the sourcing side. So we can mitigate any of that that pricing pressure that we’re seeing.
Patrick Decker: Yeah. This is gigantic that one. We actually saw a growth in the first half of 7% and there was – just give you destocking in the first half, primarily in the U.S. as well as we have strength in China. China was up in the high-teens. And what we expect in the second half, specifically in the U.S. a little bit of destocking going on as well as slower growth in China in the second half, driving to our – we’re calling it low-single digit growth in the second half versus the plus 7% we saw in the first half. I will say that we are quite encouraged by what we see happening in the commercial building sector. As you know, we’re heavily weighted towards the institutional side of that market. And we are seeing a continued recovery in that space.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, actually on the HVAC side, we did have significant product launches last year, as well as this year. So, we’ve seen some of the benefit of that for in the first-half of the year, and we expect to see the some additional products that will be launched in the Q3 time period of this year. So we expect to see continued strength from them – primarily driven by product launches.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, so good question, Ryan. First of all, we definitely will continue to see an uptick in the amount of new product launches. Obviously, we need to manage that in terms of, we don’t want to overload our sales teams with too many new products, but there is quite a bit in the hopper right now that we’re quite excited about. And we’ll be walking you guys through at Investor Day. Some of those exciting launches, and some of the key focus areas that we’re targeting, but the short answer is, yes, we will continue to see new products be a very integral part and critical part to our growth strategy. And when you look at our vitality index, it’s up to 18%. So this is something we’ve been working on for the last two years or three years, and it – continues to tick upwards. So that continues to be in focus, and our goal is to continue growing that, so the pipeline will continue.
Patrick Decker: Sure. So, yeah, as you said – obviously we’ll give more color at Investor Day and it’s a little early for us to predict given somewhat of the short cycle nature of the business here, but let me speak at a top level. I’m very encouraged by what we’re seeing particularly on the public utilities and the commercial side of the equation. And the fact that you’re looking at a sizeable increase in our backlog and shippable in 2016 and beyond. Again, we’ve seen more than a 50% growth in that in a total company wide basis. So that’s quite encouraging. I would say, so looking at from that perspective that all net-net is positive and probably positive up versus what I’d have been thinking previously. Having said that, the one big unknown that we’ve got obviously is how long this oil and gas weakness is going to continue and given the impact that has on our dewatering business, which is such a high margin business for us. So that’s really in my view the biggest wildcard right now, but everything else in net-net, I’m feeling more encouraged.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, I’ll start surely giving specific numbers here today and we certainly will be in a position to kind of layout what that overall target opportunity is and certainly at investor day, this is a multi-year journey that we’re on and we have obviously being going after the biggest spin categories and the most obvious spin categories things like castings for example and so I would say most of our progress thus far has been in those direct spin categories. There is still plenty of room for us to move there and certainly as we see growth in volume as we look into the out years just that increased level of volume and spend will continue to refresh and give us an opportunity to drive become savings there. Obviously indirect spend in some of the other categories of spending are areas that are still very rich and fertile for us to go after. But again, we’ll talk more about that in detail at investor day.
Patrick Decker: I would say that on the direct spend which we’ve been working on for many years we’ve captured most of that. On the indirect spend category where we had a big effort starting about 12 months to 18 months ago, there I think is where the biggest opportunity is, as far as the percentage, I’m not exactly sure but I think we have probably targeted at least 50%, 75% of the indirect spend categories. So there’s still, as Patrick said, there’s still more opportunity for that. Yeah, this is a multi-year journey and effort. So the buckets evolved, the level of spinning evolves and so, I’ll stop short of talking about a specific number or a percentage right now, but again we can get into that more depth on Investor Day.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, share repo, it continues to be one of the elements of our capital deployment framework. It will continue to be an important element of our capital deployment framework. Obviously, beyond offsetting dilutive impacts from equity grants, we do view repurchases as an opportunistic lever to return capital back to shareholders. Again, we’re going to update you in terms of what our outlook and what our plans are for that Analyst Day as well, but you can rest assure it will continue to be an important element of our framework.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so, the 40% decline that we talked about previously is in still line with our latest outlook and expectations as we talked about in our prepared comments. What you’re saying here in terms of us talking about further weakness there is really more of a broader industrial knock-on effect and the impact that has on some of our distribution partners. So our outlook remains unchanged, again 40% down year-over-year. In terms of whether that’s the bottom, I mean, it’s certainly we hope it’s still bottom, it feels like it’s the bottom. But I [indiscernible] anyone to make that projection just yet. So that’s why we’re taking a cautious approach here.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so from an overall capital perspective, I would say – and I’ll talk about this both in terms of true CapEx versus where we’re directing maybe our ongoing expense focuses well. Certainly we see the opportunity we’re executing on that in terms of investing more in a few of our critical emerging markets. And so again building some extra capacity in China to support the growth in demand there as well as certainly in the Middle East. We’ve approved an expansion there that I’d talked about it a little bit briefly in the last earnings call and that will be localizing our assembly in test capabilities and adding some additional feet on the street. We’ve been investing as a priority more in R&D to again drive our new product development pipeline, and again we’re quite encouraged by some of the opportunities there. And then I would say third, probably not big news if you are on the phone, simplifying our IT environment and reducing the number of systems that we’ve got and investing more in the IT implementations to support the frontend of the business is the third area, I would say a priority from a capital perspective.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Well, I may be pleased to hear this, because I won’t say, no comment. But obviously, as a general practice, we don’t comment on speculation or on others kind of move. But obviously being a flow control veteran and bound to space for a number of years, I think it is easier [indiscernible] . Having said that, it’s till fragmented and there are opportunities to consolidate in the space. There is more complexity behind that that meets the eye for many of the reasons that you pointed out. And so in terms of predicting what will happen, what could happen, I wouldn’t go further than that to speculate. Again, we remained focused on our strategy, and executing what we’re going to do. Obviously, deployment of capital towards M&A is going to be a very meaningful part of that. We’ll be sharing a bit more about that in terms of areas that are particularly interesting to us at Investor Day, and that will be a richer dialog at that point, Scott.
Patrick Decker: I am always cognizant Scott not to get too far ahead of my [indiscernible] , in terms of talking about share, but the bottom-line is, I’m very pleased by what I’ve seen through the first half of the year. When you take a look at our growth rates in our key end markets relative to what the underlying end market growth is, I think you see that most prominently, and again our pump business, you also see that I think to a meaningful extent in a number of our business, including treatment. But it’s – it’s too early to kind of declare that. It’s still a tough market. We’re – we’re using all the levers that we have at our disposal. But it does feel quite encouraging on behalf of the team right now. But again, we still got a lot of work to do to make this sustainable.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so we’ve – the team – I’ve been very pleased with what the team has done in proactively addressing this and we do expect to see benefits of the redeployment of a large number of our pumps to put them out for rent in some of the international markets. And so I think we are looking at this as a silver lining on the situation, because it does help us accelerate building out that international business. That takes time to get the pumps there to get them in place and ready to rent, and then obviously you’ve got to create demand. But we’re quite encouraged and optimistic about the opportunities there. That certainly will help us as we go into 2016 as well. Certainly, in terms of – do we think it’s the bottom, do we think it gets better from here. As I mentioned earlier, that’s hard to predict. I mean it feels like it. I think the team is optimistic that it is the bottom at this point in time. What I feel good though about is the again -the approach the team’s taken. And I do think that will help buffer relative to some of the other players in the marketplace.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, I would say, the bell is absolutely not loosen. I think, the – it is an issue of just continuing to apply good disciplined cost management and in constrain, as well as identifying further opportunities for cost reduction efforts. As well as we talked about, just the acceleration in our global procurement capabilities as well. As you’ve heard us probably say before I do think that the large majority of the opportunities that had been done thus far have been happening within the individual business units themselves. And to some extent, the function, the opportunity going forward here as we talk about the opportunity to simplify the company further, is really looking at things horizontally, from a company perspective, and as opposed to just within the unit themselves. Those are harder to get out, but that’s say a big part of the, what I’d call the self-help story in terms of margin expansion. The other point I note is from a productivity standpoint. Historically, the second half is stronger than the first half. And that’s just leveraging the incremental volume, we have that helps productivity as well as the whole fixed overhead cost issue. So if you look at even 2014 second half to first half, we had an improvement of almost $0.06 in productivity. So $0.07 is kind of in line with that with the additional actions, we’ve taken and the global procurement effort, we are accelerating this year.
Patrick Decker: And Brian, one element just to highlight, we’ve got some of that benefit already here in Q2. And so as you kind of think as we are trying to offset some of these unfavorable mix and we’re certainly ramping up the GSS activities, given the deflationary environment. We want to go back and certainly first half, with some of our suppliers, expecting of course that they will take some time to get a little bit of acceleration. So you should see more of that benefit come in to the fourth quarter.
Patrick Decker: It would be – we would largely be indifferent to that. So it would still be the same level of activity to be managed.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, so oil and gas is about, again oil and gas mining, that whole commodity play is about 15% of our dewatering revenue.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, I would say that, you’re right. Its primary oil and gas and mining, but then there is a whole bunch of other segments that get impacted by industrial, it’s the all other industrial category. And there, obviously, we just like the rest of the business in Applied Water, we were soft in the first half. In the second half, we actually have some projects that are shipping in the second half. So when you look at the second half versus the first half, first half was negative 1. Second half is projecting low single-digits. It’s held by the backlog that’s in there rather than improving market conditions in industrial.
Patrick Decker: No, sorry. It’s absorbed. I mean it’s absorbed in the revised guidance now that we’re giving you. And the way that you’ve read it is absolutely right. What we saw deteriorating further was in the oil and gas mining piece, again predominantly in dewatering. We did see some weakness through the first half in Applied Water on that broader industrial piece, but to Shashank’s comment, when you take a look at the second half of the year based on very specific projects and backlog and demand mainly in the Applied Water business, we expect a more positive outlook for the second half. When you bring all that together, it still ends up being flattish.
Patrick Decker: Robert, that’s right. So I think the key point to bear in mind here, and perhaps, we could probably made this a little bit clear in our prepared remarks or in original Q&A. But the expected carryover savings this year is a bit lower, but you should expect the balance that $2 million, to $3 million that has essentially been reduced here. We’ll see that early part of next year, it’s more of a timing shift if you would in terms of when we’ll actually realize some of those year-over-year savings. We have one specific project that’s included in and it’s been delayed but it’s still on the docket, and will be executed by early 2016.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Well, thank you. Thanks, everybody again for joining us this morning, I appreciate your continued interest. We look forward to seeing you all at our Investor Day again September 24 in New York City. Between now and then, safe travels to all, have a good summer and we look forward to seeing you then. Thank you.
