Gretchen McClain: Please turn to Slide 11. I want to say a few minutes providing you with our strategic framework that guides and drives our decisions and actions. We will spend more time in our upcoming Investor Day on March 7 explaining this to you. But simply put these are our key goals and initiatives and from here we develop plans for change and ways to measure the change. It’s our business model to drive excellence throughout the business. In 2012, we made substantial progress putting a foundation in place as a pure play water technology company, taking it to the next level and positioning Xylem for the long-term requires a few things. First an incredible focus on delivering customer values. We price customer intimacy above all and working to meet customer needs and deliver the unique value as part of our company DNA. We will continue to deliver value across our portfolio, products and services and actively seek new ways to create more value to bring together our application expertise and integrated processes across the business to help solve the complex water challenges our customers confront. Through our Xylem Total Care program coupled with the benefits of the PIMS acquisition, we’re enhancing our aftermarket capabilities to protect and expand our large install base. Our applications knowledge gives us the ability to provide energy audits, system upgrades and solutions focused on reducing our customers total cost of ownership. Second, drive profitable growth. We are balancing growing our main lines of business with pursuing dynamic new opportunities, both through organic investments and our disciplined acquisition strategies. We will accomplish this by indexing and innovative offerings in high potential areas like smart products, energy efficiency and reuse, expanding our gross platforms, analytics and dewatering and extending our geographic position in the key markets, both emerging and underserved matured markets. And we will maximize revenue and profitability and carefully manage how we use our capital to invest in our business, balance risk and opportunity and return to our shareholders. Third, improve business sustainability. We are focused on continuously improving the efficiency and effectiveness in all we do, which translates into greater competitive advantage and builds a sustainable product goal of financial stability and flexibility. We will continue our focus on optimizing our cost structure. We plan to invest $60 million to $70 million in restructuring and realignment in 2013. As I discussed earlier, in Europe we are repositioning our business as well as talking other targeted actions to better position us in the future. And we are driving robust operating rhythms throughout the organizations. These changes will lead to achieving our goals and enabling innovations, agility and speed which are necessary to address the long-term market drivers of demand in the water industry. So let me set the stage for our 2013 guidance before I hand it over to Mike to walk through the details. Turn to Slide 12. This slide shows our revenue profile on a trailing four quarter basis since 2011 and highlights some of the key major drivers that have influenced our actual performance and our forecast for 2013. As the chart illustrates, we experienced strong growth in 2011 driven by the delivery of large project orders received in 2010. Strong performance from dewatering and analytical businesses acquired in 2010 and general strength across all end-markets driven by the recovering global economies. We started to see order rates for a large public utility CapEx project flow in the second half of 2011 impacting Public Utilities revenue growth in 2012. Compared to the strong performance in 2011, the U.S. dewatering business was impacted by drought conditions along with the slowdowns in natural gas related fracking activities. While European political and economies concerns made headlines in 2012, our European business remained resilient down only 1%. Like most other companies, we saw a general slowdown in the U.S. and European industrial markets in the latter half of 2012. Taken together this led to a flat organic revenue growth with a more difficult second half of the year. Looking forward to 2013, we expect the second cash flow down experienced in 2012 continue to impact the first half of 2013. Compared with relative prior year periods, we expect revenue will be down mid single-digits in the first quarter of 2013, down low single-digits in the first half of 2013 and up low single-digits through the balance of the year. We expect Europe to remain relatively stable and expect the U.S. to strengthen in the second half along with reacceleration in emerging market growth, this sequential improvement in underlying demand for our business as the year progresses. Please turn to Slide 13 where Mike will walk you through each of the end-markets and our 2013 guidance.
Gretchen McClain: Yes, Deane let me step back a little bit and we’ve been talking about our aftermarket strategy for quite some time. We’ve been spending enormous amount of time driving what we call our Total Care program is. And so in all of our businesses where we have a large install base, our sales teams have been working aggressively to make sure that we’re capturing the parts and services but also bringing advanced services where we can bring the broad portfolio of products that we have and our ability to going and do energy audits and so forth. What we get with PIMS is, one, some very nice processes. We also get a very talented group of folks that have a core competency that we can help train geographically our teams that are positioned very well. So we not only do we get a great position in the U.K. which complements where today we play in the public utility and 90% of their customer base is non-public utility. We also get a core competence of talent that we can actually use to help our teams geographically expand.
Gretchen McClain: Sure, Matt, let me first talk a little bit about what we’re trying to do in Europe. We’ve been positioned in Europe for quite some time, and as a separate independent company, we have not really been totally utilizing or leveraging our unique and broad capabilities as a total Xylem in the water industry. And so our objective here is to setup the headquarters, one headquarters, today we have three headquarters in Switzerland. We will be aligning our strategies around our end-markets that we go to and so couple of the restructuring actions will lead to consolidating multiple sales companies in one country. And we’ll be able to leverage our back office more efficiently and effectively. We’ll be able to set up shared services to support the teams across Europe. They have centers of [ph] excellence and ultimately be able to get some opportunity to leverage, manufacturing, our supply chain leverage, commodity-wise across the whole organization. So I feel like we’re going to be able to position ourselves to be able to work more effectively and efficiently in the market, but ultimately be able to bring more value to our customers. Mike, you can walk through the numbers.
Gretchen McClain: Good morning.Ryan Connors – Janney Montgomery Scott: I had a question in regards to foreign exchange, last year you all made a downward guidance revision based on the Euro and translation and given now strongly the Euro in particular has rebounded and look at the guidance assumptions, a little bit surprised that Forex has a little tailwind as it is in that 100 basis points, so you can just talk us through Mike, kind of the assumptions you’re making around currency and the Euro in particular? Thanks.
Gretchen McClain: So we’ve been making actions as we established Xylem, and so if you were to look at our Asian organization today, we have aligned around the Xylem organization across our Asian region. We’ve been making some moves in Europe, a couple of countries have already integrated and so that has been positive. And so we’ll be making actions. Europe is critical. It’s a market that’s challenged right now. It’s an important customer base. And so those are the first major steps. But I do feel overall we’ve got a nice alignment in the organization and we’re trying to take those big steps now to position ourselves for the long-term. We’ll give a little bit more color in March at our Investor Day but the big step is in Europe.
Gretchen McClain: Yes, let me talk a little bit about the fourth quarter dynamics. As we all saw the confidence level in Europe and some of the confidence level around the U.S. fiscal cliff, had people falling back high on their budgets. So we saw that both in Public Utilities and Industrial. In the Public Utilities, part of that was driven by some of the orders that were pulled forward in third quarter but we did see some pulling back. We’ve done a lot of discussion with our customers to understand what’s going online and what to expect going forward. We did see them extending some of their business activities not something we think is a trend or difficult and we also had some very difficult comparison in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, it was our all-time record fourth quarter in 2011 at $1 billion and a significant part of that growth was tied to treatment orders in the fourth quarter of 2011 – sales in 2011 which didn’t of course repeat. The good thing is we held some nice orders in the fourth quarter of 2012 around treatments so we are feeling good about that. Let me just come back in terms of the order rates we’ve seen, we’ve talked about bidding activities still being strong, bidding activity is still good, our pipeline or I should say our funnel is very full but there is not a significant change in terms of the release of those bids into orders. So see something happen in the fourth quarter, not sure that’s the trend. It’s too early to say that at this point in time and so we’ve not take that in. We think we’re going to still see that market very challenged going forward.
Gretchen McClain: Yes, let me comment. On fourth quarter we saw $8 million from Sandy that came from both of our segments. The largest portion of it from dewatering business, the team did a remarkable job in executing and being there helping our customers. In terms of 2013, we all know that the Disaster Spending Bill has been approved, projects are being worked. We’re working very closely with our customers. I think we’re well positioned to be able to benefit when you look at the portfolio that we have, the expertise that we’ve got but again it’s early in the stages of those projects getting laid out that should be something that falls out later. So it’s tough to quantify 2013 impact at this point.
Gretchen McClain: I think you have two dynamics. The Public Utilities have been down in the CapEx expenditure for quite some time. They’re at low ends I think 60 years, that’s not changing. We don’t see any indication of that changing. That’s a big piece from the CapEx perspective. From the operational, OpEx side of the house, as I said we felt some dynamics so we pulled some things into the third quarter. We don’t think the aftermarket is a very strong market and given our large install base that we will reposition very well. I also think public utilities are looking at how they can reduce their total cost of ownership that again positions us extremely well to be able to bring solutions to help them take their costs down.
Gretchen McClain: So our acquisition pipeline is quite strong. We continue to cultivate a lot of different businesses as we know the water industry is quite fragmented and feel good that we have a healthy acquisition pipeline. And it’s working I mean we had three acquisitions over the last three quarters and we feel very good about that. I also felt very good about our acquisition strategy – our pipelines and integration process. Each one of our acquisitions that we’ve acquired are getting well integrated with the businesses, are performing quite well. In terms of evaluation, in the fragmented market you still have various different acquisitions. We have been looking primarily on bolt-ons, smaller, many those who are private companies and it varies whether you are going after a businesses in the services areas, sources whether you are at more of a high attractive value in the analytics or treatment area.
Gretchen McClain: Yes, so the water is two dynamics, two very significant dynamics. One an all-time drought in the U.S. which brought that down. And then the other area where we felt 2011 flow is the pickup that we saw in 2011 around the national gas fracking activities. The positive things about our dewatering, dewatering is well positioned in the U.S. We have been able to take that business model and expand ourselves in Australia, now into Brazil and we intend to take that business model into other regions around the world. We think that will ultimately be significant in terms of growth for us and also help cycles with their when you do have some kind of a drought activity. Overall our position in dewatering does serve many multiple different end-markets but we did see a spike in the natural gas which makes it tougher compare [ph]. But we were flat for the year.
Gretchen McClain: Sure. It’s a great question. Here is how I think about it, I mean the economy is down until the economy gets dressed in some of the key issues that we’re talking about in the U.S. and other areas it’s going to be a challenge area. Now that’s not stopping us ultimately in terms of strategically looking how we position ourselves in working with our customers to get after cutting, to reducing their operating costs so that they can actually invest in those areas. There are a lot of bills that are out there that are being kicked around and addressed. There are indicators that will say later this year or into 2014 you will see activity taking place, but right now the trends and the orders don’t reflect that. Our teams are aggressively investing in the right technology, so we are well positioned once that opens up.
Gretchen McClain: I would say one thing when I talked about our Vitality Index, we are getting a large percentage of our revenue coming from our new product launches which is a good indication that we have the right technology going into the market. I feel good about that. When I look at the mix, going into ‘13 we think our mix is going to be net neutral. You’ve got emerging markets that is pulling down and that’s an area that is growing and an area that we continue to expand in. Analytics and dewatering is positive.
Gretchen McClain: Yes, I just want to say thank you for joining us. It’s been a great year. We’ve got a great plan laid out. We are watching the economy very closely. We’re sizing our business to ensure that we’ve got the flexibility for growth. We’re driving of course for growth in our strategic activities. So if we did it and the market changes, that’s a positive thing that we will see in the future. I look forward to seeing you in our Investor Day on March 7. So thank you very much for your time.
Mike Speetzen: Yes, good question, Deane. We do quite a bit of work around the tax planning. As we have mentioned in prior discussions, we actually were fortune to take the tax leader [ph] that was at ITT with us given the global footprint that we have. So we’ve been doing a lot of work around the planning aspects. I think the key elements is this is a sustained tax rate improvement from some of the restructuring that we’re doing in Europe and we look at it as a great position not only the leverage, including other parts of our current portfolio but as we look to bring new acquisitions into the full that will give us a good leverage point in terms of doing some sustainability around further improvements in our tax rate.
Mike Speetzen: Yes, so Matt let me just kind of step back and hit some of the numbers. So in 2012, we executed about $17 million from a cost perspective of restructuring. We got about a $1 million of benefit in 2012. The remaining $12 million will be a benefit in 2013. Out of the $60 million to $70 million of restructuring and realignment, $40 million to $50 million of that is restructuring and we see that giving us a benefit in 2013 of about $13 million to $15 million. So think about the total restructuring benefit from actions done in 2012 as well as 2013 in a range of $25 million to $27 million. The payback period on these like we’ve articulated before given the fact that we’re focused primarily around Europe is going to be approximately two years.
Mike Speetzen: Yes, we’re essentially from an execution standpoint for the actions being done in 2013, pardon me, planning in Q1 execution in Q2 and then we’ll be looking for run rate savings to have achieved in Q3 and Q4.
Mike Speetzen: You bet. Euro is clearly the largest driver we have. In the guidance we used a $1.32. Rates have been trading at slightly higher than that, but just from a modeling perspective if you look back the average rate that we had during the 2012 time period is about $1.20. And so as we look at that, it’s about 1% pickup from a top line perspective. Obviously if the rate were to hold at a $1.35 you would see some incremental pickup. If anybody shot in terms of where the Euro is going to go, if you look at what the projections are through the balance of the year, the Euro is supposed to moderate some based on what they are projecting with interest rates but certainly if it were to hold at the levels it is today we would see potential upside from where we’re at today but again it’s all translation, it has a minimal a impact on the bottom line.Ryan Connors – Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, thank you.
Mike Speetzen: Yes, let me David take the one-time spin cost. Obviously at the time of spin we did our best estimate what do we take to effectively separate ourselves from ITT. When you look at the total amount of money that was spend to exit, the remaining $5 million that we’re talking about in guidance is relatively small. It’s not related to anything that we did not know about. We spent the better part of 2012 trying to make sure that we had a good effective strategy for the IT systems exit as well as exiting our current location for our new corporate headquarters. So it’s nothing that wasn’t anticipated. It was tough to put a number around it. At the end of the day we weren’t going to compromise an effective and efficient exit. I do not see anything beyond this, this effectively ends all the inter-learnings [ph] that we have with ITT this year. So this is the reason we pointed out is to ensure that as you think of the margin going forward it’s not an ongoing cost.
Mike Speetzen: Yes, so let me comment it from a couple of different angles, Matt. From a pricing point we’ve talked firstly about having a target of 100 to 200 basis points. We’re obviously entering a – continued to be in a tough economic cycle and pricing is going to be towards the lower end of that range versus this year we ended up at about 150 basis points. So there is going to be a little bit of headwind now although we do still see a positive contribution from price. But I think the slide we put together in the deck hit of the some key points, I mean first of all we’ve got a pretty substantial pickup from foreign exchange and acquisitions and while they are not dilutive from an EPS standpoint, they are not bringing any income for the most part to the bottom line and that ends up diluting the margins by about 40 basis points. The foreign exchange piece is more of a triangulation effect of the currency change. The acquisitions, it’s more of a short-term impact of the upfront purchase account and some of the transaction cost. The European realignment was a pickup from an EPS standpoint and drives a substantial portion of the tax benefit. We do have to setup infrastructure in Europe to support that. That’s a 30 basis point headwind. Now the good news is over time that’s going to give us a platform to drive future benefit to the business from an operating (inaudible) and then we’ve articulated really two of the – what I’d say is out of the norm adjustments, one it is the pension discount rate came down about 75 basis points and for us its about $5 million impact. And then the one-time separation costs which we’re about just really trying to make sure we exit the connections with ITT in the right way. And then if you look at our core operations, we’re doing a lot of the same things that we did in 2012, dealing with a low growth environment, we have very robust lean and sourcing initiatives and sure we’re driving productivity to not only offset inflation that give us a little bit of room to continue to invest in the key parts of our business and I think that’s a critical element is we have not backed off making sure that we’re investing in the future of the company. And then the restructuring savings obviously to that to help offset what is some headwind from the other cost increases that I had mentioned a little bit earlier.
Mike Speetzen: No, I mean we have a share repurchase program as we’ve stated in the past, it’s primarily in that managing the dilution from the equity programs. At this point we have a very robust acquisition pipeline and an ample supply of internal investments and our strategy is going to be to focus in those two areas and continue to reevaluate as time goes on.Stewart Scharf – S&P Capital IQ: Okay, thank you very much.
