Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. As we discussed this morning, we had a strong first quarter and we have solid momentum moving forward. We're well-positioned to deliver on our full year commitments while continuing to invest in our longer term growth initiatives. At the top line, we continue to expect to deliver full year revenue of approximately $5.1 billion to $5.2 billion. This continues to represent an organic growth rate of 4% to 6%. And as we previously stated, we expect our new AIA platform to add about 2% to our total revenue. Our continuous improvement efforts continue and our forecast is to generate about $160 million in cost savings for the full year. This result will keep us well on pace to meet our long-term target. These savings are expected to help fuel our operating margin expansion. Our adjusted operating margin is forecast to expand 60 basis points to 100 basis points to between 13.9% and 14.3%. This expansion excludes about 30 basis points of margin dilution from purchase accounting for acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to improve by 70 basis points to 100 basis points which would bring that to a range of 19.5% to 19.8%. At the bottom line, we continue to expect to generate adjusted full year earnings per share in the range of $2.82 to $2.97. This excludes integration, restructuring and realignment cost of about $35 million. Adjusted EPS growth is projected to be in the range of 18% to 24% for the year. And as Mark discussed, we expect to continue to generate solid cash from operations which will enable us to deliver free cash flow conversion of at least 115% in 2018. Anticipated capital expenditures are $190 million to $200 million. Now please turn to slide 11 and I'll walk you through our end market assumptions. Overall, our end market view for the full year has not changed materially from the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. While we did have a strong first quarter in certain end markets, we do expect that to moderate somewhat as we get into the second half of the year when we'll lap some tougher year-over-year comparisons. So let me quickly walk through our projections. Our utility end market is one in which we've seen continued strength, particularly in the U.S. and key emerging markets. For full year 2018, we continue to expect revenue to grow in the mid-single digit range overall and the smart meter market is projected to generate slightly higher growth, likely in the high-single digit range. We had a good first quarter in the industrial end market. Looking out for the full year, we expect a somewhat mixed environment, particularly in the emerging markets. There we expect markets such as China and India to continue to benefit from governmental spending, but that will likely be somewhat offset by softness in parts of Latin America. We continue to project industrials to be up low-to-mid single digits. We expect 2018 organic growth in the commercial end market to be in the low- to mid-single digit range. We see low but stable growth in the U.S. and some moderation from recent strength in Europe. Emerging markets should continue to enjoy solid growth due in part to increased government spending. And finally, in residential, we anticipate full year 2018 revenue growth in the mid-single digit range. We continue to see competitive dynamics in the U.S. market where demand tends to be replacement-driven and we have some tough prior year compares. But we also anticipate solid demand to continue in China and other Asia-Pacific countries, as well as Western Europe. Now please turn to slide 12 and Mark will walk you through more details on the outlook.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. Again, we had a strong first quarter and momentum is continuing, both in the end markets we serve and within our teams across the company. But it's only the first of four quarters and we take nothing for granted. We will remain vigilant in our execution and remain focused on best serving our customers. At the same time, we will continue to invest in our strategic initiatives, to fuel our longer-term growth to drive greater value for our shareholders. With that, operator, we'd be happy to take questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I'll go first here, Nathan. I think the – our read through on margins both in the quarter which came in a little bit light because of the mix of treatment, that subsides in the second half of the year, as does the impact of the FX transaction effect coming out of Europe. That subsides in the second half of the year. And I think the fact that we're getting ahead of the emerging inflationary pressure that we're seeing on some of the components and others, with price early in the year. We went out earlier this year with price increases in addition to what we'd already announced, so we could get ahead of this. And so when you rack all that up together, that's what gives us the confidence around the margin expansion for the full year. So, not concerned at all about margins.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. That's right. We saw a little bit in Q1. We'll expect to see a bit more in Q2, and then we see the full effect of that in Q3 and Q4.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Really, I mean the biggest piece of this, Mark can go through the details, I mean if there was one takeaway from the quarter, if you think about the higher revenue that we delivered above and beyond what we had guided to, that really was predominantly coming from some large treatment in emerging market project deliveries that accelerated into the quarter from Q2. Those came with lower margin because they're greenfield, they have great aftermarket profiles, but in the initial install they're lower margin and that impacted us alone by about 70 bps in Q1. And so, that gives you a feel for the magnitude of what we're talking about. That begins to subside. We have a little bit more of that in Q2, but we've got that reflected in our guide and then it really subsides in second half the year.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So, Deane, I think, it's hard to predict exactly what inning we're in but, I would say, it's the early innings based on what I've seen when I've been traveling there and when we take a look at our bidding pipeline, particularly, I would say, in India. Certainly, I think the only thing that could ever change that trajectory would be if there was a change in political administration and we're not getting any reason to believe that's going to happen. So, that's going to have a long tail to it because it really is being driven by the Smart Cities initiatives, as well as the Ganges River clean-up, as well as the connecting their population to treatment – treated water across the country. So, we've got a very significant pipeline there. The same in China. We continue to see, especially in the second- and third-tier cities, tremendous investments in water treatment there. We would be expecting those to be 30%, 40% on a regular basis. I mean, we're guiding there through our long-range plan of certainly low-double digit for those businesses. The Middle East, I think, is still very early in its recovery, coming out of the energy downturn. And so, we've seen that begin to recover quite nicely. That one in my mind is probably a little bit less predictable than China and India would be. And I just got back from South America. I spent a week there two weeks ago and was very encouraged by what I see especially in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, may be less so Brazil. So, I think we're in the early innings here, Deane, in terms of continued run for emerging markets.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. It has broadened. I mean, it depends obviously on what the application is. But generally speaking, you're talking about projects that we're able to cross-sell. The team has done a great job there of getting in, for example, maybe on an ozone job and then being able to pull through our flight pumps pulling through analytics on the water quality side. Just to give you kind of one example. But we also – that's one of the areas where we're seeing some of the best early activity on pilots for some of some of our new Sensus revenue synergies as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I think, it's – what I would kind of reply would be, the comments I had in my script initially and that was we're really making a new market here, Deane, as you can appreciate. You probably of anybody understands that the most in terms of, we're kind of really addressing new unmet needs and sorting through what is the best way to optimize the revenue generation out of this given the significant disruption possibly. It's going to be having and is already having to large CapEx spend. But certainly, the businesses as we see them today, we would expect these businesses to be growing double-digit consistently and that's just with the businesses that we have today. I mean, it's a small part of our portfolio, you're right it's an incubator. We're doing probably about $120 million right now of revenue, but we're going to see that grow exponentially and we're going to be adding to it in terms of new acquisitions.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. It's interesting you asked that question Deane. I haven't been out with a number of these customers whether it be utilities or whether it be the works departments because in many cases, as you know, it's not always the same entity in any given city that manages this issue. But the conversations I had, they were not seeing the EPA alleviating pressure. They may not be getting fined right now in immediate term, but the consent decree still hold. And one of the opportunities that we have here is obviously EmNet can actually serve as one solution to helping significantly reduce what that capital burden would be and working with the EPA to actually allow that technology to be used as an alternative. Regulatory is also only one driver in this area, as I know you'd fully appreciate. It's also the public nuance that utilities and works departments have to deal with when there is a storm water overflow situation. So, it is one of the biggest headaches that works departments have across the country. So, our customers see this as a long-term issue and I'm very confident that their needs are going to persist beyond one potential administrative change in policy.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Actually, I would say our issue was less of a project delay as much as it was just timing of projects. I mean, our orders were up 10% and that was coming from project orders coming in. We had a little bit of softness in the quarter, a little bit of that was weather. That certainly had some impact, but then you might say, well doesn't it have an impact on treatment, but it just depends on what utility you're dealing with, what location it is. I wouldn't read too much into that. We still feel very confident about looking at a mid-to-high single digit growth in our water utility business for the full year. I don't know, Mark, if you want to make a comment.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. If you go back to the – to go back to the fourth quarter of last year, we had double digit growth in that part of the business in terms of orders growth. So, it really is it can be lumpy in terms of the deployment from quarter-to-quarter, but this is not a long-term trend that I'd be concerned about.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I think, firstly, part of that is just the, again, the critical nature. These are mission critical applications and so obviously we want to be respectful of these, so we're not going to gouge them on price, but it's also more than utility. We're talking about each one of our end markets here. So, you also need to bring in the industrial part of the equation to this as well. When we go back and we look at previous periods of time where we were in an inflationary period, back then you're talking about kind of the 2011, 2012 timeframe. We were realizing quite significant price at that point in time well above what you've heard us talk about here in the last couple of years, and it was because there was an understanding that it is inflationary environment. Secondly, what we're finding especially in the pockets of business where we've been most successful to get price here most recently, it is where we brought much more innovative solutions to bear. So, when we've embedded more intelligence and whether it be energy efficiency, whether it be cost of use, it's part of a broader value proposition here rather than just an across the board take a list price increase.
Patrick K. Decker: And you take a look at the size of our installed base and the replacement nature of that, there's opportunity there that we're seeing on the repair and replacement side of the business to take some price.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. All in – to be clear, Walt. All in, our oil and gas and mining exposure both together roughly about 5% with mining in. But that's not the only piece of our dewatering business just to make sure that we don't confuse anyone there. I mean, dewatering is larger than that. It plays into also other industrial markets, muni and certainly what's been driving growth in that business also was during the middle of the downturn that team did a good job of diversifying beyond oil and gas and mining. Now we're getting the benefit of oil and gas and mining coming back. That's putting some pressure on our rental fleet, and there we're making the capital investments to support it.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I'd say we had a little bit of a lag recovery. We began to see growth in order rates in oil and gas and mining second half of last year. We did not see the pricing realization early on. But now the market is absorbing that price as, again, obviously I think ours and our competitors' fleets are tightening in terms of utilization.
Patrick K. Decker: The good news for us, Walt, is that at least in that part of the business which is really the business that is most exposed to euro-based manufacturing, pretty much all of our competitors are as well. And so it does not create a market share challenge or a competitive dynamic. And so, we tend to take the longer view here in terms of what we want to do strategically. We are and have been shifting some capacity to the U.S. That was just really to support the U.S. market growth anyway; it wasn't really being driven by currency movement.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, I think we're pretty well progressed on the localization efforts in China, India and the Middle East. I would say we're furthest in China. There today, we do about 90% – north of 90% of our revenue in the market actually comes from products that are localized. And we're obviously looking to get that as close to 100% as possible. Secondly is India and I would say India is just behind that at roughly about 80% localized and we would expect that to continue to grow. Middle East, we have local factory there. We had a greenfield that we opened up about two years ago. And I'd say there, we're still moving things into that facility and also we're ramping up the actual design locally as opposed to just the manufacturing of it locally. Then I would say there probably are opportunities as we look forward in a couple areas. One is I do think we're going to have an opportunity to do some further localization on the metering side, leveraging some of our footprint in those locations as we look to grow those businesses. And then secondly would be in Latin America. Based on my visit down there, there clearly are some opportunities that we're going to be exploring in a couple of key markets. Just got to find the right timing and find the right channels to market to support that.
Patrick K. Decker: It's pretty – I mean, we had a few large projects but it was pretty broad-based. I would say, if it's skewed anywhere, it's skewed heavily towards the emerging markets and that was mainly again in China and India. But there was pretty broad based growth in orders. I mean, we saw good growth in North America as well as in Europe. So, it was not a lumpy one-off. I mean there were some big projects in there but not a meaningful piece of the 27% that we quoted.
Patrick K. Decker: It's roughly about 40%. It ebbs and flows from quarter to quarter, but it's roughly about 40% all in. And that's if you throw in the impact obviously of the new Measurement & Control Solutions segment.
Patrick K. Decker: That's a good question, Jim (sic) [Joe] (58:33). Let me be clear, this is a team sport. So there's a lot of people and a lot of executives that are having these conversations. But what I would say to your point, the nature of the conversation very much has changed. So, a lot of these are me going out with the teams and meeting with the CEOs, the Chief Technology Officer, the CFO, for example, of a utility, but there are many other executives that are off doing these meetings as well. What's most important is the nature of the conversation has evolved. Before, we would be selling in, this was before the Sensus acquisition and certainly before the new AIA platform, we would go in, and quite frankly, it was more of a courtesy call. We were serving the wastewater side of the market, not very capital intensive other than large treatment plants, and they didn't have any headaches with our product. I'm not saying that overconfidently but it was not their top of mind issue. They were happy with what they got or they had issues they would share with me. Now, we're having conversations around their large capital plans which is what gets the CEO's attention and the CFO's attention, and we get to talk about what are their biggest pain points? What are the big headaches for them both from an OpEx and CapEx perspective? And it really is those pain points that I talked about in the opening around non-revenue water, the age and decay of their infrastructure, as well as headaches like storm water overflow, outdoor water, smart watersheds, et cetera. So, we leave them, we try to leave them to a process of discovery to say depending up on what their pain point is. We're pretty confident that we have a technology and a solution in the portfolio to then go do a pilot with them, and that's where we're really seeing the inflow of these pilots that I'm referring to not just on the Sensus side, but really the new AIA platform. So, it's early days, Joe, I mean I think we are evolving, we are learning a lot as we go. But it's a great – it's very different and great set of conversations with the customer to really understand what their biggest challenges are.
Patrick K. Decker: Joe, we also have flexibility in some of the planned investments in the back half of this year as well as in the next year that obviously we can throttle those as we need to. Obviously, we're not going to cut ourself short in terms of investing in growth of the business, but we've got some other incremental discretionary investments that we've held back on thus far just until we get a better feel for what the environment is going to be in the second half.
Patrick K. Decker: Middle East was up low-single digits. And I would say we had a little bit of softness in Latin America...
Patrick K. Decker: ...that would have – and a little bit in Eastern Europe, but they're quite small, so maybe all those together that gets you down maybe around flattish for the rest of emerging markets but I think our math would still show us with low-single digit growth in the rest.
Patrick K. Decker: So, Robert, we had a 16% increase in shippable backlog for that whole segment and we expect high-single digits in Q2 through the end of the year and that's based on some very specific project deployments, things that we've won previously that we're announcing for, so the Alliant deal, the Nicor deal, those kind of things that are out there. So, we've got quite a high level confidence on hitting those numbers.
Patrick K. Decker: We're not seeing the signs at this point, Scott, I mean, based on all of the indicators we see in our bid pipeline, all the conversations we're having across utility base. You are correct that over the long-term of the cycle, depending upon where that – it really depends on the pockets around the country that it's happening as to whether or not that resi expansion is impacting the need for greenfield expansion of treatment capabilities. So it really depends on where. We're not seeing it and we're not hearing any indications of that at all certainly in terms of the bid and quotations coming in to us.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So we're seeing – I would categorize it overall that especially in the emerging markets, I mean, I'll come back in North America in a moment and Europe, but certainly in the emerging markets, that's where we're probably seeing the quickest uptake on some of the pilots that we've been talking about because there, you've heard me say before and I don't mean to be kind of facetious about it, but the emerging markets in many cases don't have the basic infrastructure in place, and therefore, they're going to skip investing in dumb infrastructure. They're going to go right to smart infrastructure and they've got the money to pay for these things. And so, there are a number of sizeable opportunities there that we are very confident about. That's not to say that North America and Europe are great opportunities as well, especially with the AIA platform. We're seeing a lot of uptake there. That's where Pure already had a strong base as well as these other small start-ups that we brought into the fold, and we're bringing them channels to market that they didn't have before. So, I want to hold sort of talking about specifically size of deals just from a competitive standpoint and, again, we'll have more to share on that as we secure a couple of these and convert from pilot to larger project.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Consistent with what we disclosed last quarter, we're providing the seasonal profile of our business as well as highlights of our 2018 planning assumptions. For the second quarter, we expect sustained growth in the utility market in the mid- to high-single digit range. We expect industrial markets to moderate sequentially and return to low-single digit growth. We expect the commercial and residential markets to both continue to grow in the low- to mid-single digits. All in, we anticipate this will result in organic revenue growth in the range of 5% to 6%. We expect the contribution from the AIA platform to be about $30 million. We expect second quarter operating margins to be up 50 basis points to 80 basis points, this includes a 30 basis point negative impact due to purchase accounting for our recent AIA acquisitions. Our outlook also reflects an uptick in direct material costs from increasing global demand for certain materials in electronic components. Our procurement and operational teams have done a great job securing adequate supply and we expect they will continue to do so, but it is impacting cost. To address the impact of rising material costs, our commercial teams are in the market with price actions. We expect to see some realization in the second quarter and higher price realization in the back half of the year. Finally, please note the summary of our FX assumptions on this slide, which includes our euro guidance assumption, which remains at $1.21. In the second quarter, we expect year-over-year operating margins to be impacted by FX transaction headwind, similar to the first quarter and predominantly in our Water Infrastructure segment. We expect the year-over-year impact in the second half of the year will be minimal based on current FX rates. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Patrick for some closing comments.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. And Nate on the – yeah, the guidance is essentially the same. The purchase accounting amortization ticked up 10 basis points. That might be what you're thinking about if you exclude that impact, but it's essentially the same.
E. Mark Rajkowski: And we continue to ramp up productivity and cost savings as well. So, we've got good confidence in our ability to deliver those full-year margin targets, Nathan.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Nathan, I guess, yeah, it comes under the heading of no good deed goes unpunished. We've got exactly what we were looking for in terms of growing our position in those end markets and, as Patrick said, the project margins are a little bit lower. We're going to like the aftermarket margins a lot. But the impact that was probably 30 basis points to 40 basis points more because of that mix. In terms of the margin impact, inflation was – ran a little a bit harder than we thought. But obviously we got some nice benefits from volume leverage which offset a lot of that and also we performed better than – a little better than we were expecting on our productivity as well.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. I mean, it's timing of deployment of existing projects. I don't – the pipeline is very good. The order rates, we had 12% order growth in our water business in North America for Sensus. So, this is more of a quarterly phenomenon than it is anything that's long term.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Sure, Walt. It's about the scale, it's about 2% of our enterprise revenues. Dewatering had a very solid quarter. And just looking at oil and gas, they were up strong double digits. And in fact, I had remarked in earlier comments about accelerating some capital investment to build out our rental fleet to meet market demand. So, it's relatively small in the overall scheme of things, but it is growing nicely and we're investing to make sure we can meet market demand.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. There's a couple things that we can do and are doing. One is we do hedge the cash flow impact to that. But as currencies continue to rise, it's not 100% coverage. So that is one thing, and with the rapid rise in euro-based currencies that we saw the impact to that. The other that we can do and are doing is make sure that in the markets where those products are coming into, we again go after price to offset some of that higher cost. And the teams are out there, as we mentioned in our comments, taking price actions to address some of the uptick in cost inflation.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Jim. Sure. Right now, what we have seen and are continuing to see is significant procurement and savings around our continuous improvement Lean Six Sigma programs. What we have launched this year and are ramping up and we'll see some modest benefit at the end of this year, but significant benefits into 2019 and 2020 is our global business services program where we're looking to standardize our platforms and processes and tools across finance, HR, procurement and IT. So, that is all in front of us and those are substantial programs.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Services is bumping that up a little bit. And the transport, Jim, the transport aftermarket was up double digits there. So, that was where we saw some good help.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Well, yeah, I think we're going to continue to drive our productivity programs or actually perform a little bit better than what we had expected and planned in the first quarter and the teams are doing very well there. But as inflation ticks up, we need to do a better job in getting price in the marketplace to cover that. So I think that's really what we need to be pushing on.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. On that one, I think there's a bunch of components right? The first is when you just think about Sensus which is the biggest piece of that segment. In the first quarter, they grew at 6% but we do expect that to ramp up in the second quarter and over the back half of the year to high-single digits. We've got pretty strong backlogs there. We – also on the test side we're a little bit light, we are in low-single digits and that ramps up as well. So, the next three quarters are bigger than what we see in the first quarter. So, we're confident that we'll get to that higher revenue.
E. Mark Rajkowski: We'll take that offline. I mean, we've, I think, laid out pretty clearly what that margin delta was year-over-year. The biggest driver was volume, okay? And that was 170 basis points, 180 basis points. And we also saw significant improvement from productivity that was roughly 40 basis points. Then you had mix was roughly 70 basis point hit year-over-year and we've talked a lot about that. And obviously inflation was 220 basis points. So, those were the big drivers, the other that we mentioned briefly was a little bit of a headwind, relative to transactional FX. And obviously, we continue to invest in our business as well. So, I mean, those are the components. I don't think there's anything that's changed in terms of the model.
