Patrick Decker: Thanks, Mark. As we discussed we entered 2018 with solid momentum. We are confident that this momentum and the initiatives we continue to invest in are advancing us to our long-term growth in earnings targets. At the top line we expect to deliver full-year revenue of approximately $5.1 billion to $5.2 billion reflecting organic growth rate of 4% to 6%. Pure will add approximately 2% to our reported 2018 revenue. Our continuous improvement initiatives will continue to generate savings which we expect to total about a $160 million in cost savings to the full-year. This is a 10% year-over-year increase and will keep us well on pace to meet our long-term target. Our adjusted operating margin is forecasted to expand 60 basis points to 100 basis points to between 14% to 14.4%, this excludes about 20 basis points of margin dilution from acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to improve by 70 basis points to 100 basis points which should bring that to a range of 19.4% to 19.7%. At the bottom line we expect to generate adjusted full-year earnings per share in the range of $2.82 to $2.97, this excludes integration, restructuring and realignment costs of about $35 million. Adjusted EPS growth is projected to be in the range of 18% to 24% for the year. Finally, as Mark discussed, we expect to continue to generate solid cash from operations. This will enable us to deliver free cash flow conversion of at least 115% in 2018. This contemplates anticipated capital expenditures of $190 million to $200 million. Now, please turn to slide 13 and I'll walk you through our end-market assumptions. Public utility constitutes about 47% of our revenue. We are entering 2018 with solid momentum in this end market and we continue to see indicators of sustain growth particularly in the U.S. and key emerging markets. For 2018, we expect revenue in public utilities to grow in the mid-single-digit range overall. The smart meter market is projected to generate slightly higher growth in the high-single digit range. Industrial end market revenues represent about 36% of revenue. Here we continue to see a mixed environment. The light industrial markets specifically in the U.S. and Europe are solid and we see the oil and gas and mining sectors continuing to improve. That will be balanced by mixed conditions across the emerging markets where strength in China and India which are benefiting from increased government investments will be somewhat offset by softness in parts of Latin America. As a result, we projected industrial to be up low to mid single-digits. Moving to the commercial end market, which makes us about 12% of our revenue, we expect 2018 organic growth to be in the low to mid single-digit range. Here we see low but stable growth in the U.S. and some moderation in Europe which is coming off of more than two years of strong growth. We expect to see some strength in the emerging markets where the Smart Cities initiative in India and solid growth in China continues to drive demand. We also anticipate greater success in winning larger projects in the Middle East now that we are able to produce products locally. Finally in residential, about 5% of our revenue, we anticipate full year 2018 revenue growth in the mid single-digit range coming off of particularly strong growth in 2017. We expect the competitive dynamics to continue in the U.S. where demand tends to be replacement driven. We do anticipate a continuation of a solid demand we've been seeing in China and other Asia Pacific countries as residents seek a secondary clean water source. Now please turn to slide 14, and Mark will walk you through more details on the outlook.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Mark. 2017 was a strong year for Xylem. We delivered on our financial commitments and made significant progress on each of our strategic priorities. Our teams are executing well and that is manifesting in stronger results in both the top and bottom line. I'm very pleased with the momentum that we've been building across the business. With a growing portfolio of smart solutions, we are forging deeper customer relationships, becoming a value partner and not just a supplier. We are in a very strong financial position fueled by excellent cash generation. This will enable us to continue to deploy capital in smart ways. We understand what our customers' challenges are and where we can create the most value in their operations and for Xylem. That's where we will continue to focus our innovation and M&A activities. We look forward to continuing this progress in 2018 further strengthening our performance and advancing on our 2020 objectives. Now operator we can open up to questions.
Patrick Decker: Sure. So Nate I'll -- maybe I'll talk directionally as to where we are investing and so forth and timing of that and then I'll let Mark speak specifically to the rate of investments that we saw in Q4 and what we expect for '18. I think directionally what we're seeing here is we've made good progress. The teams have identified specific areas of investments to drive the synergies with respect to leveraging the Sensus technology and those new offerings to market. Two, we've seen opportunities to increase our investments in emerging markets and accelerate those growth investments as we focus on localization. And I would also say that we have made some good investments in building out some of our marketing capabilities as well, especially around our vertical marketing efforts. So those are a few examples. Obviously as we turn to 2018 we are not planning -- I mean if you look at our long-term targets we put out last April at Investor Day we are not looking at any kind of increases in investment levels above what we laid out there. A lot of this is timing within any given quarter depending upon how we thought about the performance to the business. But Mark you want to comment on specifically [dollars].
Patrick Decker: To close out on that one, Nate, I wouldn't read anything into the kind of spike there in investment levels in Q4 as to any change and view on our investment strategy or our margin targets of the company. It's simply timing from anyone quarter or year to the next.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so as I've said before we've got pilots going in a number of locations around the world, the customers that obviously will remain nameless here for competitive reasons. But -- and we really are looking at capabilities or opportunities to leverage the Sensus technology from a comps perspective and a data analytics perspective and to the wastewater sector of the market. We talked about energy efficiency along the wastewater network as well as now we have the opportunity also to marry our capabilities within Sensus on the AMI deployment piece along with what we already have in the Visenti with Pure and Emnet to build out an even stronger offering there, not just in non-revenue water, but also as we go after one of the big [pain] wins at our utility customers space and city space and that is combined to overflows. The whole storm water overflow challenge is a big issue. So, now we see an opportunity to even augment some of the pilots that we're already doing by bringing in these other capabilities. So, I think you should expect to begin, to hear about some of those wins here, I'd say in the early middle part of 2018 and that really begins to ramp at least in terms of project wins later this year into 2019. Those projects and they are not turn to revenue in 2018, but they are a longer lead time, but I would certainly be expecting to be announcing some significant wins there this year.
Patrick Decker: Well, I mean each one of these projects and offerings are going to be unique. There is not a one size fits all, and so I wouldn't look at it -- I don't think the measurement is going to be so much, there is going to be a run rate of a product offering or technology offering. I think it's going to be when are we at a point where we got a steady stream of contract wins and revenues coming through on that. And I would say certainly late this year is the expectation. Doesn't mean we are not going to get any before then. But I think in terms of being able to say we're there now and we actually have an established offering that we're able to use reference account wins to win other projects [indiscernible]. Best thing about winning big projects is you win more big projects because of the reference and so that's the aim here.
Patrick Decker: I would say Deane, a couple of things I would add, so you are right that you asked the question about incentives as well. When I made a comment a couple of years back about us underperforming, one of the changes that we made at that point in time was to simplify our annual incentive plan and to broaden the scope population of people that were in that. And one of the three metrics that we have; obviously one is organic revenue growth, the other being our operating expenses income targets. But the third was working capital as a percentage of revenue. And I would say it took -- and it is often times the case it took a good year or so for that to sink in and for the organization to really understand the levers that they could pull to drive that and the impact. And I would say where we've really felt good this year was really in the second half of the year. They are really seeing to be a pivot across the organization in terms of things come together and the part of that was driven by us bringing some talent over from [2015]. Since it's been a terrific job historically because they had a crisis years ago in terms of having to deal with working capital and cash and to transfer those learning's has gone a long way. And I think the new frontier for us beyond what Mark laid out is as we bring more and more of this longer term contract mix into our portfolio on the smart water solutions our customers are usually willing to give you some payment upfront to really finance that. And so I would expect a mix of our revenues to be favorable there in terms of working capital.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so I would and this is a big compliment to the Emnet team that in terms of what you've shared there. And we love the team, we love what we've seen there. I would almost view them as an equivalent of the Visenti of wastewater and storm water overflow. They've got a terrific distributed sensing capability and data analytics capability to really help cities and municipalities both predict and deal with surges around storm water overflow. So, as you are well aware and you would have heard there being heavy rainfall, snow melt, a variety of things cause serious systems overflow and exceed the capacity of the wastewater treatment plant or they run-off and they directly flood rivers and streams and so forth. So, again Emnet provides this predictive analysis capability that helps the -- again the wastewater part of utility better design and prepare for those kind of events. We see that -- as you will know they have a number of these contracts underway across the U.S., but they are really just getting started. South Bend was their origin, these guys [can add another dam] to address that. And we really think that this is a great opportunity for us to leverage our channel to certainly not just here in the U.S., this is an issue that we deal with around the world. And it really is a new market.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yes we've -- one of the things we are really excited about here is the opportunity to have I am sure many of you have had a chance to meet and work with before, I really as I said in my prepared remarks they have been instrumental with myself and the team here and Colin and others too really kind of architect what this platform needed to look like based upon our value mapping of our customers a few years back. And so, I would say we already knew going into the acquisition of Pure and Emnet, we had a pretty good idea of what those pain points and our gaps were, so we already at a growing pipeline of things like Emnet and we've got a number of others that are out there that we are quoting right now. I would say that what I'm even we're excited about is, Jack Elliott, the CEO of Pure, has agreed to stay on with me as the Senior Advisor to myself, to Al and to Colin to really help us architect even further, what this broader universe of opportunities can look like as we drive even more of a complicated approach towards the utility. So, while we think we've got a pretty good view on that, obviously the ability to get in there with these customers and further explore what their pain points is really just kind of inform further what that pipeline looks like. So, there is more to come, Deane.
Patrick Decker: I think that Mike, that if you -- and maybe to tie that back to what we're guiding to for 2018 and kind of what the cadence looks like over the course of the year, bear in mind that certainly Q3 and Q4 were a little bit easier compares to the previous year but they were strong in terms of order and growth overall. As we look at '18, I would say the way it shapes up is kind of 5% to 6% in both Q1 and Q2 and then probably moderates to 4% to 5% in Q3 and Q4 just because you get a little bit tougher compare at that point. But I think what we felt good about with those orders that go out to 2019 as well as the fact that when you look at our bidding pipeline and our treatment business looks, we've always uses a proxy for the health of the bidding market that continued to grow year-over-year. It is up north of $2.6 billion now in terms of bidding pipeline. So all indicators of that we are still well in -- we are still kind of in the early to mid-stages of this cycle of recovery and don't really see any signs there of any softening or weakness.
Patrick Decker: No Jim I think that's right, I mean I think what I believe to earlier was I think the good indicator for us this year is we're definitely going to have revenue synergies that comes from Sensus, while revenue synergies that are coming also from the Pure transaction and the new platform we are building here. But I mean the real strong indicator is going to be what are some of the big project wins and order momentum that we have that we can talk to later this year and as we exit 2018 going into 2019. So not aware -- not counting on the revenue there, but that's not really reflected in guide for this year. I'm really focused more on what the order rate, momentum and the contract wins are as we get later in the year.
Patrick Decker: Yes, so I'll certainly give you my thoughts on that. I mean if you look at what happened in certainly 2017 and the fourth quarter, we had a lot of strength in China and across Asia Pac. We also had some share gains in Europe in some of the new products that we rolled out there. I would say growth in the U.S. is flattish in the fourth quarter but it was strong for the full-year. What happened I think to the full-year was you get that Asia Pac, Europe growth that's being driven there by domestic expansion, but it was also we've had some disruption as you all know in the competitive dynamic here in the U.S. in terms of one of our competitors buying our distributor and that created some disruption in the marketplace that our teams were successful in taking advantage of quite frankly and that got us nice path for 2017. We do see all that moderating as we go into 2018 but we expect here to be at least solid market growth in '18, I wouldn't be calling share gains in '18 it really is more of the market growth here predominantly in the U.S. and Europe.
Patrick Decker: I would say there is nothing that has been achieved to date that we would explicitly call out as Xylem driven synergies. Now have there been cases where there is perhaps a bit of a halo effect in terms of winning some contracts and bids, perhaps, but the things that we call as a revenue synergy are going to be very explicit in terms of bigger deals that the team either wasn't even looking at before or were but didn't have the relationship and then some of these new offerings to the market that we've talked about earlier with Dan in terms of leveraging the Sensus technology across the portfolio. Those areas we continue to remain very confident. We get a regular tracking here each month from the team in terms of what those look like where they stand and those are not reflected in the Sensus growth rate to date nor are they reflected in the guide that we've given you for 2018.
Patrick Decker: I would say as I look at that sector right now I wouldn't -- as I look at it today things can obviously change. I wouldn't say that consolidation of the metering sector is a high priority for us. I think that the moves that have happen here, I think are good for the metering sector, I think it's a healthy move in terms of that consolidation. There are a lot of players in the space, but certainly when we look at our core offerings and what we're focused on, we don't see it really having a meaningful impact, if anything its net positive for us. But again I wouldn't see us being a major consolidator in the metering space as I look at it today in terms of what our overall priorities are for growth.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so look we're going to continue to be strategic and our focus around M&A. Obviously, everything we do from an M&A standpoint really needs to tie into what our overall growth strategy is, not just for the sake of going and getting bigger or doing something. And so, I take us back to what I laid out at Investor Day last year in terms of the three focus areas; one being obviously building out the kind of smart infrastructure component. Two, was looking at the opportunities over time do expand our presence in the industrial part of the water sector. And then the third was where necessary obviously we would defend our core franchises here in terms of any consolidation necessary there. In terms of capacity, we certainly have the financial capacity to be able to do this. We have the management capacity to do things of larger scale. But right now we really are just focusing in on integrating what we've got here, building out even new capabilities and really kind of again in my view hopefully establishing a first mover advantage in some of these spaces. So, that's where our focus and attention is right now, at this point in time Joe. Again, we'll continue to look at things in this space as need to and as they come along, but nothing specific that we're looking at right now of size and scale.
Patrick Decker: No, I wouldn't say it's shifting per se. I mean in my view it just we've -- these things take some time. We are talking I'm thinking more run rate to this point in time in terms of contract wins. Look we are going to get some revenue synergy here in 2018. We will be clear on mapping out what that is, but we're still I would say not in the early stages but we are still in the stages of pilots on a number of these areas. And that the pilots and these large deal efforts that we are going after -- I talked to you before about the dozen or more large international deals that we were pursuing those things shift around. They take time. There is a lot of investment upfront that we have to do in those areas in terms of time and resource. So, look I hope that leads at much if not more comes through this year. But we didn't feel it prudent necessarily to explicitly build that into our guide for the year.
Patrick Decker: Yeah. I mean I'll just add that I think that what we saw in Canada this past year really was a recovery and catching up of things that have been differed and delayed because Canada has been on its back for the last couple of years, in recent times we saw our business going down year-over-year. So, we saw some of that recovery, but it really will be kind of low single-digit expected as that market kind of normalizes to typical spend. It's largely driven by again the public utility piece and then a little bit less in our new watering business.
Patrick Decker: Well, I think the short answer is no, I never want to understate the challenge you have in terms of the change management in any organization when you're driving a number of initiatives and cost take out and efficiency and so forth. But, what I'd say has really I think helped mitigate that's stress and anxiety is a couple of things. One, boy is it a whole lot of easier to do that when you are at least in a growth market and people can feel growth going on around them. It was tougher when there was not as much growth that's one. That's certainly helps with the sales team in terms of their motivation and inspiration. But I think it's also being clear and transparent with the organization as to what our priorities are. And that our cost efforts aren't just across the board go after a 1,000 things at one time. We got programs around global business services implementation. There is a lot of change management going on around that in communication. Two, I think it's important to recognize that a big chunk of our cost savings are coming out of the procurement and the deployment of Lean and Six Sigma. So these are basic purchase capabilities and skills that we're teaching the organization, how to fish in these areas as opposed to being always with a block object and I think when you are giving people those skills and capabilities that makes it easier because they feel empowered to go drive change and make things more efficient. And our CI efforts continuous improvement is not just focused on the cost takeout. It's about making it easier for our customers to do business with us and be faster to market and that always makes an organization feel better. So I don't want to come across as too much [indiscernible] because it's just easy because it's not this is hard work, it's heavy lifting. I would say if it was that easy it would have already been done. So I recognize that level of stress but no I feel that the organization is very healthy and healthier than it's ever been in my view but it's something you are right Scott that I pay a lot of the attention to and that's why I spent so much time down on the road with our teams in hearing how things are going.
Patrick Decker: Yes, so I think the -- I would say that two dynamics or two [things] that are one on the driving kind of commercial leadership and the commercial excellence. Really in my view the whole purpose of me putting it out there was one of our top priorities was to move our organization away from where many industrial companies are and that is spending way too much time focusing on inside the four walls of the company and being an administrative company as opposed to a commercially driven company that is hungry, that understands why you losing order versus why you win one and that the center of gravity is with the sales team and the people that are serving the customer's needs every day. And so putting in things like a net promoter score, mechanism of sales force parameter, so one to measure how customers feel about us, two to measure how our sales teams feel about what we are doing, has I think been a big move forward for us. It shows that we actually care about what's going on and we've got a lot of areas to improve and that's why that to me is all upside in front of us. We do not get score well and high on either one of those. But the good news is people are being very honest with us about where we can do better and that's what we are very much focused on. I would say an area that we can do also a much better job in is broadening our key account management skills and capabilities, and that's an area that we are now investing in as we go forward. I feel good about the progress in R&D and the spending there and the activities but now it's a matter of commercializing those and embedding those new skills on our selling organization as we sell different value prepositions here. And certainly the acquisition of Sensus and Pure, Emnet, Visenti, those are all very different DNA in terms of how they sell value to customers and that's simply been a nice change in dynamics in our commercial organization.
Patrick Decker: Well, thank you all for your interest and your questions and hanging on here. And so, again safe travels, I wish you all Happy New Year. I know we're well into it, but I haven't seen all of you until I do, I get to say Happy New Year. And wish you all the very best. Safe travels and look forward to talking to you on our next earnings call. Thank you.
Mark Rajkowski: As we've done in prior years, we're providing a seasonal profile of our business as well as highlights of our 2018 planning assumptions. As Patrick just discussed, we're guiding to 4% to 6% organic growth for the company in 2018. This breaks down by segment as follows; 4% to 6% growth in Water Infrastructure, 3% to 5% growth in Applied Water and 7% to 8% growth in Measurement and Control Solutions. We're assuming an FX euro rate of 1.21 which was the average rate for January through the end of last week. For your reference, we've included our FX sensitivity table in the Appendix. We're also updating our estimated tax rate to reflect our current view following the passage of the new tax law in December. Overall, tax reform will be modestly beneficial to our business, lowering our long-term structural tax rate from 22% to 20%. Also, during the fourth quarter we recorded a $45 million non-cash charge in connection with the new tax law, which reflects the cost of repatriation of foreign earnings, partially offset by the benefit from re-measuring our U.S. deferred tax liabilities at the new rate. We estimate that the cash taxes to be paid related to repatriation will be approximately $60 million. [Probably] over the years, and this will partially offset the benefit of lower cash taxes payable in the U.S. due to the rate reduction. Now, moving to our first quarter planning assumptions; we expect growth in the range of 5% to 6% as we lap a relatively weak first quarter in the prior year and benefit from the strong backlog position exiting the year. We expect our first quarter adjusted operating margin to be in a range of 11.3% to 11.5%, this reflects a 110 basis points to 140 basis points of margin expansion excluding the dilution in share purchase accounting amortization. Also, the first quarter is Pure's seasonally lowest revenue period and is expected to result in a penny of EPS dilution. With that, I'll turn the call back over Patrick for some closing comments.
Mark Rajkowski: And I think Nate one of -- if you just look at the year-over-year one of the things you have to keep in mind is in 2016 we had fairly heavy investment in building out some of the capabilities in the Middle East and so that to some extent depressed if you will that year-over-year comparison. So we did ramp-up a little bit more in the back half of the year and some of that is just a function of being clearer in terms of what and where we need to spend money relative to building out our systems intelligence, centers of excellence. We are building out capability in emerging markets as well to take advantage of what we believe will be continued very strong growth rates in 2018 and beyond. So, some of it is just the timing of what we've spent in 2016 and how that ramped up and really just some of the time it's taken us to really make sure that as we do ramp up our spending we know what we're -- what and where we should be spending at.
Mark Rajkowski: We did make very good progress this year but as we look at the opportunities across our supply chain and inventory some of our processes in terms of the billing and collection of receivables and even in payables there is still good room for opportunity to improve. That mid teens target is certainly something that we think is achievable and out in 2020, but we're looking at making continued progress in 2017, so we would expect if I won't be a 150 basis points but another good chunk of progress. So a lot of work to do we've got opportunities around standardizing payment terms, cleaning up our processes and also in terms of on the commercial front just as we negotiate contracts getting more cash up front.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, Mike let me take that one and I would say that the order strength was fairly broad based in terms of what we saw in bookings space. There was quite a bit of short cycle business, I mentioned transport was up 20% year-over-year and that's generally shorter cycle. However one of the things that we did see over the past quarter we were very successful in winning a number of larger projects and as a result as we decompose that backlog we had a much higher percentage than normally that will be shippable beyond 2018. So it wasn't there -- I would say it wasn't that we saw a decline in the shorter cycle business, that was still there but what was really encouraging was we are really starting to get traction on some of these larger projects. Treatment as well as industrial and in a number of those certainly our emerging markets countries where we have made investments to be able to be responsive to those types of opportunities.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, sure Mike and you are right I mean there was solid volume leverage. Price was flattish, it wasn't a big factor. Where we took a little bit of hit there was I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did have some FX transactional losses. We do sell a lot of product out of Europe in US dollars and as we try and hedge as much of that as we can, but when the Euro really moves it has an impact. So, that was one factor. And we just talked a little bit earlier about the great success that we had in some of our emerging markets in terms of those growth rates particularly -- I mean India was up 60%, we had good growth in China and those do carry lower margins and, so that there was a bit of unfavorable mix as well. As we look forward, we expect continued margin expansion in that segment and would expect the drops on revenue growth to be more in line with what you typically see in that 25% to 30% drop.
Mark Rajkowski: It's reflective of the amortization that comes with Sensus but I think the important point here Jim is that we do have good confidence in getting to that 17% to 18% target. We're going to continue to generate solid volume growth. Productivity savings are going to be -- we continue to deliver strong productivity savings. In fact we've got significant opportunities around our back office that we're ramping up this year and will really be a big lift in 2019 and 2020. We really haven't seen any of the benefit from some of the volume leverage and revenue synergies that we'll certainly expect to be getting with Sensus. And so, we've got very good confidence in terms of our ability to deliver that 17% to 18% by 2020.
Mark Rajkowski: I don't think the buckets have changed materially in any respect. So, I think there is a -- we are growing a little bit higher than we thought in 2017, some of that was stronger growth in our treatment business and in emerging markets which have a little bit more lower margin profile. But, the biggest driver productivity savings is right where we expected it to be and we expect that to continue as we outlined back in April at our Investor Day. The level of investments is relatively in line with what we expected, the timing might be a little bit off just in terms of the year-over-year compare, but relative to what we're -- the quantum about the spend is in line. And so -- there is -- it's very much what we expected and there is really nothing that we see looking at ahead that would give us reason to believe that those buckets in terms of what's driving the margin expansion are shifting.
Mark Rajkowski: Once again we are expecting the biggest driver of margin expansion will be the benefits from our productivity programs. That will be in that 300 basis point plus range. We do expect to see some nice volume drop. I mean with higher growth rates we will see a margin expansion from volume leverage. Some of that would be a little bit of unfavorable mix as we continue to grow our or see our size growth in emerging markets. Inflation we're seeing it tick up a little bit. Our expectations for the full-year is roughly 200 basis points of headwind. A lot of that is just it's a labor cost benefit cost. There is certainly a tick up we are seeing in some of the commodities but it's not rapid. I mean aluminum, steel, copper, but they are not huge components of our product build and we will continue to invest in -- at rates that are clearly consistent with where we've been in over this past year.
Mark Rajkowski: Sure. Yeah. It's really a function of strong recovery in oil and gas and mining. Commodities are -- really picked up in that country over this past year and we saw the benefit of that. It's around a $150 million of revenue, so it's relatively sizable but not one of our largest geographies but it was -- it's good to see it bounce back there this year.
Mark Rajkowski: Well, listen with that kind of growth it's going to be tougher compare. The good news is that the -- those markets continue to remain stable and we'd expect low to mid single-digit growth in 2018, just a very tough compare when you're in the 20s, this year.
