Gretchen W. McClain: Sure, Dean. Let me talk about Sandy. In terms of your first question, interruptions to the business, I can't really comment right now. What we've been mostly focused on is making sure that we're deploying our equipment and we're trying to get expertise to those who obviously are in need at this time. We've shipped over 200 pumps into this whole North East region. And we have, I understand, another 100-some pumps and we also made sure that some pumps and if we're low on pumps, water system pumps are available to our channel and trying to help them as quickly as we can. So it's a horrible situation, but it's an opportunity for us to be able to engage with our expertise and our equipment. In terms of where we are with fourth quarter, as we're going into the fourth quarter, our orders are not where we want them to be, so this is an opportunity to backfill that. There will be some things that will be offset because things will be pushed to the right because of the disaster. So we'll kind of have to look at it through this quarter and into next -- and first of 2013 to see what the overall impact will be.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, let me first start with industrial. I mean industrial, what we're seeing now is the capital expenditure being challenged. A lot of that's driven by the uncertainty in the economy, people holding back to see what happens here, so where we're seeing a significant part of project delays within the industrial side. As we've been talking about on the capital expenditure side on the public utilities, we saw nice orders in the second quarter. We've seen our bid activity in the third quarter increase. But again, we're not seeing the orders being released at the level that we would have anticipated. So that's the result of the CapEx in the public utilities being down. I don't think it's down any further. I think, right now, they're trying to determine which projects to let go out since they've got a backlog of activities. Commercial area, we saw the same thing in terms of capital expenditures pulling back, people pulling back because of the confidence in the region.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, I think our business in terms of operations, maintenance, repair, services has been robust, continues to be resilient in Europe, and our large installed base in those relationships we have with the customers continue to be strong.
Gretchen W. McClain: So I wouldn't say the competitive nature has gotten any worse. I really think there's a lot of activity. Of course, our customers are making sure they are looking at choices and getting options. But they're looking specifically on how to resolve the issues. And the bidding activities there, our funnel is as rich as it's been in quite some time. Now the question is a matter of getting those released and getting them actually turned into firm orders.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, so in the third quarter, when you think of the dewatering business, third quarter is typically a large time for seasonal effects. You've got the storms, the hurricanes coming in. And we only saw Isaac this third quarter, part of the reason why our orders and sales are down in our dewatering business. Typically, you'll see 3 or 4 different types of storms and we would react appropriately. So you'll see that typically more so in the third quarter. Going into fourth quarter, you typically don't see that type of seasonality. So we try to factor in an average amount of storms. So in some cases, you'll be down; other cases, you can actually benefit from it like we saw the year before.
Gretchen W. McClain: So I would comment just in general on how we're driving the growth margin. I mean, it's coming from several different things. One, we've been driving our commercial excellence activities, which is driving price and we're seeing nice price. We're also seeing the shift in our portfolio through the acquisitions that we've done. The other benefit is we're seeing the sales that we are getting from our new product launches and our new product launches have higher margins. And we're also, of course, doing a lot of the things I talked about in my opening statements, is a lot of activities and there are many of them around continued productivity in our factories, in our supply chain, sourcing and so forth that are giving us benefit. When I look forward and say what's in front of us, we still have a lot of work to do around product rationalization, which will continue to propel us in the future. But volume does have an impact and we're living right now in a low-growth environment and I don't see that changing anytime soon.
Gretchen W. McClain: I can't comment on that. I just think it's the uncertainty in the market in general. I think in most of our customers, they've got constrained budgets, they're trying to make the choices in the public utilities. What they're trying to determine is which project do they let loose first before the other ones and so, they're going through that now, I think, on a daily basis.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, so a great question. And just let me take a step back in terms of our dewatering strategy. The one thing we acquired when we acquired Godwin was a very good business model around 24/7, and -- in terms of being able rental and services with equipment not only for public utilities, but also in the industrial market being mining, whether it being shale, whether it be disaster-related activity, and most of that equipment can be deployed in multiple uses. So far, that's the positive part of it. Typically, in the U.S., you would typically see maybe the East Coast being a drought and the West Coast being wet or vice versa, and you typically wouldn't see the whole U.S. in a drought situation like we've seen this year. Typically, that will offset itself. One of the things we're trying to do with our dewatering strategy is to take that model and now take it geographically. And we've talked about expanding in Brazil. We've talked about expanding in other regions around the world. And we think that ultimately will allow us to better utilize our footprint, get maximum utilization in terms of our assets which, it is a costly model, but is a very profitable model when deployed appropriately.
Gretchen W. McClain: The area that I'd say where we play is in building services, we will have a lot of businesses that we'll have to go back and retrofit some of their services, whether it be boilers, heating, ventilation, air conditioning and so forth, so there's opportunity in the future as that expands out. But that won't be the first need. Obviously, the first need will be the initial cleanup.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, I'd just comment that we have a healthy pipeline. We have been continuing to work our -- the different candidates that we're cultivating. I feel very good about the process in which we are on. I'm very optimistic of what's in front of us. We continue to use the same process. First, start with our strategy. Our strategy has been to expand in these nice profitable growing areas like dewatering and analytics. We will see that continuing to play out. We'll continue to use our demonstrated process that we have and make sure that we're managing and integrating and getting the value out of the acquisitions that we've executed so far. So I see it as a ripe pipeline and an opportunity in front of us to continue to expand.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. As we've talked about, we've said pricing, we'd like to be able to get 1 to 2 points from pricing each year. Our whole commercial excellence activity has really driven our whole strategy, our strategic pricing thought process and the actions that we're driving throughout the organization in a very positive way. As I mentioned, in third quarter, we've had 1.5% price after the first half of the year being 1.7%. Now we're going into the fourth quarter. It's going to trend downwards. We're wrapping around from some of the price actions we got from last year and we're also in a tough environment in terms of competitive nature with the low growth markets that we're living in. But that's not going to get -- make us step back. We believe we've got strong products, we've got a strong understanding of where we play. We've got a good discipline. We continue to look at our losses and our wins and readjust appropriately. So we think we've got the right position to go after price in the right strategic differentiated areas. In other areas where it make sense, we'll aggressively play so that we can make sure we don't lose market share.
Gretchen W. McClain: So let me address it from this perspective. I mean, we're seeing price in both our Water Infrastructure and our Applied Water. So we're seeing it both in the public utilities, as well as across our end markets. Your question around public utilities, and there's no question, they're challenged for -- to be able to do all the projects they want to do. Now the one thing is, their budget continues -- because tariffs still continue to go up, but they are -- the real strategy here in my mind is helping them understand how we can help them reduce their operating costs. That allows them to ultimately spend less in their maintenance and operations and be able to free up money to be able to put on their capital expenditures. So if you have the dialogue, you can demonstrate it in terms of the energy efficiency, cost of ownership. They're inclined to go after quality reliable parts because they're talking about water and wastewater that's critical for all of our health.
Gretchen W. McClain: No, I wouldn't say that. I mean, when you look at our pipeline and what we're cultivating and working on, it's not driven by the need to tell a company because of tax reasons. It varies depending upon what the candidate is doing, if they need more investment in terms of their business, ultimately if they want, and they don't have something, a successor, to hand the business off to. Whether they'd like to be part of a bigger business that's focused around water, that has played to our advantage. So I wouldn't say it's the tax issue and things will fall off after next year.
Gretchen W. McClain: Right now, I'd say the bidding activity across most of our end markets, both industrial and the public utilities, are probably the largest area. Industrial is encouraging to us. Again, we've not seen the release of it, but I'm encouraged when you think about where we played in our treatment business to be able to expand more in the industrial side. Our teams are going after a number of activities and I do believe they're going to break loose. It's just a matter of when.
Gretchen W. McClain: I would just add, when we think of Europe, and that's where the focus has been around, the restructuring, is really aligning ourselves as one Xylem team. I mean, we take -- we go to market in very different ways today. We have the opportunity to leverage our portfolio to position ourselves even more effectively with our customers. And so part of what we're doing is helping us get to our long-term strategies.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, so let me just talk about the orders and so forth. I mean, geographically, U.S., there's a lot of bid activity. The emerging markets, there's significant activity. Europe's a little weaker from an activity base and that kind of plays with the economics we're seeing. I'd say a lot more of the projects are smaller in nature as they are compared to large in nature. And today, when we look at large projects, we look at the full capability of our portfolio and how we can bring that together where it makes sense.
Gretchen W. McClain: And I'd say in both our dewatering and our analytics business, they're now becoming a large platform in which not only can we do -- continue to expand with acquisitions to expand them, but we also now have a core competence level to do organic growth. And so you've got the benefits of both.
Gretchen W. McClain: Our approach has been a bolt-on strategy. But in our pipeline, we look at all sizes, all shapes and all regions. We'll continue to look at it from a strategic perspective and how that can help us accelerate our strategic vision. So again, mostly, a bolt-on strategy, but we don't preclude looking at larger acquisitions as well.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, I'd just like to say thank you for your interest and your time this morning and really sharing our first year anniversary with us. As I mentioned, the business operations will continue to improve even with the lower anticipated revenues. We're aggressively positioning Xylem for the future with immediate [ph] actions that we've talked about this morning. And while we do that, we remain, of course, very focused on good earnings and solid cash flow. So again, thank you for your time. We appreciate your interest.
Michael T. Speetzen: Dean, I'll add our aftermarket services are up 4.5% through the first 3 quarters of the year as evidence of that.
Michael T. Speetzen: Hey, David, the other thing I'd add is, we've mentioned before, we manage that business in a different manner just given the nature of the CapEx that's involved. And so for example, when we see lower volume rates, we dial back the investment because we're looking at utilization rates and return on assets. The other thing I'd point out is, given the nature of the equipment, it can be moved pretty easily between applications. So it can be moved from construction to municipal bypass relatively easily. So that allows us to get some efficiency, whether it's in the CapEx or the inventory that's used to support the equipment. So it's definitely an area that we watch very carefully. And as we go into new markets, we're very deliberate about how much investment we make and we monitor that closely against the utilization rates we have in the business.
Michael T. Speetzen: That's one of the benefits from the global expansion, absolutely. That and the diverse end market exposure.
Michael T. Speetzen: Ryan, I'd add to what Gretchen said in the sense of the mechanics. One of the things we're doing is making sure that as we see price increases on the back end of the business, as I commented about the value gap, that those are being built into the pricing model. But I'd also point out, this pricing initiative is not a broad initiative in terms of the way we apply it. It's very targeted in terms of end markets and products. And it helps that we have such a healthy pipeline of new products, that gives us the ability to differentiate and get improved pricing in the marketplace. So I think Gretchen's absolutely right. We're going to continue to see headwinds given the economic environment, but we're pretty confident that we've got a good process in place to maximize our potential.
Michael T. Speetzen: Mike, I guess the way I'd answer that question is the restructuring, that $20 million that we're executing this year, the majority of that is permanent in nature. So we're taking the opportunity given the fact that we have a view that Europe's going to be a challenging market for the foreseeable future, that we'll be looking at restructure. You can see it in the payback, quite frankly, in terms of the payback being around 2 years, that we're taking some more difficult cuts that are going to position the business better for the long term and are more sustained in nature.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Jim, we're actually going to spend some time in our Investor Day talking through the performance of the acquisitions, because it's an important part of the story that we have. But the criteria that we set out in clearly, YSI and the other acquisitions falling through, is we look for returns in the midteens. The way I would characterize the series of acquisitions that we've done, Godwin, Nova and a string of analytics deals, is they are outperforming our models despite the economic environment. And the reason that we do that is when we go through justifying the acquisition, we obviously don't load in all the expected synergies and then we obviously put more aggressive targets inside the business to ensure that we drive the growth. As we've talked in the past, we've got a pretty robust integration model where we're measuring the business against those original plans, meeting with a business in the initial 30, 60 and 90 days of the integration to make sure that gets integrated well and then doing periodic check-ins after that. So I would answer the question broadly, that they're performing better and we intend to get into that in a little bit more detail when we have our Investor Day next year.
