Steven R. Loranger: Deane, the real answer to that question is all of the above. And we had a number of dynamics occurring, which came together nicely. First and foremost, I think that previously, Gretchen and the team have done a really nice job in the summertime of outlining the necessary cost reductions that were needed to make the third and fourth quarter, with a relatively sluggish top line. The teams executed against those cost benefits. So we certainly got every bit of what we're looking for. Second of all, there had been some ongoing restructuring, as you know, in the 2012, 2013, time frame, and that's coming through. We did see some slight favorability in markets, although we're not going to forecast any real trend here, these markets have been moving around. But certainly, the markets were a little bit favorable, but we also had our sales teams out there really working hard. We put a lot of pressure to go get the order and focus, and the teams did a good job. And then finally, there was certainly some conservatism. When the July forecast was announced, the team really wanted to make sure that we had a number that we could make. So it really was all of the above. You take a little conservatism out of it, and what I'm mostly pleased about, is just really the operating performance of the teams, both on the sales line and the operational execution line.
Steven R. Loranger: Okay, fine. First of all, on transport and treatment and dewatering, the purpose of associating all those underneath the umbrella of what was water, wastewater and later water solutions, was less about the relatedness of operations and the product technology, and more about the ability for Water Solutions to enable access to a global market. So in the presence of our integrated front end, which is we've essentially migrated in most of our regions, we now can go back, with respect to running really, really efficient product businesses in those dimensions. Analytics or Test remain separate underneath Chris McIntire, and as part of this -- as it has been. So there's no change there. But as part of this, Chris has been doing an outstanding job, and there is some more relatedness with some of the treatment technology and some of the tests. And we invited Chris to be the leader over both of those franchises.
Steven R. Loranger: Well, think about Chris McIntire as leading both the analytics/test and the treatment businesses now yes.
Steven R. Loranger: Well, first of all, the CEO search is well underway, and I don't have anything definitive to say there. But clearly, Xylem is a company that has just terrific global assets. You guys know about our technology, our market and customer reach around the world and some really, really good supply chains. And we think that clearly, the opportunities in front of the company are every bit as rich as they were when we created the spinout. So the notion about having a very, very strong global product business that can access these markets and become greater than the sum of the parts, is still in the front of our minds. And clearly, a CEO who has the leadership, the vision and the track record of experience in that dimension would be first and foremost.
Steven R. Loranger: Well, I think focusing on where we're going in the future is really responsive to that question. We clearly have had some challenges with these markets. And we have such a broad portfolio. I think what we do need to do is to focus and re-prioritize both our investments and growth activities in a way that can create more total value. As an example, we really do like the Flygt product line. That's been a fabulous product line. We're going to be increasing some investments in that to continue to drive competitive advantage in the transport segment. The same thing in the analytics and the emerging markets, as Mike had mentioned. The operative component there is to really prioritize those investments where they make -- where they matter the most to execute our vision around Let's Solve Water. So that's a big piece of, I think, where we need to go in the future. The second big piece really just has to do with the structure and efficiency of the company. I mean, with these markets, we have diluted operating margin, as you well know. And the team collectively have come to the conclusion that we simply need to get back up to the level of operating metrics, that we know that we're capable of, in a hurry. And so that really induces strategies like a global strategic sourcing organization of simplified and streamlined, product-line focused, an integrated front end that, quite frankly, not only is more capable than the independent selling organizations, but it can -- has the potential of being more efficient. And so that's a lot to talk about, but it has to do with de-leveling, organizational simplicity and clarification. And I think all those things are going to go into the operating efficiencies that we know are possible in front of us.
Steven R. Loranger: Well, most certainly, we think the very best acquisition that we have in front of us right now is Xylem's stock. So you can expect us to continue to deploy there. Also, we have had some operating concerns, as we've been talking about the whole call, and we thought it prudent to take a pause on some of the actual acquisitions. We're continuing to cultivate and we still have a rich pipeline. And to the note of your question, yes, with respect to some of the operating metrics we're forecasting in free cash flow generation, we will be able to continue to redeploy capital in the share repurchase and generate capacity for the acquisitions. And we expect, over the next quarter or so, as things settle down, we'll get back into the market. We're actually committed to meeting our long-term targets that you're all aware of in terms of operating margin, EPS and ROIC. So that's all highly intact.
Steven R. Loranger: Yes, so let me talk just a little about the -- I'd say, the overarching dynamics around Europe. I mean, we certainly had seen some dynamics, as I talked about in the last call, around public utilities pulling back. And as evidenced by our overall aftermarket performance, which was up low single-digits, we've seen a return to, well, say, a more normal pattern around the break fix, the operating maintenance, from a public utility standpoint. In the industrial side, I think there was a de-cycling there in the first half, and I think with more positive signs in Europe, in general, we've seen things -- I wouldn't say that I'd call it a recovery. I would say things are just starting to move again. And then certainly, the construction market has been favorable, specifically in areas like Germany. And that's helped our commercial business, as well as our dewatering business as we look at those dynamics. From a margin standpoint, I guess I'd say a couple of things. One, with the recovery in Europe, that's actually helped because as I mentioned, we've got impacted pretty heavily in the second quarter, given our fixed cost structure in Europe, which is, on average, 7 to 10 points higher from an SG&A standpoint because of our direct selling channel. Obviously, with the return of volume in Europe, that helps us more than cover those costs, and you saw that come through in the third quarter results. The one dynamic we are facing, which we talked a little bit about in my prepared remarks, is pricing. That is causing some top line pressure to the tune of about 30, 40 basis points in the third quarter. I don't think that it's anything atypical of what the competitors are seeing either. So I don't think there's any distortions in the market, nor do I think we've done anything to gain volume. But I do think that's going to continue to be a headwind for us. I think just given the overcapacity across public utility in the industrial space, that's going to continue to weigh a little bit on margins. But as Steve indicated, we've got ample opportunity to go out and drive improvements in our sourcing, in our Lean, value-based, Six Sigma. So we'll be able to go out and use that as an advantage to offset some of those headwinds.
Steven R. Loranger: It's hard to say that, but it's got to be several percentage points. If you just -- one way to think about it is, you go back to the 2007, 2008 timeframe and figure that the industry was probably at pretty full capacity at that point in time. And you could sort of subtract from that, what the gross markets have done since then, and probably divide that difference in half to get to the answer to your question. The half being that companies have taken out some capacity on these downsides, but not all of that.
Steven R. Loranger: Well, thank you. And let me summarize what I hope everyone has ultimately taken away from this call. We do have a lot of work in progress. We're going to stay focused on doing the basics well. And clearly, we've got a lot of work in front of us. We have faced some real challenges and those challenges are not going to subside anytime in the future, but we do have the foundations, the tools and the global assets. We've got some great technology, premium brands, terrific applications, expertise with comprehensive selling and distribution channels. And I can tell you, we've got some of the greatest, talented employees of any company in our space. So we've got these assets and collectively, we will eventually overcome some of these challenges and help realize our vision. We do have 3 priorities right now. First and foremost, it should come as no surprise, we've got the entire organization working to achieve the 2013 commitments. Second, we are prioritizing our strategic initiatives to drive more top line growth, as I outlined. And finally, we're focusing both our strategy and our operating framework to accelerate and increase shareholder value, not only in 2013 and beyond. So we've taken some decisive actions to improve our performance in the face of these ongoing challenges. And I believe there's a lot that we can still do to perform better and grow faster across the businesses. And our commitment, as you would expect, is we will move as quickly as we can to make all of that happen. So with that, I want to thank you for your participation and we look forward to talking with you next quarter.
Michael T. Speetzen: So we -- consistent with what we've talked in the past, there's a few components to that. First, the carryover restructuring is going to be in the range of about $15 million. In addition to that, as we guided, there were still some one-time spend costs that we were dealing with this year. The 2 biggest drivers being IT-related costs, as well as moving our corporate headquarters, and that's about $5 million. So those 2 items gave about $20 million. And then as we indicated in our last discussion, there's an additional $15 million related to the cost actions that we're taking here in the second half that will play out into 2014. And what I would say is, Steve talked to it a little bit in the upfront comments, we're continuing to work for more. I think the key component that we want to signal is, even with a flat top line in 2014, we feel confident we can deliver EPS growth in 2014.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, there's a couple of things. I mean, one, we're clearly seeing a lower level of inflation, and that has helped. I mean, we've gone from some just under 3% in the first quarter. We're down near around 2% in the third quarter. So there's a been little bit of help from that. But there's certainly been a mixture. I would say that there were some short-term measures that we took. Nothing, from my perspective, that's damaging the business. I think it was prudent cost management in light of a volatile top line. But we are also working right now to identify what are more permanent cost reductions, as we head into 2014, as Steve highlighted. We've got opportunities around global sourcing, we've got opportunities around the Lean and Six Sigma avenues relative to our business. And the other key point I'd make is we continue to invest in the business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it continues to be a slight headwind relative to margin performance through the third quarter. So one thing we've made sure of is we're not going to do anything that damages the long-term potential of the company.
Michael T. Speetzen: Actually, this gets back to, I think, one of the questions that was asked earlier in terms of the conservatism in the forecast. I guess a couple of comments I'd make is, when we put our guidance out after second quarter, the one thing we were looking at is we were looking at July results, which were relatively weak and supported a -- obviously, a much lower view of the trajectory we were headed on. So I think the first statement I'd make is the momentum started to build towards the end of July. And then clearly, as we got into August, it got a little bit more difficult to see, just given the dynamics that go on in Europe. But it was clear that we were pulsing at a level that would suggest that we were going to have stronger revenue performance. I think given the dynamics we were facing, one of the things that we did is not only did we have the cost actions identified, we had outlined what we called an EPS assurance plan. So essentially, we had identified additional cost activity to basically go and execute if the revenue didn't materialize. So essentially, we ran a scenario that said, what if we're flat sequentially for the first to second half? What would we need to do to ensure that we got to our EPS range? So when I look at what happened in the third quarter, we got the revenue growth that was targeted, albeit, it came a little bit late in the quarter. And we also executed on the additional cost actions, and so you got the double benefit of those. And then you're obviously correct in the restructuring kicked in substantially in the third quarter, and we've been signaling that throughout the first half relative to all the activities that we undertook in the first and second quarter, relative to primarily what is our European realignment.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I wouldn't characterize it as a pull forward, but definitely, we saw a very strong third quarter. Quite frankly, it was actually opposite of what we've typically seen, which is third quarter drops from the second quarter. So admittedly, there is a little bit of conservatism in the fourth quarter. If you look at the upper end of our range, it's more indicative of what you would typically see in terms of the seasonality uplift. The one comment I would make is, our backlog position going into the fourth quarter has increased about 13% from what we had going into the third quarter. So that's obviously a very good indicator and gives us confidence. But at the same time, as Steve highlighted, these markets have been volatile. We've been dealing with this for the past 1.5 year, and it's too early to call it a trend. We're optimistic and we'll continue to drive, and if it's there, we're going to get it.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I guess the only thing I'd add is the organizational change that Steve talked about, I think, puts us closer to the point of impact and being able to see the inner workings of the business. Because the thing I'll go back to is, we are improving visibility and our ability to have good financial discipline, but our business is heavy short-cycle. And so it's important for us to be close to those trends to understand what's going on in the marketplace on a real time. And we go into any given quarter with less than 50% of our shipments sitting in backlog. And so I think that's always an important piece to keep in mind. But I think the discipline, the financial changes that we've made, I think the organizational change that Steve announced, is going to put everything closer to the point of impact, and I think we'll have a lot greater visibility and accountability.
Michael T. Speetzen: I wouldn't say any notable change. I would say, in our dewatering business, we saw the distributors start to restock. We had been dealing with them de-stocking for the past couple of quarters. And I think that's shown up in the positive results we've seen in our dewatering business, which is -- has been on a nice, steady growth trajectory. And I'd say, in our commercial segment, there's clearly been a strong performance there. Resi continues to be -- it was down for us here in the third quarter. The groundwater market, we're primarily servicing the well water market, as well as boiler circulators, and we've seen a little bit of downward movement there. But I wouldn't characterize that we've seen some big shift, and I would not anticipate, in the near term, seeing the distributors go back into a significant restocking mode.
Michael T. Speetzen: We had some marketing initiatives. Like in our standard care and mixer lines, we introduced some new products and went out with some attractive new programs. But for the most part, I'm just going to say it was disciplined blocking and tackling, and getting the sales teams focused on winning more. Colin and Joe Vesey and the team have been driving a program called Find More, Win More and Keep More, which is just a series of classic, good, strong marketing activities. And they've been deploying that, and I think we've got some benefit from it.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, we've seen -- the comment I gave you about October is our performance from a booking standpoint has roughly been in line with the guidance that we've provided. So we've not seen anything substantially shipped in the month of October.
Michael T. Speetzen: And, Jim, the only thing I'd add to that is if you look at just the U.S. water and wastewater spend as a proxy for what Steve was just walking through, it's down to levels that go back to say, 2004. And so, I think that gives you an indication of what we need to start to happen, which is essentially, we'd need to start to see fully embodied projects released. That's meaning, not just treatment projects, but projects that include transport products, pumping primarily.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I think -- and Stewart, I think you have to almost take it segment-by-segment. I'd say that our applied water business probably has a little bit tighter curve. When you look at our Flygt business, our direct selling channel, I think gives us some ability to leverage. But again, I'm going to point back to the overcapacity in the industry, I think, has put all the competitors in a position where every bit is being competitively quoted. And so I think that's putting some pressure from a top line standpoint. Clearly, from a project business perspective, given the fact that projects are down some 15% to 20% from the height, pricing is extremely competitive and quite frankly, the fact that things are not converting from bid to actual order is indicative of the fact that folks want to have another 1 or 2 looks at pricing.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I mean, there's a couple of areas, but I'd say, we're -- as I've indicated in the past, I mean we've probably impacted our inventory turns by 0.2, 0.3, in an effort to make sure that we can deal with what has been relatively volatile dynamics around the inventory delivery requirements. So it's pretty equally weighted across the businesses. And from a geography standpoint, David, I don't know that I could isolate it to one particular area. It is an area of focus. I mean, Steve and I, clearly, are not happy with the inventory, and broadly, the working capital levels that we're at today. So it's a key area of focus for us. We're going to continue to monitor it. And hopefully, as the market starts to return to some level of growth, that'll give us a little bit of pressure to be able to take some of that inventory out of the system as lead times start to move back into something that's more reasonable versus the very short nature that they are today.
Michael T. Speetzen: Well, I mean, like I said, we started to see order rates improving in the month of August. And I'd say that the teams were moving quickly to make sure that they were able to satisfy the promotions that we were putting out into the marketplace, as well as to support to Find, Win, Keep initiative that we had underway. So I think in light of what was a pretty disappointing level of performance in Q2, we were doing everything we could to make sure that if an order came in, we were in a position to satisfy it.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I think so. I mean, we had some dynamics with the way the receivables came in at the end of the quarter. But that's not too out of the normal for what we see at the third quarter point.
