Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mike. Let's start with the top line. We still anticipate 2014 revenues of nearly $4 billion, which reflects organic growth of 2% to 4%. We've increased our organic growth range at both the low and high end via a percentage point of growth. For Water Infrastructure, we expect organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%, higher than our previous expectations and primarily reflecting higher project revenue in emerging markets. And for Applied Water, we expect revenues to be flat to up 1% organically reflecting our first half performance and soft end market outlook. This reflects a slight downward revision to our previous guidance. I will also note that the revenue range already reflects the reduction of revenue attributable to the U.K. valve business we divested. After posting 3% organic growth through the first 6 months, we expect second half organic revenue to be flat to up approximately 2%. This range takes into consideration the relatively short cycle nature of our business and mixed strength in our end markets. It is important to note that our second half performance will be against tougher year-over-year comps. Segment margins are anticipated to be in the range of 14.2% to 14.6% and operating margins are projected to be in the range of 12.8% to 13.2%. And we anticipate earnings per share of $1.90 to $2, excluding 2014 structuring and realignment cost of approximately $40 million to $50 million. This reflects a $0.05 increase to the lower end of our range. Let me provide you with some perspective on this. We feel good about the execution of our broad based restructuring actions this year, in which we now expect to achieve savings of $17 million. This is in addition to the carryover savings of $25 million from the actions executed in 2013, bringing total savings to $42 million. We also feel good about our first half performance and have reflected our outlook for the second half, which include some mixed end market dynamics, lower benefits from FX and the U.K. valve divestiture. Now let me provide some additional highlights around our end market outlook. Please turn to Slide 10. This slide summarizes our expected 2014 organic revenue performance by end market. Let me spend a few minutes providing some perspective on our first half performance, our expectations over the second half and what that all means from a full year perspective. Beginning with industrial, our largest end market, representing 45% of total revenues. Through the first half, we saw organic revenue up 3% and expect second half performance to be up low single-digits. Full year organic revenue growth is expected to be in the range of 1% to 3%. Included in our second half expectation is sequential growth acceleration in the U.S. and continued growth from emerging markets. We are also assuming that Europe remains stable. Public utility, at 34% of total revenue, is our second-largest market. Through the first half, we saw organic revenue up 6% and expect second half organic performance to moderate considerably. This reflects tougher year-over-year comps and the timing of project deliveries. With that said, we expect second half revenue to be flat to up low single-digits, and therefore our full year expectation is in the range of 2% to 5%. This outlook is improved relative to our original expectations and reflects the positive performance realized over the first half and our project backlog over the balance of the year. As a reminder, due to the considerable lead time for most CapEx projects, the majority of project orders received over the second half of the year will deliver in 2015 and beyond. I would highlight that leading indicators and market commentary suggest improving market conditions, which is supported by our growing pipeline of projects. Moving to commercial, which represents approximately 11% of our revenue. We are revising our full year outlook for commercial downward. While we originally expected low single-digit growth, we now anticipate flat organic revenue performance. The revision downward reflects our first half organic revenue decline of 1% and only a modest improvement in the back half. Our overall performance reflects our overweight position to the weak U.S. institutional building market. We no longer expect this sector to recover meaningfully in 2014. We do expect new product launches and strength in emerging markets to drive low single-digit growth over the second half. There is no change to our residential market outlook. We still expect low single-digit growth driven by the U.S. housing recovery. However, we do expect that growth in the U.S. will moderate over the second half and that continued weakness in Europe will at least offset second half growth. And lastly, while it's only 3% our business, we expect full year ag revenue to be flat year-over-year. This is down slightly from our previous expectations. Please turn to Slide 11 and I'll turn it back over to Mike to cover some additional details on the guidance.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, again, Mike. Just a few comments before we get to Q&A. As you know, this year is a critical one for Xylem. We have begun to establish a track record of financial performance, while also focusing on prospects to long-term growth. While we still have a lot of work to do, I am encouraged by our performance to date. We're making progress and our improving our productivity and efficiency. We have many growth opportunities pursue and we're doing the hard work now to be able to take advantage of the best ones to grow our leadership position in the world of water. Operator, we can now begin the Q&A session.
Patrick K. Decker: And I would just add to that, Scott, what I'm also seeing, and we're seeing, is that as we integrate our front of the business, I would say our Treatment business is one of the businesses probably benefiting the most in terms of getting more at bats through the visibility to our transport and other businesses provide to them by now have integrated front-end. So our bidding activity on the pipeline is also improving.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, no problem. I spent considerable amount of time with the team, reviewing the pipeline. It is a pretty healthy pipeline from my perspective and based on what I've seen. As you know, Scott, it is a severely fragmented industry. I think we've said that, certainly, we're not going to be dogmatic on water. I mean, obviously we want to make sure that we don't stray from our identity here. And so now that we've defined our 3 fields to play, that being water productivity, water quality and the resiliency of water infrastructure. Those are 3 pretty broad spectrums in the space of water and that also opens up the opportunity to fill the pipeline. I do expect that, certainly early on here, the acquisitions that we do are going to be bolt on. They're going to be close to the core. And then obviously, over time as we continue to expand, that brings into play more meaningful acquisitions.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, Deane, these actually are the kind of things we would like to be involved in. I mean, you find -- and from my background and experience, certainly, in the developing markets, our customers and clients do tend to look at -- I wouldn't call it a complete turnkey solution, but certainly looking at bundling, services and technology. And I think that's where we've already seen some of the biggest impact on the integration of our front end. I would say that, in a number of those markets. The front end of our commercial organization has long been integrated and so they've been working together for some quite some time. These are long processes you can appreciate to come to closure and win a victory. We call it referential, I think, because these are key accounts. We don't share too much on the customer specifics and economics for obvious competitive reasons, but these are healthy projects. They bring with them a very attractive aftermarket service component to it as well. But more importantly, it demonstrates that we've got the capability in these emerging markets, when we focus on them. And secondly, it helps build the Xylem brand name. Not that we were always leading with that brand name in all cases, but it certainly increases our recognition of our brand in those developing markets.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I think that, over time, this is a multiyear journey where we're trying to integrate a number of legacy standalone businesses. And I would say that we've, historically, probably not had a comprehensive manufacturing strategy across the various businesses that we've got, whether that be in the U.S. or whether that be globally. And that is an area that will be of focus for me and the team, to better understand what those opportunities are from our supply chain, globally, But certainly, specifically here in the U.S. as well. And I think, as I talk a lot about the emerging market opportunity, which I think is large and real, at the same time, that's not to suggest that we don't also have meaningful growth opportunities in the more mature established markets. I think there's an opportunity for us to drive more improvement on the aftermarket piece of our business. It's not as applicable to all of our businesses, but certainly some of them has a very attractive aftermarket opportunity, that I do believe that we fully mined. And then I would say something that I've spoken a lot about and that is I see, consistency across the company, there are further opportunities for Lean deployment, certainly here in the U.S., across not only our factories but the entire value chain.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I think it's probably too early to tell right now exactly, to put a number out there as to what I think the global sourcing opportunity is. I think that it's probably better to talk about the journey as to where we're coming from and where we're going. We certainly don't want to suggest that there's never been any kind of leverage gained across the businesses. But each one of the value centers and the businesses in them had historically operated on a standalone-basis, in terms of having their own procurement functions. And we have a number of categories that, clearly, if we leverage our global spend here, there's meaningful upside to be gained in doing that. Secondly, it's not just about the cost takeout but it's also about getting better quality, better service, better delivery from our suppliers. So really, again, it's the whole value chain from a sourcing standpoint. I think there are a number of companies that are out there, obviously, that we model against and put ourselves up against, as a benchmark. Certainly, the Danahers of the world, the Ropers of the world, a few others that are out there that I think have been on that journey and have delivered quite a value by standardizing their process across areas, including procurement.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes. So, Matt, we saw dewatering kind on a sequential improvement. Like I mentioned when I was answering Mike's question, we've seen that kind of improving month-to-month. In the second quarter we were up 4% and that brought our first half up, call it mid-single-digits, and that's vast improvement over the anemic growth that we had in the first quarter. And we see that trend continuing and we're optimistic, given the strength we've seen in hydraulic fracturing and just, overall, what looks to be a rebound in construction and use in the public utility market did support that continued growth through the balance of the year.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, well, as you probably know, these businesses, market share data is not always easy to get. But certainly, all of the indications that we've got right now, we've been asking ourselves that question with the teams, is that actually when you look at some of our other -- companies that have reported in this space, if anything, we've probably certainly held. If not, even possibly gained some ground, especially in areas like groundwater, et cetera. So we don't really comment on share positions and really comment on our competitors but we certainly don't have any reserve, right now, to believe that we've lost any share.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Well, again, I think it's early assessment. I think that one of the areas that is fairly apparent to me and that is, certainly, when I think about the needs that we had to be able to accelerate our growth in a number of the developing markets, there's only so far that we are able to go by relying upon, in some areas, an import model. And so we already have some footprints in summary development markets but I would say we will expand that footprint over time. And then obviously, over time, we'll evaluate with our needs are from a global supply chain and make the changes necessary at that point.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, I mean, I'd say it's a fair characterization of the market. I wouldn't put the pricing pressure as a huge dynamic at this stage. I think the competitive environment is certainly there but I think folks are being smart about the pricing dynamics. I think what it's -- that, coupled with the fact that commodity prices have been relatively tame over the past year, really has lowered our ability to get additional price. But I think the important thing to remember is we're still priced at a premium relative to the competition. So we're getting the growth, we may be losing a little bit on the pricing side, but overall it's still a pretty positive equation for us.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, yes. Obviously, staying well short of giving any kind of guidance or signal for '15. I think, certainly, we are very much focused on how do we accelerate the growth of the business. Obviously, that will not be at the expense of margins. We're looking at healthy profitable growth. And so, certainly, we're making sure we're making the investments there to drive the top line. Secondly, we will continue to maintain the focus on the cost side and the margin side. While, I would never rule out restructuring, our focus right now, really again, is on ramping up, again the continuous improvement opportunities in global sourcing and Lean. So we certainly would expect margin expansion to continue from those areas. It's going to be a balanced look as we go forward from '15 onward.
Patrick K. Decker: I think it's premature, right now, for me to comment on that. I mean, certainly, we feel good about the return to shareholders that we've already committed to. And we'll have more to comment on that as we get further along on the M&A assessment. Obviously, M&A opportunities, you could fully appreciate, take time to cultivate. And so, us having the kind of reignited that, it may take a little bit of time but we feel good about the prospects and we'll have more to comment.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I think that one of the things that we're very much driving here, in the company right now, is kind of what I call a productivity-for-growth mindset. And that is, again, given where we are in our Lean deployment, global sourcing, some of the other construction benefits we're getting from the actions taken. These are all intended not only to expand margin. What you're seeing, obviously here in '14, will continue in '15 but part of those savings go to fund some of these investments that we're talking about. And so I don't think that we should be looking at any kind of delusion in margin. As we go forward we will continue to expand margins, as well as continue to accelerate the top line growth, assuming the markets cooperate.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I think that the way I would characterize it is we've got pockets of excellence right now, across the company. And I think that's clearly a reflection of the fact that these businesses, historically, had been, I think, early adopters of Lean Six Sigma, other continuous improvement tools. And my assessment, and I think the assessment of many of the people in the company, is that during the transition of the spin, other things going on, some of those things began to fade. I think, historically, the focus have predominantly been on inside the 4 walls of the factory. So very much focused on cost takeout, et cetera, in the factories themselves. I think the opportunities here are not only to now reignite that in the factories, but more importantly to apply these tools across the entire value chain. So speed to market efficiency, transactions, back-office, but also using these tools to help us get at what our overall global manufacturing strategy's going to be. And so I look at this in a bigger picture rather than just applying Lean within any given factory. And that to me is where the big opportunities lie.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, it's a tough one to say because we've got such a distributed footprint across the board. But I'd say -- the way I'd characterized it, I'd say, probably at about 1/3 of the locations that I've been to, I've seen a pretty heavy adoption of classic tools being deployed. I think the whole point of continuous improvement in Lean is that it is a journey. So it never ends and you're always kind of revitalizing and refreshing things. So there's opportunities all over the place, but I think that there's probably still 2/3 of the organization that I think are still fairly early on in the whole process.
Patrick K. Decker: Well, I just want to thank everybody for taking the time to join us this morning. We very much appreciate your support and interest, and I look forward to catching up with you and updating you on our progress in our next call. So, between now and then, safe travels and we'll talk to you soon.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Scott, this is Mike. There's a couple of things going on. If you remember from some of the commentary we had last year, we actually saw a decline in the, what I'll call the longer term bookings for our treatment business, project business in the U.S. last year. Essentially, we see that carrying through in the current year shipping results. The good news is we are seeing the project activity picking up and so we're starting to build backlog in that business. And less about just the U.S., but overall, if you think about that backlog heading into 2015, we're up 18%. And we look specifically at Water Infrastructure, were actually up 22%. So that's very good indicator that things are at least starting to move in the right direction. The pipeline of bid and quote activity is at an all-time high. So it's clearly that there is definitely activity start to move from a U.S. standpoint.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Dean, this is Mike. Let me provide some comments and then Patrick can certainly weigh in. I think there's a couple of things. One, we were providing perspective on what we're seeing, and at the time, April was coming in essentially flat with where we were last year. And I'd say that the short cycle nature of the business obviously does create a bit of a challenging dynamic from that standpoint. And I think we hit some of the points, in the prepared comments, that as we progress through the quarter we start to see the market improve. Not substantially, but just enough to move us into that higher end of the range that we've been talking about. But more importantly, I think, what you saw from us is the same thing the you've seen in for the past several quarters, which is we have much deeper visibility into the business now. The change that we made, organizationally, we are now dealing directly down, say, at the dewatering level or the treatment level. We're able to react more quickly. And so Patrick and I came back from seeing the April results and really push the team around, making sure that we were cleaning up any of the delinquent shipments that we had, making sure that we were converting all the orders that need to be shipped in the quarter. There wasn't anything large, notable, that we pulled in, per se. But I would say that the team worked hard to make sure that we met the commitments that we had laid out.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I'd say, right now, Deane, it's probably 70% to 80%. And obviously, as we see the longer term orders improving, that dynamic's going to start to ship probably call closer to that 70% mark over time. I'd say the short cycle nature of the things like our rental dewatering business, those still weigh pretty heavy on the results in our areas where -- we try to stay as close as we can. We've developed some new processes for monitoring what we would term backlog in those businesses, to give us better indicators around what the trajectory looks to be, but they're still short cycle in nature.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Ryan, it's Mike. We're still seeing what I'd say is a negative bias from a pricing standpoint, more particularly in our Water Infrastructure business. Applied Water is still in a positive territory, although not at the same levels, and I'd say a good portion of that's really more commodity pricing-driven. But I would say that the dynamics really haven't changed a lot. I mean, I think you can hear it with many with our competitors that the markets are improving, but we're all still in a much more slow growth environment than we have historically been and so that competitive dynamics are such that it's still putting a negative bias on pricing. You're not hearing a lot of it in our prepared remarks because it's in line with expectations we had of somewhere in the 25 to 50 basis points of pressure coming out of that particular segment.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Mike, the cadence has been improving pretty much starting back in late February and we've seen that continue now through the second quarter and obviously continue to monitor that. Utilization rates, they're not about at the what I call the peak yet. And that's a broad comment because we have, obviously, model mix within that, that we continue to watch. But I would say we're getting up around that 50% mark, which is pretty close to getting the optimal and so we'll be moving into the decision around what additional assets do we need to contemplate, which would be a good thing to start talking about.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so let me answer the more tactical side and then I'll let Patrick provide a perspective as we look forward. Through the first half, we've incurred about $18 million worth of restructuring cost and the savings that we've racked up is about $22 million and a big portion of that $22 million was actually the activity we had underway last year. For the second half, we're guiding around $20 million of savings, and that's largely due to the actions that we've taken through the first half, relative to that $18 million of cost. I would think about that, going into next year, as probably about an $18 million to $20 million tailwind as we lap and pick up favorably essentially in the first half of next year and the actions that we will have executed. And then, Joe, just to remind you, we are guiding $30 million to $35 million of total restructuring cost this year. So you can see that we have all ways to go on the second half, $17 million. But with that, I'll turn it over to Patrick for any comments relative to -- as we look out to next year.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I think so, Kevin. I think, largely speaking, we want to hold to the guidelines that we've provided around the incrementals, as well as when think about our capital expenditures, we've post 2.5% to 3% of revenue. And we may have one-off investments that we have to make and we'd obviously provide clarity around that, but we think we can largely handle it within those guide posts. And it's back to Patrick's comments around productivity for growth and making sure that we've got an engine that can produce the room to make the investments to keep the growth going.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So I think, when you think about third quarter, sequentially we're going to be down 2% to 3% from a revenue standpoint and we're actually expanding margins 80 to 130 basis points. And that's largely due to the fact that we've got the incremental restructuring kicking in, in the back half. But we're also driving additional sourcing and Lean initiatives to try and improve the gross margin as we head into the back half.
Michael T. Speetzen: There's a little bit. I mean, you can see it, and I'll use the corporate line as an example, we've guided to a $55 million full year corporate number, which slightly above the run rate coming out of the first half. So, given the weakness we saw coming out of January and February with the weather, we obviously, like we did last year, we took some actions to move things around within the year. Given where we're at, we feel confident that we can move forward with those initiatives in the back half. I think, Kevin, the important thing to note when you compare -- whether you're looking at Q3 versus last year or the second half versus last year, you have to really look back at 2013, first and second half, because they were really a tale of 2 different halves. That first half of last year, we were looking at a negative 5% growth rate and pretty heavy decremental margins in areas like Europe and dewatering. The second half of 2013, not only did we have positive organic growth, which we got volume leverage out off in areas like Europe and dewatering, but on top of that, we got the positive benefits of all the things we had done in terms of the restructuring actions that improved us incrementally from first half to second half year. So there is a bit of that compare that plays into it. And then you have the challenge that we're facing in the back half of 2014, which is primarily around things like pricing and then the timing of the investments throughout the year.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Brian, I guess I'd point back to some of the stats. I mean, first and foremost, we actually saw 6% growth last quarter in the residential market. And if you look at the last year, the second quarter, we actually posted 6% growth. So some of it compares and timing in the cycle. But I'd also say we're not as exposed to all the new construction and some of the things that are driving the improvement in the residential market. The majority of our business is really focused around ground well and circulator pumps that go on boilers. So it's bit of a more nichey play but we have seen some of the positive effects of the residential recovery overall. And I think you've seen that play out in different quarters throughout the course of the last couple of years.
Michael T. Speetzen: Well, I think we'll participate, but again it's going to be driven by a couple of different things. One, the institutional market, specifically, in places like the U.S. And we think we're aligning well in emerging markets, China in particular, to take advantage of what could be the resumption of the commercial build-out.
Michael T. Speetzen: Sure. On the first one, I would say this is, right now, pretty much brute force in terms of just people focusing on making sure that delinquencies are managed and handled, and so I wouldn't suggest there was any kind of big enhancement of Lean deployment that drove that. That's certainly a long-term activity. Although, again, some of the businesses that were experiencing this are fairly far along in the Lean journey. So I wouldn't insist it was all brute force, but largely so. In terms of metrics that are out there, not prepared to disclose any just yet. I mean, certainly, a little bit further down the road here, I'll speak more openly and candidly around what are those big metrics that we're going to be measuring against. There will be some classic ones in there, and obviously -- certainly, as we go after further improvements in the area of SG&A, and particularly SG&A, that will certainly be one of those metrics that we're focused on. The others are very much focusing on what our penetration, in terms of our certification rates, are as well as the deployment of resources on active projects. So we're fairly far behind in that as a starting point. But again, as I mentioned before, the good news on this, from a company standpoint, is that this is not a foreign language for many people in the company, it's just a matter of reinvigorating the focus and deploying it beyond the 4 walls of the factory.
Michael T. Speetzen: Sure, it's a great question. And I'll have more to say here in future calls, on exactly, again, what these goals and metrics are and some of the structural moves that we would be considering taking here in the organization to get after that. I mean, today, we do just below 40% in aftermarket, if you consider with the parts, the service, the replacement piece. That number, in my view, certainly needs to be higher than that. It's not just about the percentage itself and the profitability that you get in that business relative to the OEM. But it's also just the intimacy that you get with the customer, by being in there with them and getting visibility of what's happening from a competitive standpoint, as well. And so I think that what we need to do in the area is obviously set some big goals and metrics, make sure that we're organized effectively to get at that. Right now, again, we do it very well in pockets, depending upon which value center that we're talking about. And then secondly, I would say a big piece of this is making sure that as we go into ramping up our presence in some of the key emerging markets, you want to make sure -- we want to make sure that we really maintain control of our installed base and that we're also selling aftermarket as part of the initial sell rather than try to chase it afterwards.
