Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mike. So please turn to Slide 10. As we look ahead, we have a clear vision to achieve our goal of establishing Xylem as the definitive market leader in the water space. These long-term strategic initiatives will enable us to grow our business, establish stronger commercial partnerships and build a culture in which excellence across all functions is fostered and delivered. Let me briefly discuss our 2015 strategic priorities. We continue to see increased growth opportunities in the emerging markets. As I mentioned last quarter, we are focusing additional resources in China and the Middle East this year, building more robust capabilities and growing our presence in each market. Globally, we're already beginning to develop deeper, more distinctive industry vertical marketing capabilities. One of Xylem's unique strengths is the breadth of products and services we offer customers across the water cycle. Positioning Xylem as the total solution provider for certain industries and large key accounts will enhance our ability to solve our customers' challenges and drive efficiencies along the way. As I've said before, I believe the opportunity to drive continuous improvement and business simplification across the company can and will be a significant lever for long-term value creation. This is the fundamental thread in the productivity for growth mindset that we are driving into our day-to-day activities. Last month, we announced that Tony Milando will be joining us as our Senior Vice President of Continuous Improvement and Business Transformation. Tony just started this week, and he brings a wealth of experience in business integration and simplification. Given the challenging macroeconomic environment we face today, we are looking to accelerate certain Lean and global sourcing initiatives as well as some other targeted cost actions. We will continue pushing the cost levers, and Tony now will help accelerate the execution of our Continuous Improvement road map. In addition, we will invest some of those productivity savings back into the business to build new and stronger organization capabilities that drive faster-to-market growth and margin expansion that is sustainable over time. As Mike mentioned, improving our working capital performance is also a top priority, and we anticipate at least 100-basis-point improvement as a percentage of revenue, excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation. Finally, as I mentioned before, we intend to initially pursue bolt-on acquisitions. While timing is always difficult to predict, we aim to be more active in this area in the latter part of the year. So now please turn to Slide 11. As I review this slide, the growth rates I refer to all exclude the foreign exchange headwinds that we expect to negatively impact our results. Looking at the year ahead, we anticipate 2015 organic revenue growth of 1% to 3%. Our adjusted operating margin is expected to grow in the range of 50 to 90 basis points, reflecting the carryover benefit of our broad-based restructuring efforts last year as well as additional efficiencies we expect to drive in 2015. We anticipate generating earnings per share of $1.85 to $1.95, which includes $0.21 of negative foreign currency translation impact. Excluding this headwind, EPS growth is expected to be in the range of 5% to 10%. Finally, we will continue to execute a disciplined approach to capital deployment, which is expected to result in 100% free cash flow conversion. Please turn to Slide 12. This slide outlines our expectations for 2015 organic revenue by end market. Industrial, which represents 44% of our total revenue, is expected to grow at a low single-digit rate. This projection assumes continued growth in the U.S. but a slightly slower growth in the emerging markets. The public utility sector, which constitutes 1/3 of our total revenue, is anticipated to grow at a low single-digit rate. Here, we anticipate continued growth in the emerging markets as well as in the U.S., where we see encouraging signs in terms of municipal funding. For the commercial market, we see growth in the low to mid-single digit range. Again, the U.S. market appears to be improving, and the emerging markets are anticipated to have continued strength. But we expect Europe to remain soft. The residential sector remains challenged, and we anticipate we will be flat to down low single digits, as Europe continues to be a drag. And finally, our smallest sector, agriculture, will likely be flat for the year. Please turn now to Slide 13, and Mike will walk you through a few more details on our expectations.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mike. Let me conclude by reiterating that we are pleased with our results in 2014. We made significant progress last year, delivering strong financial results, refining our operating model, and raising our execution game. We entered 2015 with solid momentum, and we intend to build on our achievements. I am confident that we have the right strategy in place and we're building the right team to move Xylem forward and increase the value of our shareholders' investments. Operator, we can now open up for Q&A.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, Scott, let me -- this is Pat. Let me take that one. I mean I'd say, first of all, we were pleased with solid second half growth in the business. I would say, though, we need to recognize that we're still operating in a pretty low-growth environment. So we do feel that we're taking share but it's in a low-growth environment. And while we are seeing some pockets of improving conditions, they are balanced with other markets where there's greater levels of certainty, especially in parts of Europe. We do have good visibility into Q1, both revenue and earnings. Obviously, we're being impacted, as Mike indicated, by a number of shipping days. So don't want to get into the -- ahead on that one, but it does have some impact for us. So there's no real concern if we go into Q1 from a revenue standpoint. But as you pointed out, it's a very short-cycle business, and while we do see a number of bright spots, there are challenges. And so we want to be appropriately balanced in our outlook for the full year, given that short-cycle nature and, therefore, we think it's a good balanced outlook for the year.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. So Scott, this is Patrick again. We do have $70 million left in our authorized share repo program and so whenever we sit back and talk about and think about our capital deployment framework, we still see our top opportunities here being to continue to invest in the growth of the core business. And so we are making investments in CapEx and R&D, consistent with the past. We did have the increase in the dividend and we'll continue to pull that lever. We are very actively looking at and pursuing the development of our M&A pipeline. So we're going to continue to remain focused in that area. Obviously, we want to balance that between execution there in our own internal operating execution. But I'm feeling better and better about that and the pipeline is looking more and more attractive. And we will use that remaining repo that we've got authorized if we find that things are not moving as fast on the M&A front as we'd like for it to. But I'm confident that you're going to see us be pretty active here in the back half of '15 on the M&A front, again, focused on bolt-ons.
Patrick K. Decker: And I would just add to that, Nate, and I mean you're absolutely spot on that, as things move fast here, I think our folks in the field are pretty savvy and were very much focused on not just relying on hedging strategies to try to mitigate this FX impact but really, where there's an advantage, to take full advantage of that. But it's fluid and we'll move as fast as we can.
Patrick K. Decker: I mean, I would add that we are seeing the project funnel grow, particularly in our treatment business, which is being driven by that. But again, the timing of these things, many of them are longer-term, multiyear projects and so, again, we're just trying to take a balanced view here as to what to bake into '15.
Patrick K. Decker: I would add that, I mean, we are absolutely committed to taking actions to improve the operating efficiency. As I've indicated before, I still stand behind the fact that we see a couple of hundred basis points at least of opportunity there in terms of cost out. I'd say this is on the heels of a good job by the team over the past few years in terms of taking cost out. But I would say that we're in the middle innings of developing what I would see as a multiyear and multifaceted plan. It's going to include Lean and global sourcing, much of which is already baked into our plan and it's really the driver behind the 50- to 90-basis-point operating margin expansion that we're talking about, before FX. But in addition to that, we have identified some strategic actions that are centered around business simplification that we think can reduce our structural costs. And lastly, I would say, with Tony Milando coming on-board now, together, he and I will be developing and executing a plan that's focused on strategic opportunities to reduce cost that cut across the businesses as opposed to the recent activity in the last couple of years, which is really centered on business unit by business unit. Now the opportunity is to look across the businesses.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. So I -- do you want me to take this one, Mike? All right. We've identified -- I certainly don't want to suggest that we're only focusing on China and the Middle East. I mean, we're certainly sowing the seeds and building the capabilities in other critical emerging markets as well, and we're seeing good growth there. But we're taking a very focused strategy in 2015 and making investments both in China and the Middle East. They're largely driven by the need to further localize our manufacturing, some of our R&D work, the innovation that we're doing around the products and services that are tailored for those markets. And we're also putting some more feet on the street in those markets as well. So it really is more about localization and transferring some of the responsibilities and capabilities to those markets away from some of our core developed markets where the activity occurs today.
Patrick K. Decker: I think these are actions that, first of all, would likely not benefit us until late in '15, predominantly into '16 and onward, because they are going to be a bit more difficult to get at structurally than some of the things that we've done the last couple of years. And we're in the middle innings of developing and finalizing that plan. And so I wouldn't necessarily see it as straight up upside to what we're guiding to right now. Obviously, we're going to accelerate and get these things as quickly as we can. And as I've mentioned earlier, we'll certainly be keeping you guys apprised of the progress over the course of the year.
Patrick K. Decker: And I totally agree with that. We've talked about that internally, and it's really been -- and it's really been myself that said let's make sure that we have this window here in front of us, where we know that we're going to be doing some more transformative things, and I want to make sure that we're able to be as transparent as possible with all of you as to what that looks like. But we definitely want to get to a level of normalcy here in terms of just baking it into our results.
Patrick K. Decker: We certainly wouldn't rule it out. I wouldn't comment right now on a preference as to one geography versus another. I think that we're going through some very attractive kind of value mapping work, as we speak, in terms of laying out, really leveraging this industry vertical marketing capability we're building to really understand what the full range of water management needs are for our customers in different industries. And we're really doing that work along with pursuing some deals in the pipeline already. So -- probably wouldn't want to comment on geography at this stage.
Patrick K. Decker: David, I'd actually highlight, to the extent that there's a recovery in or a continued, if you would, progress in the residential market, that's actually going to benefit more that U.S. public utility [indiscernible] Water Infrastructure.
Patrick K. Decker: I don't -- I think it's a fair question. I don't -- we certainly don't have a sense or a feel that it's necessarily going to reduce our visibility in terms of shipping mix that much. Actually, part of the work that we've benefited from in terms of, one, having integrated our front end commercially as well as the implementations of our CRM solution, is that we -- our teams, especially in North America where we -- we're implementing it first, are actually getting more visibility to building out the project funnel. So we've actually grown our project funnel pretty significantly here over the past number of months as well as having improved our win rate as a result of that. So I think there are going to be things that we do internally from an execution standpoint in getting better visibility and expanding the funnel that would mitigate any of the offset that you're referring to in terms of change of mix at short cycle.
Patrick K. Decker: I would also add that one of the other things that the team is working hard to do is, one of the benefits from a pricing standpoint is when you're able to ramp up your launch of new products. And we have had a number of new products that we've launched recently and a number teed up for 2015. So it's always easier to go talk price when you've got something new to talk about in terms of technology and solutions. So that's going to be another lever for us to pull as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Great. Well, thanks, everybody, for your time in the call today, and we appreciate your continued interest and we look forward to updating you on our next call. So safe travels and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Michael T. Speetzen: Okay. All right, Deane, so let me take a shot at this. So I think as it relates to Swiss franc, we do have some impact from that because we have local cost. But relative to the total size of the company, they're very small and not material. I think the key element to understand is, although we are in Switzerland, our functional currency within Switzerland is the euro, since we're transacting primarily with euro-denominated countries. And so again, it gets back to, the majority of our foreign exchange impact is heavily weighted, and you can see that on Slide 13 in terms of the amount of profit that we capture in Switzerland but it's denominated in euros. As it relates to the hedging program, it's a bit of a call from a company perspective. We have picked 75% because what that does is that essentially gives us some cushion for any variability we have in our forecast. It's all about qualifying for hedge accounting so that we avoid the second part of your question, mark-to-market variation. As long as we can demonstrate that we're effectively hedging predicted cash flows with a high degree of accuracy, essentially, all the mark-to-market gets caught in basically a balance sheet account and then is released as we incur the gain or the loss on the actual transaction. So it takes the variability out of the P&L and it gives us a little bit of cushion from a financial projection perspective.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I'd say, probably not as much as we'd like to be, and I think that shows up in the fact that our hedging program covers about $0.5 billion in net cost and cash movements. And I think for the European exposure, we're pretty well offset, given that most of our manufacturing is done in either Italy or in Sweden. But we do deal with some of the cross-currency effects. And with our Applied Water business, we have a pretty heavy manufacturing base in the U.S., and that gives us a little bit of a disadvantage, especially when we see the U.S. dollar appreciating. But again, we look to try and use the foreign exchange transaction program to put us in a better position in terms of hedging that off.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I guess, I'd characterize not only energy cost but, I would say, overall commodity impact. We saw inflation rates that had averaged out around 2.8% throughout the course of 2014. Right now, built into our guidance is inflation that's just around 2%. So we are certainly seeing the benefits coming through across the board in the business. And I would say, in terms of exposure, we have less than 5% of our revenue that's exposed to oil and gas, and it's primarily, Deane, as you well know, in our dewatering business. And I would say the majority of that exposure is actually against natural gas. We've taken a view that we are likely to be down and that is obviously built into the guidance range of 1% to 3%.
Michael T. Speetzen: And Scott, what I would add to supplement Patrick's comment around the short cycle, our backlog is up as we head into 2015 but it only represents 17% of our anticipated shipments for the year. So just gives you a sense of how much is left to go, and even when you look at the first quarter, I've got roughly 40% sitting in backlog. So we're kind of watching things on a day-to-day basis.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I mean, it certainly plays in especially as we start thinking about the pumps that are manufactured in Sweden and exported into the U.S. and Latin America. And I would say this has been a pretty fluid environment, I mean, given the fact that the rates really fell hard in the latter part of December and then constructively throughout January. We've got our teams obviously taking a hard look at what some of the competitive implications are across the board.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I mean, we -- Nathan, as we talked about through the course of 2014, we definitely saw a pickup and it was more on the construction side, specifically around what we saw on our treatment business, which had orders that were up double digits. As we go into 2015, we're looking at the public utility market overall to be up low single digits. We do think the U.S. is an area of opportunity. We continue to be very balanced in how we're looking at that. I think one of the general concerns is, are we truly in a recovery or are we simply just catching up on the backlog of work? And I don't know that the jury has come back on that one. So I sure hope that it would represent additional opportunity, but we're playing it kind of right down the middle right now.
Michael T. Speetzen: Correct. I'd say a fair amount of the restructuring component is actually associated with the actions that we undertook in 2014. So it's really tied into the $18 million worth of restructuring benefit that carries over into 2015. We also have additional realignment, which is a continuation of some of the ongoing transformation activity we have within the business. And then some smaller elements that are related to, what I'll call, a little bit longer-term restructuring activities that are within the business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I think, Chip, we've taken, I'd say, a fairly conservative view relative to Europe. I mean, Europe was a little bit better in the fourth quarter than we had anticipated. We were essentially looking for it to be flat, and we were up about 1%. As we look out into 2015, we're essentially counting on Europe to be, call it, flat. The Nordics continue to be strong. Economically, in the way they develop their water systems, we feel confident there. We're confident from a U.K. standpoint because we track with the AMP cycle, and we know that, that's going to be into more of a downturn here for the next year and then moving into an upswing. I'd say where the question marks start to come is around Western and Southern. We pointed out the fact that France was down. France is one of our larger end markets, and so we've seen a little bit of volatility there and we're keeping a close eye to make sure that we can understand and track that. Germany's remained relatively balanced and Southern Europe continues to be a net drag for us. And so at this point, I wouldn't say we're going to expect to see something that occurs through 2015, in our view, that's going to be dramatically different than that and, as a result, that becomes more of a drag on the top line growth.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I think as it relates to dewatering, we certainly expect to continue to see growth, with the exception of the oil and gas exposure, where we do anticipate getting a little bit of headwind. I'd say as it relates to treatment, probably not as strong a growth as you would expect, mainly because the project sequence out over time. These can be 9-, 12-, 18-month projects. I'd really look at the core transport and test businesses as being kind of the key drivers. But again, looking at Europe as a potentially drag on the overall performance. And I think from a pricing environment perspective, although we did see a little bit of a positive price, about 20 basis points in the fourth quarter, we're not anticipating that to be a significant driver. We are anticipating some positive price but it's going to be below 50 basis points throughout 2015.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, for us, I think in 2015, it's about net neutral. We saw most of the impact this past year or so.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I think I'll give you my perspective and then Patrick can certainly weigh in. I think we've got to get through what I'll call as next wave of transformation, which obviously we have not fully detailed out yet and need to understand the impact. But I do think, philosophically, we agreed that at a point here in the not-too-distant future, we need to start to incorporate that into the earnings profile of the business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so I -- a couple of comments. One, tough to comment because nobody knows what's actually going to make it through. I think, obviously, we're supportive of any proposal that would enable us to get our cash back from overseas in an efficient manner, given the fact that we have 80% outside of the U.S. That said, we don't wait for tax changes. We've got a pretty active strategy from a planning standpoint and we've been pretty effective, since we spun off, with being able to repatriate cash in a very tax-efficient manner. So we'll obviously continue to watch it. We've got a strong tax team here that stays pretty plugged into what's going on in the regulatory, environment and we have demonstrated in the past that we can react pretty quickly to regulatory changes.
Michael T. Speetzen: No. It's $20 million in total, $18 million of which is from the actions we executed last year. Some of that cost carries over into '15, and then we have $2 million of extra benefit from actions that are occurring in 2015.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, like I said, about half of that $20 million cost is actually related to the actions that started in '14 but, from an accounting standpoint, we weren't able to accrue for that. So if you look at what we incurred in 2014, which was about $26 million, that was below what we had originally guided to and it mainly had to do with the cut-off of what is accruable and not accruable on the restructuring. The balance has to do with realignment. So it's a variety of things associated with getting the Lean deployment, manufacturing footprint, those types of things under way.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so definitely, David, the headwind in Europe, it is just 1/4 but it does carry kind of a mid-single-digit decline with it. The thing that I think we always need to point out with our resi business as it relates to our U.S. exposure, given that it is about 1/2 of what our residential business is, it is primarily a replacement market and it's primarily around borehole pumps. So while we do anticipate the residential market will be on an upswing in 2015, our ability to participate in that is really more on a replacement. Not to say that we don't participate in new builds, where they're putting in ground wells and things like that, but it's just not as big an opportunity as all the new construction going on.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Brian, I want to stay away from getting into the details but the couple of points I'd give you is, it is dewatering, it is rental. But I would tell you, it's in the lower end of the value-add spectrum on that, so I wouldn't anticipate the type of drop rates that we've seen in the past on rental. But as we indicated, it's less than 5% of our revenue. We do think that the team has some pretty good options in front of them to try and offset some of the potential headwinds through branch expansion and some of the activities that they have under way, just given the size of player we are in the market. But at this point, we really didn't call it out because we don't anticipate it being a significant headwind at this point.
Michael T. Speetzen: The team has definitely done that. And what I would tell you is that the majority of our exposure is going to be direct, not residual and, at this point, it's about watching what's going on with natural gas pricing and rig counts. And at this point, the thing I'd point out to you is we actually had very strong performance in the fourth quarter. So we have not seen any initial signs but, obviously, it can change relatively quickly.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So the 3% that I spoke to was relative to 2014. And as I think I answered to an earlier question, we think inflation's going to be closer to 2%. A big portion of that, obviously, is what we do from a wage perspective, which has not come down year-over-year in terms of what we give folks in terms of merit increases on an annual basis. And then there are parts of the component base that have not moderated as much as from a commodity pricing standpoint. So we've got a great strategic sourcing team. They've done a lot over the past several years to drive savings, and we're pretty confident that whatever residual inflation we see, we've got the ability to more than offset it.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So I think as it relates to Applied Water, there's probably going to be a little bit of downward price by us. It's probably less about the competitive environment. It's more about what we've seen in the underlying commodities. That business tends to track more closely. We do anticipate getting positive price, but may not be at the same level that we've gotten over the past couple of years as commodity prices are settling down. I think within Water Infrastructure, it's probably a bit of the market calibration, and we're now entering a period where the market is growing, albeit at a very low rate, and that is taking a little bit of the pressure off. But I don't want to suggest that those competitive pressures have diminished dramatically. I think it's going to be about how do we make sure our teams fully understand and have the capability internally to do the right value proposition selling to make sure that we're getting paid the premium that we deserve given the performance of our products.
