Mark Rajkowski: Thanks Patrick. On Slide 13, we've provided our 2020 planning assumptions as well as the profile, the first and second half market dynamic which Patrick just reviewed. In the first half of 2020, we expect revenues to be down low single digits and then return to mid single digit growth in the second half. We're guiding to 1% to 3% organic revenue growth for 2020 this breaks down by segment as follows. We expect flat to 2% growth in water infrastructure with solid growth in utilities being partially offset by continued weakness in our North American dewatering business, which will be lapping double-digit growth compares through the first half of the year. In applied water, we expect flat to 2% growth through the full year as the segment enters 2020 with weak order trends and lower shippable backlogs. In the measurement and control solutions, we expect 4% to 6% growth with strong second half revenues related to project deployments offsetting lower first half growth against tough prior year compares a 15% growth in North America driven by double-digit growth in water as well as large energy project climates. We're assuming a Euro rate of [1.11] [ph] which was the average for the month of January. Our FX sensitivity table is included in the appendix. Our estimated tax rate for 2020 is 19.5%. Non-cash pension income is expected to decline by $15 million or $0.07 per share due to the planned buy out of our U.K. pension plan. Expected 2020 EPS of $2.96 to $3.16 is an increase of 1% to 8% excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation and the reduction in non-cash pension income. Moving to the first quarter, with shippable backlogs down 3% and at least one to two points of revenue growth impact from the Corona virus in the quarter. We anticipate total company organic revenues will declined in the range of 3% to 5%. We expect first quarter adjusted operating margins to be in the range of 8% to 9% representing 180 to 280 basis points of contraction versus the prior year. At the Xylem level, this will be driven by unfavorable mix and lower volumes, largely in our North American dewatering business, the Sensus North American metering business and in China. EBITDA margins are expected to be in the range of 14.1% to 15%. We see EBITDA margins breaking down by segment as follows. We expect water infrastructure to be in the range of 13% to 13.9%, applied water to be in the range of 16.2% to 17.1% and M&CS has to be in the range of 14.8% to 15.5%. With that, please turn to Slide 14 and I'll turn the call back over to Patrick for some closing comments.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, Ryan. Good morning. It's Mark. I mean it's a, it's a great point and it's certainly something that we pay close attention to at the end of the day. We're going to create the most value by growing. We need to continue to maintain our investments in R&D. We are continuing to invest to grow our digital solutions platform. So we're really focused on, those areas of spend where, we've got too much complexity where we've got redundancy in the organization. And last year, we launched a series of restructuring efforts to get after that very thing. And the savings coming from those programs, all in are going to be roughly $40 million. We're continuing to look at opportunities. We continue to drive cost out through great work that all of the teams are doing through Tony Milando's leadership under continuous improvement.  There's savings that while a little bit late in GBS this past year will provide opportunities to reduce complexity and take out costs as well. So we're not looking at cutting back on investment at all.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, Dean. And thanks for that note. We were certainly looking to vindicate ourselves after last year, but a chunk of that was timing as we discussed, we had built up inventories, we had a big ramp up in sales at the end of the year, high single digit growth. And to some extent, the teams did a great job driving down inventories. There was a lot of inventory to drive down. We had softer volumes and we maintained a good discipline around our inventory build. We've done a better job on collecting cash, managing payables and I would say that, we're certainly expecting as we took you through in prepared comments, a ramping up of revenues in the second half. So there will be instead of working capital being a source, it won't be as big as source of cash flow in 2020. However, we're still looking at improving our cash -- cash conversion cycle and reducing days both in inventories, receivables and pay outs.
Mark Rajkowski: Sure. Yes. Nathan, its Mark. I think it starts with the confidence that we've got certainly in the utility space broadly, but accentuated in our M&CS business. There are the way the projects work in terms of deliveries year-over-year, the backlogs are much stronger in the second half of the year. We also, we're not looking, as Patrick said, for a miracle and in terms of recovery in the short cycle businesses, but they are going up against much tougher comparison. I mean or easier comparison. I would say what really gives us confidence is more in terms of projects in hand in the back half of the year versus a strong recovery in our short cycle business.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes. Nate, it's Mark. We're going to lay out a lot more of this when we get together in March, but clearly it gets back to the -- it is a story of two halves, right? And our mix, it's really tough given compares in our dewatering business in the first half of the year. And also certainly in the first quarter plus that compares with our Sensus North American water growth. But, that does turn around, in the second half given, the project deployments that we see in M&CS, just an easier set of compares in our short cycle businesses, a little bit more robust growth as Patrick mentioned, given some of the timing and commercial business services. And we are expecting to see a better ramp in our digital solutions business. So first half tough, second half better, but all in it's probably not a big contributor to overall margin expansion. 
Mark Rajkowski: Yes. So, the 2020 restructuring and realignment is primarily around business simplification. It's GBS-related. So we are seeing benefits coming from our procurement tower finance as we've talked about is going to be delayed into later into 2020. But we did initiate some programs last year in terms of simplification in Europe additional actions in North America. And as we look at those benefits, we're certainly expecting them to ramp up through the year, particularly those actions in Europe, which were just take longer to work through the works council.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, John. And these are commitments. Now, in some cases, particularly in some of our larger infrastructure projects, particularly in emerging markets but not limited to emerging markets, we do look to get advanced payments. While the orders are in hand, as long as there's a commitment, some of these -- the timing of them can move out from quarter-to- quarter. So that's always something that we need to pay close attention to. But these are certainly -- these are things that are commitments for but timing can shift in any given quarter.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, Francisco. It's Mark. There's a couple of things. One, new volumes are down and we'll see some impact on that relative to leverage. But also mix as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our North American dewatering business have a really tough compare year-over-year, very high margins. And also, just given some of the timing we see in our high margin digital solutions business, there's some mixed impact there as well. And the last point is, and Patrick mentioned this, despite the soft patch in terms of volumes and mix in Q1, we are continuing to invest. We've got customer commitments we need to meet. We're excited about the opportunities in the digital side. So we're actually increasing our investment year-over-year.
Mark Rajkowski: No. It's fairly balanced. It is certainly a component, but we have a global business and we see continued improvement in just recurring revenue in replacement of meters as well. So, but the thing that really makes the difference is a little bit easier compare and more robust backlogs that are pretty much evenly expected to deploy across Q3 and then Q4.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes. The savings we discussed have always been phased. It doesn't happen all at once. The programs that we undertook from a simplification perspective last year in Europe and North America, we're really rolled out as we saw things moving in the back half of the year. So we start to see that ramp up throughout this year. We saw some benefits at the end of last year, but we'll see more this year.
Mark Rajkowski: Yes, well, part of it is, we manage our interest rate risk through swaps and other programs that are certainly benefiting us a little bit this year in the back part of the year as well as a full year benefit into 2020. So that's just the effects of that interest rate risk management program.
Mark Rajkowski: I'll just add a little more color in terms of, so what changed in the fourth quarter? We expected some rental weakness just based upon what we were seeing in our distributor channels. And on the sales side in the fourth quarter, it was weaker than we expected. And really for two reasons; one, our shipments into customers in the oil and gas space are down more than we expected. And some of that had to do with bankruptcies and oil refinery explosions. And then there was a big year-over-year decline in rentals related to storm events. So both of those were more than we expected. But, to Patrick's point, we do expect some of the weakness in rental to persist, particularly as we sell into the oil and gas. And other heavy industry in the first half of 2020, but some normalization as we get out of that period, particularly when you look at the tough comparison that we had to the first half of 2019.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Mark. The transition from 2019 to 2020 sees us emerging from one year of two halves and entering another year of two halves. Despite near term uncertainty, 2020 presents a balanced picture. There are still some good market conditions in the short-term, but as we look toward the second half of the year, our backlog and our line of sight to the timing of major projects provide a high degree of competence both about our guidance for 2020 and about the momentum to which we will return as we exit this year. And both now and over the longer term, we remain grounded in the tenants of our investment thesis. We expect to continue to deliver attractive top-line growth, more investments in the capabilities and solutions that enable our customers to transform their businesses. We remain committed to ongoing margin expansion while maintaining our investments in future growth by pursuing the productivity, costs and simplification initiatives that will make those margin gains sustainable. And we will continue driving disciplined cash generation to enhance our capacity for attractive capital deployment, including investment in organic and inorganic growth and increase returns to shareholders. We'll provide an update on our strategic priorities and our long-term plans at our upcoming investor and Analyst Day on March 31st. We'll look forward to sharing more detail on our technology and solution capabilities, discussing our growth plans and hearing directly from some of our business leaders and customers. I'm hoping to host as many of you as possible then at our Data Analytics Center of Excellence in Atlanta, Georgia. Now operator, we'll turn the call over to you for questions. 
Patrick Decker: Yes, right. I think it's a great point. And I think that, first of all, we still see there'd be a high level of continuous improvement opportunities across the company as we've deployed lean six Sigma starting handful of years ago. But we're still in the early stages quite frankly from my perspective on where the opportunities are, especially beyond the four walls of the factory, but across the rest of our P&L. But, we are definitely going to be investing through this near term noise. We adopted a handful of years ago will be called a productivity for growth mindset and where, a meaningful portion of our productivity has been invested for growth because we believe this is a long-term game to your point.
Patrick Decker: Yes, right. And so, we take at least an annual review, if not even more frequent than that, of the growth profile, but also the returns on capital, economic value creation is the criteria that we apply across, each of our business lines. As we sit here today, there really are, well there are some businesses that might be dilutive at times in cycles to growth. There's nothing right now that is, anywhere close to not delivering its return on capital above the cost of capital. So, everything clears the hurdle at this point in time. It is something that we look at on an annual basis at a minimum.
Patrick Decker: Yes. I think that Deane as we look back and reflect on, kind of what we learned in 2019. I mean, as I mentioned before, and you just reiterated a meaningful portion of our business is still short cycle. Heading into 2019, we were still feeling pretty bullish based on what we were seeing in the marketplace. But quite frankly, we should have built in more contingency, into that view. We think this guide is a balanced view. We clearly see near-term headwinds that we laid out, orders softened in Q4, lower shippable backlogs coming into the year, clearly the uncertainty with the China Corona virus and some tough comps. But what gives us confidence about the second half of the year is the projects and backlog that we have already in hand for second half. And just assuming a modest return to growth in the short cycle, again, not a miracle is required in the second half year. So we do feel it's achievable, but it's a properly risk adjusted.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Great question, Deane. Appreciate that you appreciate that we've tried to be transparent here. We felt it would be disingenuous not to lay out real-time as of what we see right now impacts in the business given that it is, our second largest business outside of U.S. So, first, as you all appreciate, the safety of our people is absolutely paramount. Secondly, we are -- although we're not advertising it, we are heavily involved in the humanitarian response. In Wuhan, we have been delivering pumps, and offering to build water towers there at some of the pop up hospitals. So that's been very important. As you said, this is very fluid and so what we do know right now is that, there would be impact on the shutdown of our factories, because right now we have halted deliveries, again. We don't know how much of that is simply delays versus it would get recovered, either in the quarter or in Q2. So we're monitoring that very closely. There clearly is an impact on our supply chain, in terms of our suppliers being down as well. And so there's that kind of knock on effect that again, we think would be recovered over the course of the year. But we're trying to keep a handle on what that is for certainly Q1. And that's really the basis on which we laid out the impact on revenue and earnings per share. Again, we're going to keep monitoring this very closely and certainly in a position to give you all updates no later than Investor Day.
Patrick Decker: Adding to that Deane, I think, we think it's a very balanced view on working capital. There's really no major movement built into our guide here on working capital. Obviously, we'll have some of the pressure that Mark alluded to here, but there's still opportunities to try to mitigate that as well. We feel much better about the spot that we're in with working capital now than we were a few years ago. I think to your question also on conversion, you picked up on the CapEx, the modest increase there and that really is driven predominantly by some expansion plans that we've laid out for India to support the -- really breakout growth there as well as continued an investment in some of the software, the MCS, but also where other segments, where much of that gets capitalized. And so those are really the two big drivers for CapEx increase in 2020.
Patrick Decker: And we've been hearing as we stay close to our channel partners as well Nate, especially here in the U.S. that they feel quite good right now about bidding and quoting activity that they are involved in. And part of the softness they saw in the second half was working down some of their inventory that they bought in ahead of the price increases that we had done. So there's a bit of that. So more of the -- more of the pressure that will linger in the second half would be in the industrial business. And that's the one that we're staying closest to in terms of seeing what that order rate looks like in Q2.
Patrick Decker: So Nate, this is Patrick. You've raised a very important point here I think for investors to look at and understand, and we will go into much more detail on this at Investor Day is the impact that we see from the shift in growth profile of the company to the higher margin. We will see a recovery in dewatering. It is very high incremental margins. But on top of that, we will see the adoption of AIA and M&CS overall, which will have very nice accretive margins, higher growth profile. So that mix is going to be a part of our story in Investor Day, but that does not remove us from focusing on what we control. And that is productivity cost in our investments.
Patrick Decker: Yes. Very rarely. This is Patrick. Very rarely would they be canceled. And when you think about even our metrology deals that we do, especially on the AMI side, the economics on these things, the returns on capital for utility. Once they'd gotten these things approved in their rate case by the regulator are so attractive for them that they, it would be rare for them to ever cancel one of these. And that's a big part of what we see in the shippable backlog beyond 2020.
Patrick Decker: I would say we've not seen any meaningful change in valuations to-date. Obviously, that could change based upon the volatility you alluded to. And so, we are always evaluating. We think we have a very attractive pipeline of opportunities. We will always remain discipline on valuations. And again, make sure that these things are critical to really enabling the strategic growth of the portfolio. So again, we mentioned earlier, we think there are some opportunities out there this year. But again, we'll have more of an update on that at Investor Day in terms of what that pipeline looks like, at least directionally.
Patrick Decker: And I would say just to punctuate the investment comment, the couple of areas that are really our priority to invest in that segment right now are predominantly, again, meeting, some of the customer commitments on some product modification for some of the large deals. We do have some new products that we're looking to roll out this year in the metrology space that we think are going to be very exciting. And then lastly, continuing to invest in building out the go-to-market infrastructure for the digital solutions capabilities that we've got. And that's not just in the U.S. that's on a global scale.
Patrick Decker: Yes. I think the dewatering space, it has always been quite competitive from a pricing standpoint, although obviously the margins are very attractive. I'd probably rather not comment too much on competitive pricing at this stage. But I would say we don't really, I don't think we see a major sea change in that area, but it's always been a competitive market that we -- and what really helps lift margins in that business is just the emergency nature of it and how critical the services are to customers when they are in need.
Patrick Decker: This is Patrick. Again, you think about anytime you've got restructuring programs, you've got some that are rolling off as you're laughing. And so, we had taken restructuring in the first half of last year that we had announced that really began to benefit second half of the year and trails a little bit into this year. That phase was done. That was kind of phase one in Europe. We had a phase two in Europe that we launched in the second half of last year. And just given the lead times involved in getting things like work's council approval, there's some factory implications. So these things have to be managed. We expect those to happen in the second half of the year. So, there's always a bit of phase in here in terms of when a program gets launched versus when it gets rolled out and deliver savings.
Patrick Decker: Yes. This is Patrick. I mean, I would say, first of all, clearly we plan to spend a fair amount of time on this at Investor Day to really kind of lay out how we're thinking about margin expansion. Clearly, we are still deeply committed to margin expansion through productivity, shifting mix in our revenue portfolio and still some other costs take that opportunity. So we'll walk through that certainly at Investor Day in a bit more depth. I think the biggest drivers here dramatically are the challenges in our two highest margin businesses that being dewatering and simply the slower ramp up of conversion of orders to revenue on digital solutions. We believe those are simply transitory, but we'll walk you through that at Investor Day. Mark talked about some execution delays that we talked about last year as it related to the finance tower. We're still deeply committed to that. We're moving that forward, but there -- it has been a shift in the right. And that's certainly impacting part to 2020. We've also continued to invest for growth so we've not pulled back on R&D or other investments to grow these faster growing businesses. But again, we'll walk you through in more depth on that in terms of how we're thinking about longer term margin expansion and how we're going to guide to that each year.
Patrick Decker: Yes. So, if I follow your question correctly, you have to really break dewatering out between the rental piece of the business and our equipment sell. And actually, we did see a growth in our rental business by mid single digits. It was really the equipment sales that we saw the big drop there. And that was largely driven by reaction on the part of our distributors. They were seeing -- what they saw, CapEx uncertainty, they run to cash, they're small distributors typically. And so they got skittish understandably and pulled back. Our rental piece continued to grow modestly during that timeframe. Now we have again, seen that a weakness continue and that part of dewatering for heading into this year. That's why we're trying to be cautious in terms of how we guide that business. At this point in time, we are still seeing a broad based industrial weakness. And so that does temper our view on how we view this and because it has such a large detrimental impact when it goes the wrong way. We want to be cautious in terms of how we guide here.
Patrick Decker: Yes. Well, I think we have to break it down between -- it's hard to talk about M&CS as one, it's not one business line. So the projects -- they're very different kind of projects. So, the digital solutions piece where we're talking about those kinds of projects, these are things that typically start off in a pilot phase. Then they move into orders. And then, they're always subject to weather events. It's not a reflection of there being a lack of funding or a lack of interest or they're pulling off on those. It's simply a matter of timing in that regard based upon the orders that we had on hand coming out of Q3 and Q4. And then for the -- for the census for metrology piece of M&CS, we've not really seen any change in dynamics in terms of decision-making, length of time it takes, that's not really been a driver here in terms of why we stepped backlog. It's just -- these are large -- several large implementations that it takes a while for those utilities to get their case approved and get the specs finalized and get the RFPs out and finalized. And so there's always going to be a level of lumpiness there. And that's why it's important in our view that we look at these things over a longer timeframe than a couple of quarters or even from one year to the next.
