Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. So in first quarter, we saw revenue of Sandy at $3.5 million. You've got a couple of dynamics going on with Sandy. One, we've had our dewatering pumps there longer than we had actually anticipated. The release of disaster funding has been slower than anticipated, so some of the work that we were hoping would start has been delayed, but obviously, opportunities as we go into second quarter and the remaining of the year.
Gretchen W. McClain: Sure, good question. So mining really is impacting our dewatering business. So let me give you a little flavor of what we're seeing since April. So April is giving us some good indications, a little bit more confidence in a few areas. Dewatering, we are seeing some order pickup from the natural gas activity. And then mining, globally, there's still opportunities for us from a dewatering perspective. So as I look at our dewatering business, which is the most impacted, it is in line with our expectations going forward.
Gretchen W. McClain: Sure, let me give you some flavor on that. So as we went through the first quarter, we knew we were coming into a low growth environment. We knew we had some tough compares from our previous very strong 2012 first quarter. So what we did see is January, February, a little low. We had a pretty good March. It wasn't a great March, but had a pretty good March. As we've come now into April, as I mentioned, I'd say April has a couple of good indicators for us. More confidence in a few areas: dewatering, as I mentioned; natural gas; as well as the disaster that we're all seeing in the Midwest, flooding, that's helping. The other area I would say is our orders in Europe is in line with our expectations, so we're seeing some progress there. Again, we're watching that closely. Our loading program and our building services area has -- looks nice coming into the second quarter, which is obviously a good sign for us. So overall, in line with our expectations at this point. When I look at the opportunity in front of us, natural gas, the flooding, the U.S. residential market is positive. And the areas that we're watching, as I mentioned, is Europe, some of the project delays and any other uncertainty in terms of the market. But right now, more positive indicators.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, Deane, let me just kind of step back on the muni market. As you mentioned, there's the CapEx and there's the OpEx. What we saw -- and I'll talk very specifically about the U.S. first -- is last fall, we actually saw, with the uncertainty in the market, the fiscal cliff concern, we actually saw some pullback in some of what I would say is maintenance operations that typically would be done in expanding cycle. When we came into the first quarter of the year, we saw the OpEx, our transport side of the business, see some positive effects because of that. We're also seeing a couple of areas where we have advanced new products and services. So we are working with our public utilities to bring solutions around energy efficiency, helping them with -- from a maintenance cost, bring their cost down so that they can free up dollars to go towards capital expenditures. As Mike said in his remarks, our capital expenditure, we're not assuming that's going to change substantially. However, the bidding activity, as we continue to talk about, is still strong. The portfolio -- I mean, our funnel is strong, but we're not seeing any signs of any kind of sustainable release of those orders at that point in time.
Gretchen W. McClain: I'd just add one more piece, which is tariffs continue to grow across the board. In the U.S., they're up around 6%. And you've also have got regulatory-type requirements that are ultimately driving the implementation of some projects, both maintenance as well as CapEx, as the funding gets released.
Gretchen W. McClain: I would say mostly in our analytics business, our YSI business, where a lot of instrumentation goes through universities, colleges and so forth. But right now, we still feel confident in our direction and the orders that we're getting in. But that is an area that we are watching and we'll keep a close eye on going forward.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, great question. Let me just talk a little bit. If you looked at PIMS specifically, they were mostly in the U.K, and they played predominantly in the industrial side, which complemented us very well, because we play in the public utility side. Where they were not -- where we are entering in Northern Ireland and Scotland, it's specifically through our existing sales channels, going to see the public utility and actually being able to service them more robustly. In terms of scaling this out, let me tell you how we're working through that. PIMS had a very good set of tools and documentation that we are actually now being able to deploy out through our seasoned sales companies to be able to drive that. We're also using some of their core talent to help us train those teams so that they can get up and running. There's no question you'll need people in each of the regions, but in terms of the core competency, the business model, the dos, the don'ts, it'll actually allow us to run more quickly.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, let me just take the price question, and I'll let Mike walk through some of the details. But overall, we saw in the first quarter 60 basis points from price. We've been talking about driving strategic pricing across the organization, and we have been very successful in doing that. This year, we are in a competitive environment, and we want to make sure that we maintain the share in the markets that are important to us. And so we've talked about 1 to 2 points that we are driving across the organization. In 2013, we will be at the low end of that.
Gretchen W. McClain: And I would just add a couple of points, which is we had new products that we're launching. We're expanding geographically, even with the acquisitions that we've acquired, and gives us confidence as we go through the rest of the year. We've got a short cycle. As I think about quarter 2, we've got -- when you look at quarter 2, it's going to ramp up, which is seasonally aligned. It's about 25% of our revenue. And we're basically expecting second quarter to be down low single digits.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, David, let me take that in terms of the treatment. Treatment is driven primarily from the capital expenditures and the budgets around the globe. We see significant opportunity in the emerging markets as they're building infrastructure to be able to have the economies in the future, we see that as an opportunity going forward. The funnel is getting stronger in the Middle East. It's getting stronger in Asia-Pacific. But even in the developed regions, Europe and in the U.S., while there's bidding activity, given the funding is just not there in the public utilities, it's not being released. Let me give you a couple of dynamics. In first quarter of 2012, we had a substantial amount of large orders. And in this quarter, we saw a little less, but we also saw about -- some of those projects slipping throughout the rest of the year. It's a good thing we have those in hand. It's a matter of them shipping later this year, so I feel good about that. In the treatment, half of our funnel is -- I mean, half of our orders are filled. And so it's a continuation going forward.
Gretchen W. McClain: I'd say, it's going to be lumpy. We've got projects in hand. Like I said, half of them, we've got book-to-bill that we can still go after and so forth. So we'll be watching our treatment business as we go forward.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. As we've been investing in new product launches, we've been putting a lot of effort into making sure that we have a value proposition, that we really position ourselves differently and can bring something different to the customer that they value. So our gross margins, our pricing situation around those new projects, I feel very confident about. So that is helping. As I highlighted, a couple of our new products that we are launching are seeing double-digit type of advancement. So I feel good. Our vitality index, as I've talked about in terms of the robustness of our new products, is at about 16% this year. Just a couple of years ago, it was 12%. So we're continuing to advance. We continue to see them penetrate the market, and that also gives us the confidence that we've got the right position and the right portfolio going forward to address the water issues in the market.
Gretchen W. McClain: I'd just add to this that our whole dewatering model, we bought the -- a leading, #1 position in the U.S. with Godwin, and our goal here was ultimately to be able, internationally, to expand ourselves. So we're trying to have that right balance in terms of pulling back where it make sense but also making sure that we're investing for the global opportunity in front of us. I think last year I mentioned that we had our first dewatering order into China. We now have our first dewatering order into India, and so we are expanding nicely in terms of our opportunity and reach. So I feel very confident about our growth opportunity for dewatering going forward internationally.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, sure. When I look at building services, a couple of things. As I mentioned earlier, in April, we saw our loading program around the building services come in very nicely. So that gives us good confidence. We're also seeing, in the U.S., residential playing out nicely. But typically, that's before you see commercial, and we're seeing our architectural billing increasing, which is a good indicator that, in the future here, that we'll see nice projects. When I look at it from a geographic perspective, we're seeing nice growth in southern -- I mean, in Latin America. We're also seeing nice growth in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. We see that's going to show signs of improvement. We had political unrest there for quite a while. I think we've got the right team and the right position there to continue to go forward. So U.S. recovery in the second part of the year, and I feel pretty good about the direction of the new products the teams are launching.
Gretchen W. McClain: When I -- when we came out of first quarter, our book-to-bill in our Water Infrastructure was about 1.09, consistent with what we said in Xylem. So our book-to-bill is in line with where we are and in line with what we saw historically. So I feel good about that. When I look at the Water Infrastructure and public utilities, again, you're seeing the need for the infrastructure in the emerging markets, and our position is playing out nicely. Where I feel confident, I'll go back to new product launches. Experior had been -- has had a nice launch into the market. We have worked with many of our customers to pilot our products, and ultimately, that's leading them to see energy efficiency and ultimately to buy as we go forward. So I feel pretty confident about our base operations side of the house. CapEx is the area where we've got to watch in terms of the funding and how that flows.
Gretchen W. McClain: So I'll take it from an aftermarket perspective. In first quarter, overall aftermarket was down. That plays to the dynamics of the industrial market being down. You've got mining down. You've got -- then that drives the use of a lot of your products and services there. Applied Water, up 1%. And so you're seeing, where there is growth, you're continuing to see that aftermarket. Going forward, we do see the aftermarket still playing as we think the industrial market plays out. And so we believe we'll see a positive growth in the aftermarket by the end of the year.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, great question. And clearly, M&A and inorganic growth is a key strategy for us as we go forward. I feel very good about our pipeline, probably as robust -- it's as robust as I think we've ever had it. If you look at our track record, the last several quarters, we've been able to announce a new acquisition. So the team is aggressively working hard. We're working in terms of candidates, working in terms of the same areas that we've talked about. Analytics is clearly a key area as we go forward. Dewatering continues to be an opportunity for us. Services, as we look at how we can support our large infrastructure and the customers that we currently have. So those are the key areas. We haven't kind of moved off of that. They're a substantial fragmented market that we work within, and we feel good. The multiples continue to stay stable. And so we're in the game, and we hope to continue to play hard.
Gretchen W. McClain: Right. So it's rental. I mean, a lot of times they're renting this equipment, the more they're using them -- their mine as compared to just necessarily expanding out to another drill site.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, let me just close with a thank you. Thank you for your time and your support for the business. We're looking forward to our next call and showing you where we are, but we've got great activities going on in terms of advancing the business around growth. Our new product launches, our services, our acquisition strategy are taking traction in the marketplace, and we feel confident in the direction that we're going. Again, thank you very much for your time.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Mike. I guess the only thing I would add is, relative to when we talked to everybody on Investor Day, we had some projects push out of the first quarter that -- the good thing is that they're rescheduled later in the year, so we've got good line of sight to that. But that was probably the one area that came out of the expectations that we had articulated at that point in time.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, the move. I think if you look at 2012 from Q1 to Q2, we saw about a 280, 290 basis point movement in margins. We see a very similar line of sight in the second quarter of '13.
Michael T. Speetzen: And Deane, I think it's evidenced by the strength that we saw in the U.S., where we were up essentially 6% relative to -- those delays, from an operational standpoint, can't happen for a long period of time, and I think you saw that play out in the first quarter.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. And so if you think about inflation, I mean, our inflation in the first quarter was about 2.8%. The way we've got that factored in for the balance of the year is definitely on a declining basis, so you ought to be expecting around 2.5% from a full year. So that will become a bit of a tailwind. I think that plays to some of the dynamics we're seeing on the front end from a pricing standpoint, as well as just the year-over-year compares relative to commodity pricing and input costs.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I guess there's a couple of things that play into that. Definitely, with some of the projects pushing out, they pushed out beyond essentially Q2. There's some underlying dynamics that play out as we go into the year. One is, you've got seasonality. So if you look from Q1 to Q2, the percentage of our backlog that's shippable within the current quarter is pretty consistent as we go into Q2 as it was in Q1. And so we've got about, as Gretchen mentioned, just over $400 million worth of backlog in the pipeline as we head into Q2. And from a seasonable standpoint, we do typically ramp up into the second quarter. There was a number of things that happened in our business around loading programs that go into the Applied Water segment, et cetera. As we look out through the balance of the year, we haven't seen anything yet that tells us that things are going to be dramatically different. I think people are still projecting that the industrial production level in the U.S., although it's down versus last year slightly from a growth standpoint, it's on a increasing basis versus last year, things were on a pretty steady decline throughout the year. So that's a dynamic that works in our favor. Certainly, natural gas pricing, now over $4, gives us a good view relative to frac-ing pads coming back online, and our business that delivers water to the frac pad will, obviously, potentially benefit from that. And then you just have some of the other seasonal characteristics. You've got the flooding in the Midwest that's obviously going to play to that. And then overall, you've got the compares. So our growth rates last year were on a sequential declining basis, and by the time we got to the fourth quarter, we had essentially a negative 3% -- I think, negative 3.4% organic growth. So there's some of that, that, from a compare standpoint, helps from a growth perspective.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. And then I guess the only other piece I'd add is -- the question was probably more around revenue. But I think from a margin standpoint, it's also important to think about, obviously, we've got the sequentially improvement from revenue. You can see the impact from a volume leverage perspective. It played out against us in Q1, but that will obviously become a tailwind for us as we go through the year. We made great progress from a restructuring standpoint. We recorded about $5 million worth of cost in the first quarter, but I think it's important to understand that we essentially initiated about 70% of our actions. So we're going to have a substantial benefit in the back half of the year, well over $10 million to $11 million worth of benefit coming from the actions initiated in 2013. We're already seeing the benefits from 2012 play out, and then we've obviously got the continued focus around cost and the fact that inflation should be moderating as we get into the back half of the year.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So labor definitely plays into it. As a factor relative to the total inflation number that we provide, labor contributes about 1 point to that. So throughout the globe, we see, obviously, different inflation rates in terms of what the various labor forces are looking for. And it's obviously a little bit higher in some of our developing regions. But I do think that plays out quite a bit. We see the material component moderating, as I mentioned earlier. That takes time to work itself through the system. We have very little direct commodity exposure, so most of what we're exposed to ultimately comes through some sort of a component that's had some value associated with it. That takes time to work itself through from an inventory standpoint. And then really, our manufacturing overhead, it contributes some. We're seeing normal levels of inflation there. But I think the biggest single component starts with labor, and then it moves quickly to material.
Michael T. Speetzen: David, I'd also add we saw some dynamics in Europe that played out last year where there were biogas regulations that played out in Germany, a little bit in Italy as well. Those have since essentially dissipated, and so there's a little bit of that, that you have in terms of the year-over-year compares as well.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So from a -- it all starts, obviously, with the top line. We see our linearity playing out pretty similar to what we've seen if you looked at an average over the past several years. So I'd expect Q3 to be relatively consistent with the second quarter, and obviously fourth quarter will be the height, and that's pretty consistent with what we've seen historically. That is typically when we see our highest-margin performance. That obviously gets somewhat accentuated by the fact that we're executing a bunch of restructuring actions. Primarily, we obviously made great progress in Q1 and in Q2, and we'll be seeing the full benefit in the back half. And so those dynamics will play out and support a higher margin level in the fourth quarter.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I think on the maintenance side, the public utilities, we definitely saw that play back out. I mean, the U.S. we were essentially up about 6%. So we've seen that come back in line. I think, as it relates to the destocking, the most recent activity we've seen is more around the dewatering. And again, it's relative to the first quarter of last year, when we still saw strength from a mining standpoint. And most of the destocking is in the channel where the mining activity has come down and the distributors are essentially not wanting to carry as much stock. The other parts of the business, I'd say, there really hasn't been a big change, as we've mentioned in the past. We're carrying more inventory to supplement the fact that our customers are looking for very short lead times now, and they're really looking for us to be able to react to that. So we're obviously pushing hard to have the factories be responsive, as well as making sure we're carrying safety stock to meet those requirements. But aside from the dewatering, we didn't see a big change.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I mean, we clearly -- we manage this business very different than we do the rest of the portfolio. And really, starting back in first half of 2012, we started making adjustments. The good thing for us is the equipment is movable between different end markets, and so that gives us some flexibility. We did dial back our capital expenditures in line with the revenue decline we saw coming into '12 as well as into '13. But we're still focused on expanding. We're going into new markets. Obviously, we've talked a lot about Australia, but we're also going into Latin America and into Asia. And so we see areas where we're continuing to invest. In those markets, we've actually seen growth. We're we've essentially had to pull back in certain areas of asset investment has really been primarily in the U.S. And it's a generic statement to make, because there's actually some parts of the business where we've had to invest because the dewatering equipment is being utilized, for example, to support the Superstorm Sandy recovery and some of the activities going on in the Midwest. There's other models where we've had -- obviously had to dial back. So it's a pretty complicated and detailed analysis. But I'd say overall, we've seen a pullback in the U.S. in terms of where our investment is, but we're still moving geographically where we're seeing the growth.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. And I guess the one thing I'd add, Jim, is with the project being -- I'm sorry, project business being down, one of the things that goes along with project business is initial provisioning of spare parts. And so that obviously is a knock-on effect that we're seeing playing out, as well as we see headwind from our project business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, very small presence, limited currency exposure, most of the currency is utilized within-country. So it's really a non-issue for us.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so let me maybe back up a step. So when you look at the sequential growth we'll have from the first and second quarter, you do the math, it's over $100 million of top line. And essentially, we're getting in the mid-30s from a drop rate, which -- it's supported by normal volume leverage. I think you can see how sensitive the business is to that from the first quarter results. Plus you've got the incremental restructuring kicking in from the actions that were initiated in the first quarter. As you get into the back half, you have stable revenue between the third and fourth quarter, and then you get a pretty sizable pickup in the fourth quarter. It does have high drop rates when you do the top level math. One, we would expect to see that in terms of the different markets that we're seeing, but you've also got the benefits from the restructuring actions that are going to hit heavy in the second half of the year. And so when you play all that math through, I think you can get yourself pretty close to the incrementals. The base business is dropping anywhere from 35% to 40%, given the volume lift that we're getting. And then you tack on restructuring on top of that, and that will get you there.
Michael T. Speetzen: No, there's definitely some impact there. We talked when we issued our guidance the first round that, for us this year, we essentially said mix is somewhat neutral. You've got a little bit of headwind coming from some of the projects, but you've also got a pickup coming from the mix for dewatering and some of the activities we have going on from a price-to-cost ratio.
Michael T. Speetzen: Well, there's certainly some of that at play. But you have to also remember, most of that business is service-related. So they may have equipment sitting there, but they need personnel there to run it. So when you think about the activities that we have from a frac pad perspective, there's certainly equipment rental, but there's also the folks that are there monitoring and ensuring that the water flow is consistent and reliable.
