Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. Let me begin with a look at our end markets. Overall, our end market view for the full year is largely unchanged from the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. We do continue to deliver above our growth expectations in the commercial end market, so we've updated that projection to reflect continued strength. Let me quickly run through our projections. As I stated earlier, our utility end market continues to show strength, particularly in the U.S. and key Emerging Markets. For full-year 2018, we continue to expect revenue to grow in the high-single-digit range, overall. Our businesses have performed well in the industrial end market year-to-date. We see continued solid growth in the U.S. and Europe. The heavy industrials in North America have continued to strengthen. In the Emerging Markets, we continue to see stronger conditions in China, India and Latin America, with somewhat softer conditions in parts of the Middle East. We expect industrials to be up mid-single digits for the full year. Organic growth in the commercial end market has been strong all year. We see continued solid growth in the U.S. and do expect some moderation to occur in Europe. Emerging Markets should continue to benefit from increased government spending, particularly in India and China. We've raised our full-year growth outlook to the high-single-digit range. Finally, in residential, we had somewhat softer results in the first half of the year, but we're back up 4% in the third quarter. We continue to anticipate full-year 2018 revenue growth in the low-single digit range. Competition in the U.S. market remains high, where demand tends to be replacement-driven. We also anticipate solid demand to continue in China and other Asia Pacific countries as well as Western Europe. Now, please turn to slide 11 and I'll address our updated outlook. We're well positioned to deliver on our full-year commitments while continuing to invest in our longer-term growth initiatives. With strong revenue growth year-to-date, we now expect our full-year organic revenue growth to be in the range of 7% to 8%. We expect to continue to generate significant cost savings, which are at $115 million for the third quarter, and to drive price actions to enable us to meet our operating margin expansion targets of 60 basis points to 70 basis points. That results in an adjusted operating margin of 13.9% to 14%. This expansion excludes about 20 basis points of margin dilution from purchase accounting for acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to improve by 110 basis points to 130 basis points, which brings the full-year range to between 19.8% to 20%. At the bottom line, we've narrowed the range of expected adjusted full-year earnings per share to $2.87 to $2.89 after absorbing $0.05 in negative foreign exchange impacts over the course of the year. This excludes integration, restructuring and realignment costs of about $45 million. Adjusted EPS growth is projected to be approximately 20% for the year. Now, please turn to slide 12 and I'll quickly review our planning assumptions for the fourth quarter. We anticipate overall organic revenue growth in the range of 7% to 8%, reflecting the benefits of continued strength in our underlying markets, our solid commercial performance, and strong backlog entering the fourth quarter. And lastly, our adjusted operating margin for the quarter is expected to be in the range of 15.9% to 16%, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.3% to 21.4%. Now, please turn to slide 13. So to wrap up, we've had another strong quarter and the team continues to execute at a high level. This performance is driving our strong revenue growth, productivity initiatives, and our solid price realization. That's enabling us to continue to expand margins in the near term while also investing in strategically important initiatives that will accelerate our growth and margin expansion in the longer term. I'm very pleased with the momentum that has been building in the business over the course of the year and will continue to propel us forward. So with that, operator, we'd be happy to take questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, Ryan. So we're not really seeing that. I mean, there might have been a tad of that in the last quarter, but we don't really see tariffs having a big impact on our offering and our channels in the market. Having met with – spoken to a number of our channel partners at both WEFTEC as well as other events, recently, and they certainly were not pointing to any of that activity happening in their channel. So that's not something that we are seeing in our business.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, we see it very much as a positive trend. And the reason we see that is because we feel that we're even stronger from a competitive position when it's a combo utility because the economics around our FlexNet offering make that much more sense for them; that many more endpoints that they're able to leverage off of that fixed network. And so, we do see that trend continuing and we consider it to be very positive.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I don't have – and it would be predominately here in the U.S. I don't have that number off the top of my head, Ryan. We can certainly get it back to you, guys.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, you're absolutely right, Deane. The drivers there, for the most part, are the fact that water quality and connected treatment continues to be a top policy mandate of the central government there, and we've seen that flow really over the last years. Even whenever people were talking about China being down overall, because two-thirds of our revenue there in China is in the utilities space, we were able to absorb the softness a few years ago on the commercial building industrial side; but, it really is the regulatory drivers. In terms of mix for us, that's always a favorable mix from a margin standpoint. We've long said that, as we also are building more of a replacement business in China, we're seeing the aftermarket coming through at very attractive margin rates, similar to what we would see around the rest of the world.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So you're right, Deane. So we are still in the early stages of a number of the pilots that we've talked about before where we are trying different pricing models and – whether it be performance-based contracting, value sharing, or strictly subscription-based businesses. And so, we'll have more to say on that as we move along here. I'd like to keep a little bit close to the chest on competitive dynamics, but nevertheless, the margins we see on that business are very attractive and very accretive, overall, both from a gross margin standpoint and a net operating margin standpoint. We've seen a big pocket in orders here. There are some delays in that converting into revenues, so you will see more of that lift here later in the fourth quarter and into Q1 and Q2 of next year.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So we came in – the orders for Water Infrastructure, overall, came in down 1%. The effect of those order delays – if we would have had those in the quarter, we'd have been about probably 5% to 6% orders growth. So it was about that big of an impact, Deane.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So I – not really much has changed in our mind, Nate. When I look at it, I would say, so kind of where are we in the cycle? I mean, I can't give a specific prognosis on where we are, but I can certainly look at leading indicators. I mean, our orders, again, were up 8% through the year. Our backlog is up 10%. Our bid pipeline is up 11% on the treatment side, which is a leading indicator for the rest of the infrastructure business. And we still think that there is a lot of room for continued convergence in the markets that we serve because of the integrated technology that we're providing here and the whole idea of connected products and software solutions. So we see there being a different dynamic emerging here that we think is going to buoy the growth and the health of this market for some time to come. Also, as you know, on the wastewater side of the cycle, that historically has grown mid-single digits over a long period of time, just given the nature and the criticality of what the utilities are dealing with there and very hard for them to kick can down the road and neglect spending. So we see that continuing for a long time. On the clean water side of the market, that can be a little bit lumpier. That's where the utilities can tend to defer projects and spending. We're not seeing that right now because we are continuing to see this heavy conversion towards AMI on metrology and the communications and Software as a Service offering that backs that up. So we still feel that we're in a prolonged healthy cycle here.
Patrick K. Decker: And we're encouraged, Nate, by the moves that we've seen our competitors make to follow us on price. I'd be more concerned if they weren't. But we have acted like the leader, and we'll continue to act like the leader; and presumably, they will follow as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, Scott, our resi business is really much more of a replacement business, and so we're not really exposed too much or relying too much on resi expansion because of the installed base we have there. So we've historically called that to be a low-single-digit growth. It bounces around if you get a pop here or there in terms of a distributor buy-in or something of that sort, but we're still calling it for low-single digits and don't see any kind of real snap in that trajectory.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So I'd say, again there, one of the benefits we've gotten this year and, certainly, last year was some of the revenue synergies that we've gotten from having finalized the integration of our commercial team in the Americas. That was the last region to come together and act as one integrated commercial team. We'd already done that in Europe and had done that in Emerging Markets. And we're seeing a sizable amount of revenue synergies there across all of the Americas commercial team, and certainly a meaningful piece of that is in the industrial space. I would say, secondly, you have also seen that we are getting the benefits of some of our NPD pipeline and new product that we've launched in the marketplace, and have a number of those that are scheduled here for the fourth quarter and Q1 of next year that we think is going to help us continue to gain some share there. I would say we're seeing some more industrial treatment opportunities as well as we grow our Wedeco offering because of some of this integration together.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So, Joe, the – so certainly, price is a big piece of this and we're going to continue to be driving hard on that, but it's not the only lever that we're focusing on. So we do still have – obviously, we're benefiting in the procurement space from higher volumes, so we get more volume leverage there in terms of our purchasing power negotiation. Two, we're also doing a lot of work right now in what we call value optimized design. Some people call it VAVE, but value optimized design is really about taking products that are a little bit longer in the tooth in terms of age, maybe slower growth rates, margins that may be challenged. We don't have a lot of those in the portfolio, but those that we do, we're doing a lot of work to redesign those products to spur the growth rate and improve the margins; and, we see that being a substantial contributor to our margin expansion from a gross margin standpoint. And then, of course, the third lever that we've talked about is the introduction of Global Business Services, which we're in the early phases of right now. That really is about simplifying our back office and a number of those functions. We're working with Cognizant as our outside partner, and we don't really expect those benefits to start ramping in until 2019 and 2020. And that's predominantly going to be hitting the G&A line where we still – we think we're still about 200 basis points, at least, above where we need and can be at the end of that GBS implementation.
Patrick K. Decker: And I think, Joe, that really the only reason we highlighted it in our commentary was really just the impact it had on the Measurement & Control Solutions margin, which was 70 basis points. It's not really significant overall Xylem. But as we're going through segment-by-segment commentary, we felt the need to kind of call that out. It's not that we're downplaying them. The teams are all over this. And as Mark commented, we have a great contract manufacturing partner that's able to really leverage their scale to make sure we get access to supply. So the teams continue to work it. We're having to pay a little extra to get it, but we're going hard on the price angle in other areas to offset.
Patrick K. Decker: I think – I mean, certainly, Joe, to your point, I mean, we do have a really attractive, healthy pipeline. And so, we will continue to deploy capital on what we think is a great pipeline of assets. Certainly, we keep an eye on valuations that are out there, whether it be public or privately held. But I wouldn't foreshadow anything here in the near-term that we're going to go jump on something just because of valuations being where they are. While valuations matter, of course, there's also the discussions around what cost of capital is. And we always take a long-term view on cost of capital as opposed to where it may be at any point in the cycle. So we're going to continue to be disciplined on how we evaluate these opportunities, and evaluate and monitor.
Patrick K. Decker: And I think, to Mark's point on leverage with the rating agencies, I think we've – the team's done a great job in building a lot of credibility with the agencies. So, we've got more leverage there probably than we would have had in the past just because we've demonstrated that we've acquired high-quality businesses with great cash flow profile and paid things down faster than what we've committed to the agencies.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So our rough exposure there would be about, just roughly, $1.5 billion of revenue. And again, as I mentioned earlier, I mean, we just continue to see broad-based health there. As I mentioned earlier, historically, our biggest exposures had been on the wastewater side. And then, of course, when we acquired Sensus, and now Pure, we've kind of leveled that out now where we're about half exposed to wastewater, about half exposed to what we call the clean drinking water distribution network. And we're seeing – and then, within those pieces on the wastewater side, about 70% of that spending is OpEx versus CapEx. And because we've got such a large installed base there, we tend to benefit in a rising tide in terms of share gain on break and fix and repair and replacement side, which we're certainly seeing right now. And we're seeing that we're still in a healthy space on the CapEx side of the equation as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. It was pretty broad based. And we see that the market in that business continuing to grow in about the mid-single digits in terms of overall spend. So certainly, there were a couple of projects that helped pop that number, but the growth was pretty broad-based both in terms of product line, but also geographically.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So I would just offer a couple of notes here. One, we've guided up to high-single digit for the full year just based upon where we are cumulative through the third quarter and what we expect for, certainly, the fourth quarter. I think our view on what that growth outlook looks like over the 2020 planning timeframe really remains unchanged. I'd say it likely moderates back down to kind of mid-single-digit level, so I wouldn't get too attached to that high-single digit running forever. Having said that, just to punctuate, in China, one of the team – one of the things our team over there did as a great reaction to the downturn a few years ago was to diversify in terms of across a broader customer set, and that broader key account approach is certainly paying dividends now in that growth rate where Asia Pac was up 40% in the quarter from a revenue standpoint.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. We haven't seen – we got a little bit of a benefit in the quarter and a little bit here in Q4. But I think overall, the team's estimating it gets probably around $1.5 million, maybe $2 million on the high end of revenue. I mean, it's high-calorie revenue, but not a big bottom line impact. Part of that is just the nature of these storms and where they occur. And so, where there tends to be natural runoff, the dewatering applications are not as critical as it was, perhaps, maybe in Sandy, where we really were involved in dewatering and de-flooding a lot of underground infrastructure. We are – we will see some benefit in the quarter that we've built into our outlook as there is some repair of utility infrastructure in certain areas, but we don't expect that to be a big number for us in the quarter.
Patrick K. Decker: So, we expect the investments to continue, certainly, probably through mid-2019. And that's a combination of, again, building the platform and capabilities around the new analytics platform with the acquisition of Pure and the other smaller deals that we've done, but also investing in these large international deals from a business development standpoint. The thing about those deals is they're likely going to have decisions on them sometime in mid to, probably, mid- to late-2019. And so, those are binary outcomes. If you win them, then it more than pays for the investments you made. And if you don't win them, you stop investing in the deal. So, we expect that to really be a bit of a cliff in the middle part of next year.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. There's certainly been some uptick in valuation expectations on the part of the potential sellers. I think that for the most part, we've seen people be fairly disciplined in terms of what they ultimately are purchasing something for. We certainly are going to be disciplined. We tend – other than any of the things that you see on the public side, we tend to cultivate a lot of opportunities that are privately owned, either family owned or they're owned by PE. We tend to focus on those areas where we know that we're going to have a lot of very natural high-competence cost synergies and as well, obviously, revenue synergies that we don't build into our model for valuation. We only count on the cost synergies. And as a result of that, we tend to cultivate these relationships over a very long timeframe and try to take them off the market without them becoming competitive along the way. So we're not always successful in doing that, but I'm very proud of our M&A and corporate development team here in terms of how disciplined and well-connected they are.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So we think we have it pretty well reflected in our Q3 results and what the outlook is for Q4. To put it in perspective, we had a modest impact in Q3 of about $5 million, both on the direct and the indirect impacts of tariffs. We think that it might increase modestly going forward, but not meaningful. The teams continue to be on top of it. We're, again, focusing on the execution on the productivity side. We talked about price realization. But also, I think one of the things that many investors are now beginning to probably understand that's a bit unique about us is the impact of our product localization strategy, which we started really about four years or so ago. Whenever I certainly joined, there was some work already happening on that front, but we've really ramped that up. That helps mitigate a lot of the pressure here, because it's not just localization in the Emerging Markets. We import very little of our product offerings into the U.S. from, say, China. We have one small business line that we do, and we're dealing with that in our supply chain right now in terms of mitigating that. But then, even within China and the trade market concerns there really doesn't have much, if any, impact on our business because the largest portion of our revenue there, 90%-plus, is localized. And so, again, we tend to talk about localization from a cost management and getting the right things fit for purpose in a market for growth, but what we're really seeing now is the benefits, when you're in this kind of trade environment, that it does help tremendously to be localized.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. Like I said before, it was just simply timing of a few large projects that if you would have – if we would have had those in Q3, it would have taken us from being down a point to being up about 5% to 6% in orders. Year-to-date, we are up 6% in order growth there. So, the backlog itself, that's really a function of the lead times on some of these projects and when they convert into hard form orders.
Patrick K. Decker: Well, I think, again – I think, predominantly is the fact that we're localized. We're much more localized than many of our competitive peers are in terms of the percent of our revenue that is coming from cross-border movement. And I think, secondly, it is the benefits of scale and depending upon which channel you're talking about and which product lines that we're referring to. So, look, we don't take it lightly. We're just sticking with the facts here in terms of what we see. And I think it's also – again, not knowing, particularly, which competitor you may be referring to, we've also seen the benefits here of having created this global procurement team that we didn't have in place up until about three and a half, four years ago. And a lot of work they're doing is managing these impacts by leveraging our scale, but also working very close with our commercial teams on what are the supply chain management moves that we can make to better optimize our manufacturing network. We've got adequate capacity there and they're moving these things on a regular basis to get ahead of it. They're also the ones that are working heavily with our legal teams on trying to get exceptions, depending upon the categories that are being laid out. So, it's a multi-prong effort.
Patrick K. Decker: Well, great. Thank you very much. Appreciate you all hanging on to the call with us. Appreciate your continued support and interest. Safe travels, happy holidays and we'll be back in touch with you in our next earnings call. Thank you.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. No. I – Nate, we definitely would agree with that view in terms of the ability to be more aggressive on price, particularly, as you mentioned, we saw a ramp up in terms of the material component of that. That's really what drove the quarter sequential increase, and a lot of it was material; a little bit of freight as well. But when we think about the model, it is really important for us to continue to drive productivity around procurement, but also Lean Six Sigma, continuous improvement. But we need to and we can do a better job in terms of margin expansion by offsetting material cost increases with more price, no doubt.
E. Mark Rajkowski: ...just because – Nate, on that, our original assumption when we looked at – when we laid out our target was zero-price, okay? So, yes – and we did expect higher levels of inflation. That's ticked up, certainly, a little bit more material, but we are – that's the whole point about driving harder on price to offset that.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. We're not going to try to predict that. A lot of it is a function of negotiations and ultimate realization. What I would tell you, Scott, is that we've got good acceleration. And just to give you the ramp in the quarter and as a reminder, we got 20 basis points in Q1, 60 basis points in Q2, and then in July ramped up to 80 basis points. We were at 100 basis points in August, 110 basis points in September. So, we've got good momentum moving into the fourth quarter. But it is a function of not just the price increases, but also what you realize; but, we feel that there's good momentum there.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Joe, it's Mark. Yeah. This has been a challenge for us throughout the course of the year. The team has been managing it extremely well. We do benefit from having a really good partner in terms of contract manufacturer that brings their scale to the play. But nevertheless, the demand for these components has continued to increase. And what we've done is, really, we tried to get out ahead of it where we can in terms of bringing on inventory to make sure we have enough to meet our demand. But also, where we need to, we get more aggressive on price so we can get more of our fair share of those components in. And that's really what you saw in the third quarter with that ramp up in inflation in M&CS.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, John, I mean, it definitely will ramp up as we move through the fourth quarter, which is a big cash flow quarter for us. And part of it is a function of how much EBITDA you're acquiring and what you're ultimately paying. Right now, we're at about 3 times leverage. That will continue to decline into 2019. And part of it is a function of maintaining our investment grade rating. But as we've done in the past, we can lever up a little bit more with the clear confidence that we're going to be able to pay this down and get back into our target range. So, we are going to be building more – certainly more firepower as we move into the third – fourth quarter this year and into 2019.
E. Mark Rajkowski: And within our advanced infrastructure analytics business as well, while it's a smaller piece of the segment, that was almost 30% orders growth in the quarter as well.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Brian. Yeah, we had two regions where we saw really strong growth. One was in the U.S. where we had kind of been talking about this. If you go back a year or so, we had tremendous amount of activity in our pipeline and there were a lot of projects that we were bidding on and they weren't getting released. Well, they're starting to get released. And we saw that, particularly, in the institutional building segment in the U.S. It was really, really strong and we think there's some room to run there. And then, the other driver of that growth was in China with a number of key customers where we had very, very strong growth; but very, very good growth in price, some room to run in the U.S. for sure.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Walter. So on the purchase accounting, that's – it's really a function of largely Pure. There have been a couple of smaller deals that we've done, but as we anniversary that, really beginning of the first quarter of next year, that goes away. And the investments, it was – we've been investing both in terms of building out capability to support some of these international deals, both some technical as well as commercial, but also taking advantage of first-mover in our AIA platform, both in terms of commercial resources, but support on the ground, too, to deliver these projects.
E. Mark Rajkowski: And we have some good flexibility in our supply chain, too, both through our contract manufacturer as well as some of our own capacity to make some of those changes where that's – where we need to.
