Patrick Decker: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We announced earlier this morning that our first quarter results reflect strong operational performance, exceeding our expectations on orders, revenue, margin and earnings per share. The quarter's growth was broad-based, reflecting increasing demand across all of our segments, our end markets and geographies. Our momentum coming into the year accelerated through the quarter, with the team taking full advantage of economic recovery and pent-up demand in our markets. Orders were up double digits in all 3 of our business segments, and backlog was up 23% organically. Both Western Europe and emerging markets delivered exceptional organic revenue growth, with Western Europe up 11% and emerging markets up 33% year-on-year, and with momentum up strong sequentially. U.S. demand also continued to recover with orders up 18%. Alongside top line growth, our results reflect considerable margin expansion. I credit the team's discipline, building on the benefit of volume effects and positive impact from the cost actions we took in 2020. Our financial position, which was robust coming into the quarter, strengthened even further on the combination of revenue growth and margin expansion. Looking forward, we are confident about the remainder of 2021 and beyond. Therefore, we are raising our full year guidance on the top line, margin and EPS. I'll talk a bit more shortly about trends and focus areas for the team. But first, let me hand it over to Sandy to provide more detail on performance in the quarter.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Sandy. Xylem is clearly in a strong position coming out of Q1, and we expect this momentum to continue throughout the rest of the year and beyond. Demand recovery and strong commercial performance will drive organic growth. Operating discipline will deliver margin expansion and strong cash conversion. And a robust balance sheet will continue to underpin our strategy. More broadly, our business and mission have never been more relevant than they are today. The economic and social value of critical infrastructure is more apparent than ever. Not only it is critical in times of crisis, but also as a driver of economic recovery, and it's a prerequisite for broader prosperity. From the shocks of the last year, the world has embraced the need for greater resilience and the imperative of a sustainable future. In that context, our mission, our business and our values put us in a privileged position, which will enable us to continue creating both economic and social value for our stakeholders over the medium and long term. We look forward to providing an update on our strategy and long-term plans at our next Investor Day, which is currently planned for September 30. It will most likely be a combined virtual and physical format, but we do hope to host as many of you as possible COVID restrictions permitting. Matt and the team will follow up with more details as soon as they're pinned down. Now with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have. So operator, please lead us into Q&A.
Patrick Decker: And Scott, from our past experience, the teams are doing rather good job on making sure the pricing sticks. So we get pretty good realization when we go out with these price increases. And I think the market is clearly expecting something from us and our competitors.
Patrick Decker: And we saw -- Scott, to your question, it absolutely is being driven largely by sites opening up, not everywhere. But part of that is, again, the vaccine being distributed. I think part of it is just growing confidence in the part of the utilities to move forward with these projects. And that's also what drove our strong order growth and backlog growth in dewatering that we're seeing at this point in time is site access.
Patrick Decker: And this is -- Dean, as you well know, this is happening across our sector, especially in the metrology piece of the business. But it's broad -- it's widespread across the sector. So it's not really creating any competitive pressure right now. It would be a matter of -- if we had shortage, things would move to the right in terms of installations, et cetera. So we're not seeing that as of yet. But it certainly -- if it's a risk, it would be a risk in the latter part of the year.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yes. So on the -- in terms of what problem are we trying to solve for here? Particularly with the utilities, we already had some of our businesses working with ESRI. That was our pipeline condition assessment business, the formalin is pure as well as was water, which does a lot of the kind of valve pipe replacement work for utilities. And so really building off of that long-term partnership, but really expanding now across the rest of our portfolio that is sold into the utility. So it really is about harnessing the power of the geographical data that ESRI has -- they've got a very large share base of utilities around the world. This is not limited to a U.S. opportunity. We think that the power of the collective. I know they are very, very excited about working with us because what they don't have right now -- we don't have access to the weather data they do. At the same time, they don't have the deep subject matter expertise of being able to advise the utility on how to use this data to go address pipeline issues or water treatment plan issues, whatever challenges that utility may be facing and that's what they're looking for us to really bring in. And they see it's the power and breadth of our portfolio since we're not limited on a few offerings in terms of equipment. The case study example of the 1 utility that we talked about in the Mid-Atlantic, we help them reduce their non-revenue water through a 4x reduction in pipe failures. And that 1 project is going to end up cutting their pipe replacement cost by $70 million. On the commercial side of the relationship, I'd rather not get into details on that right now. We can perhaps cover that maybe at our Investor Day later in the year.
Patrick Decker: Yes, sure. Great question. I would say that -- you're right, part of the growth in Q1 is an easy comp, but we are expecting double-digit growth for the full year in China. It's really -- it's broad-based. It really is cutting across each one of our end markets. So it's not limited to treatment or transport or utilities even -- part of that is, again, there has been improvement in China in terms of side access, kind of an opening up more broadly of the economy. And so we see that investment flowing. From a long-term perspective, there really are -- we see a couple of key drivers here. The whole focus on sustainability and environmental impact by the central government there, which has been part of their long-range plan for a while now, is driving real investment, and we see that in our bidding pipeline and our project backlog. Secondly, it is really being driven also, from a competitive standpoint, by all of the work that we've done over the number of years to localize our supply chain as well as strengthening our engineering capabilities on the ground there and our selling capabilities. We've got a great team there, and we've got a quite strong brand name actually across China, especially on the utility side.
Patrick Decker: Yes. We do a combination of structures. And these are not actually for us, large-scale investments that are required. So I wouldn't want to spook anybody on the call thinking that when we say we'd be using our balance sheet, that we're talking about something larger than what it actually is. These are rather small investments in a network that we can make. And it oftentimes happens when maybe there's a consortium of utilities where on their own they can't really afford it, they don't need to have it, dedicated to them. So we will make the investment, and we'll lease it back to them. It does address the affordability issues for the utility for the customer. But that's not the only model we do. I mean there are customers that literally make the investment themselves. And so, two different models there. I would say we're still in early-stage of scaling. And again, we'll have -- we have much more to share there in Investor Day in September.
Patrick Decker: Yes. So obviously, we love all of our businesses. So I don't consider them being boring. But I know that's a bit tongue and shake on your part. The -- but if we think about our -- kind of our core businesses over the history of Xylem, we continue to invest organically in those businesses, and we've done some small tuck-in bolt-ons like in treatment, et cetera, as well. But we're increasing that investment in the second half of the year to where about 2/3 of the investment that we're going to be making in the second half is weighted towards kind of the core equipment product offerings that we need to do. The remainder really being in more the digital side. From an M&A standpoint, we are open. We evaluate opportunities across the spectrum for each one of our businesses in this segment because, hereby, it's really important that we maintain and extend our market share leadership in those businesses and not be purely fixated on just what's going on within M&CS. So that's a big theme across the company right now. In terms of the dynamics of slower ramp in top line growth and margin expansion in M&CS. I know we said this before, and you began to see that here in the first quarter. That really is a function of timing. I mean as these large deals begin to get deployed over the course of this year, second half and then next year and beyond, you're going to see that turn, especially when we look at it from an EBITDA standpoint relative to the rest of Xylem.
Patrick Decker: Yes. It's a great question. And the answer right now is no one really knows because nothing has been approved yet. But I think directionally, as you well know, historically, CapEx in the U.S. water utility space, which is really what we're talking about is more on the CapEx side, has not been funded by federal legislation. And so if this pilot money comes through -- I mean quite frankly, on a relative basis, right now, the number is around $110 billion, I believe. That to me personally is underwhelming relative to the price tag of the rest of infrastructure was being kicked around. And so I think by the time you spread that out across the utilities in the states or at a local level, I don't think it's going to put as much pressure on utilities, as you pointed out. Moving away from otherwise progress they would be forced to make to protect their investments. So we'll see when we get there. That's not the rumbling that we're getting. I mean we stay close, for example, to NACA, which you will know is the North American Clean Water Association. And that's one of the questions we ask of those large utility players, is what do they think about the proposed bill? They're encouraged, but they're not making any plans based on it right now. I mean not at least widespread.
Patrick Decker: And I think partly what we're really suggesting here is the uncertainty continues around the supply chain, in areas that -- it's moving around, and we've just gone out with price increases, and we have another one being rolled out. So we really want to see how that sticks and how that plays out as we get through Q2. And then we'll have a better view on the second half at that point.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Matt, why don't you go through the numbers, and I'll talk about what we're seeing in terms of just momentum in the business. And we have -- I mean we still show it that from a reporting standpoint as AIA within the M&CS segment. But from a branding standpoint, we now refer a piece of that, which is the pure digital as Xylem view, which is our consultative business. And then we have the Pipeline Condition Assessment business, the artist formally known as Pure that's in there as well. So, those are two very different businesses, and they're now run separately. We saw nice momentum in both businesses. Matt can share the detailed numbers. But really good look at bidding activity on the digital side, order growth, backlog growth, margins, strong incremental margins on that business. So that team that we set up last year really is beginning to get some big traction now, not just with utilities in the U.S. but also across emerging markets in Europe.
Patrick Decker: And I would say, Scott, it was those digital capabilities that were, in some cases, the distinguishing competitive advantage that really kind of helped get it across the finishing line.
Patrick Decker: Yes, we have been -- I mean we have been working to qualify additional suppliers. But the predominant work that's been done is to work closely with our largest contract manufacturer, which is Flextronics. And obviously, with their large procurement capabilities in the mass procurement they do, we've got a really nice partnership with them, and we've been able to make sure at this point that we're getting our fair share of the components that are out there despite the shortage. And we just got to stay close to them and keep working that through the year.
Patrick Decker: Yes. No, thanks. M&A is clearly an important piece of our long-term strategy, and so we continue to actively cultivate the pipeline. It is a very robust pipeline. It's very active. We would really be focused on further strengthening our digital platform, really diversifying some of our end market concentration. So as we said before, perhaps something in the industrial water space. And then, of course, as I mentioned earlier, always look at opportunities to strengthen our core. In terms of valuation, we have seen some multiple inflation there, but really tends to be around things in the digital space of scale. We've not been actively participating in some of those deals have been announced here recently because we like the portfolio that we've got. But we're always in the game on those in terms of looking at it. But we do want to be disciplined on valuation. What I would say is I acknowledge your comment and that is we've got a strong balance sheet, our equity is a valuable currency right now and both of those give us, we think, relative advantage to bring some of these differentiated assets into our portfolio. There is a reminder that we've got this $600 million note that's due in early Q4. So we -- that's not going to constrain us. But as you all are modeling cash and balance sheet, just make sure that you keep that in mind.
Patrick Decker: Thank you. Well, thank you all for joining and for your continued interest and engagement here. Really appreciate the support. Look forward to seeing you again on our next earnings call, but also at our Investor Day, September 30. Matt and the team will be reaching out and coordinating with all of you to make sure that we get that scheduled for you. And so in the meantime, again, have a great remainder of your spring and summer. Stay safe. Stay well. And all the best of your families and colleagues. We'll see you soon.
Sandy Rowland: Thank you, Patrick. The first quarter was clearly a meaningful step forward. The team delivered exceptional performance, capitalizing on demand recovery in the majority of our markets. Revenue grew 8% organically versus the same period last year, with performance better than our expectations across the board. Strong double-digit revenue growth in wastewater utilities was paired with broad-based industrial demand recovery. Geographically, emerging markets in Western Europe both grew double digits, while the U.S. was down 1%. I'll touch on revenue performance in more detail covering each of the segments. But in short, utilities were up 3%; industrial was up 14%; commercial, up 5%; and residential was up 31%. Organic orders grew 19% in the quarter as all 3 business segments contributed double-digit order gains. Importantly, it was also the third consecutive quarter of sequential orders improvement. Looking at the key financial metrics. Margins were above our forecasted range with EBITDA margin coming in at 17.1% and operating margin at 11.4%. The 480 basis points of EBITDA expansion came largely from volume and productivity, partially offset by inflation. Earnings per share in the quarter was $0.56, which is up 143%. Please turn to Slide 5, and I'll review our segment performance for the quarter. Water Infrastructure orders in the first quarter were up 14% organically versus last year with revenues up 11%. And geographically, Western Europe grew on healthy demand, while emerging markets delivered strong performance, recovering from a COVID-impacted quarter last year. The U.S. was flattish as double-digit growth in wastewater transport was offset by soft industrial performance. EBITDA margin and operating margin for the segment were up 430 and 490 basis points, respectively, as strong productivity and volume leverage offset inflation. Please turn to Slide 6. In the Applied Water segment, orders were up 25% organically in the quarter, driven by recovery in demand in North America and strength in Western Europe. Revenue was up 13% in the quarter with growth in all end markets and geographies. Residential and industrial grew 31% and 15%, respectively, while commercial grew 5%. Geographically, the U.S. was up modestly as residential and industrial gains were offset by lagging commercial end markets. By contrast, improving commercial demand in Western Europe contributed 15% growth with additional strength in residential. Emerging markets were up 51% due to the timing of prior year COVID shutdowns as well as commercial recovery in Middle East and Africa. Segment EBITDA margin and operating margin grew 250 and 280 basis points, respectively. The expansion came from volume, absorption and productivity. And now please turn to Slide 7, and I'll cover our Measurement & Control Solutions business. In M&CS, orders were up 19% organically in the quarter with double-digit growth across both water and energy applications, driven by large metrology projects. Segment backlog is up 29%. As anticipated, organic revenue growth showed solid quarter sequential improvement, but finished flat year-on-year. Water applications grew in the mid-single digits with strong demand in the test business. In energy applications, revenue was down mid-teens as certain large deployments were completed in the same period last year. Geographically, the U.S. was down mid-single digits, but we anticipate project deployments will ramp through Q2 on loosening site access restrictions and then accelerate through the second half. Emerging markets were up 8%, and Western Europe grew 9% from metrology project deployments and demand in the test business. Segment EBITDA margin and operating margins in the quarter were up 770 and 600 basis points, respectively. Modest price realization and strong productivity savings as well as a prior year warranty charge more than offset inflation. Now, let's turn to Slide 8 for an overview of cash flows and the company's financial position. Our balance sheet continues to be very strong. We closed the quarter with $1.7 billion in cash. Free cash flow was in line with our expectations as well as our historical seasonality patterns. Managing working capital remains an enterprise-wide priority, and we are especially pleased with our accounts receivable performance. Net debt-to-EBITDA leverage was 1.6x at the end of the quarter. Now please turn to slide 9, and I'll turn the call back over to Patrick.
Sandy Rowland: Yes, sure, Scott. So I think you're asking specifically about the first quarter. If we look at our first quarter performance around price, it's basically flat. It's slightly positive and very much in line with our expectations. We did go out with a price increase, but that was back-end loaded in the quarter. It didn't take effect until the back half of March. As -- we're not unique. We're seeing increased inflation headwinds. And so we do expect to see more realization on the price front as the year unfolds. We do have a second price increase that will take effect later in the second quarter. And that actually was a higher price increase than what we went out with earlier in March. So.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. I think, Scott, I'll look at the data, right? So very encouraged about the projects that we have lined up from a deployment perspective. As we kind of track, we book an award. It goes into our backlog. The next phase is that we receive tangible orders from our customers. And then you start to see it reflected in our revenue. And so we're kind of at that middle stage now. If you look at our orders performance in the quarter, within M&CS, we're right about 20% orders growth year-over-year. And a big piece of that is the large project deployment starting to convert into tangible orders, so.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. Sure, Dean. Let me start with some color. First of all, we think that our team did a really good job in the first quarter in meeting supply in what was a challenging supply chain environment. We feel like we're in good shape for Q2. And we're continuing to monitor the situation for the back half of the year. It's a fairly dynamic situation. And we have certain components, microchips that look good and then that can change and then we solve that problem. So it's a dynamic situation. Our team is on top of it, very focused on it. We've worked -- we work closely with our contract manufacturer partners, and they're very plugged in and larger than we are. And so we think that provides some protection. But having said that, it's a risk item for the second half of the year. And so we want to be measured and watch how this unfolds over the next 90 days. And next time together, we'll come back to you with an update.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. So good question, Andy. I think first of all, when we went out with our guidance for the full year of 2021, we did expect that the margin expansion would be stronger first half, second half. And there's multiple reasons for that. So starting with the restructuring actions that we took in 2020, we realized about $70 million of restructuring and structural cost benefit last year. About $50 million of that was in the back half of the year. And we're calling for about $60 million of restructuring savings in 2021, and that will be more front-end loaded. So 2/3 of that should come in the first half. So you have a little bit of a difference from a timing perspective on the restructuring side. And then the other thing is some of our discretionary costs. We took out about $60 million of discretionary costs last year. And in our plan, we have about 40% of that returning. That actually was a tailwind for us in Q1 because we've had travel and other items going on last year in Q1. That will start to flip in the second half of the year and become a headwind. And the other area, I think that it's really important is, we've strategically staggered the timing and phase, the timing of our investments. And so those are to support our growth platform. So things like building out our digital platform, continuing to -- we just talked about the emerging markets. We're expanding our channel in the emerging markets. We're continuing to focus on localization. And so those investments will come in higher in the second half of the year. And I think the new thing is that inflation and -- has continued to tick up. And while we're taking pricing actions, they don't always perfectly offset from a timing perspective. And certainly, we're watching the supply chain constraints closely.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. So we've put a number of things in that bucket. And first of all, I need to give a shout out to the team because the performance in the first quarter was exceptional and stronger than what we had modeled. So we put things in there like our continuous improvement activities that take place in our manufacturing centers and within our supply chain. We also put our procurement negotiation upside that comes through productivity. That kind of offset some of the inflation headwinds that we're feeling as we're able to incorporate things like value engineering or better designs for existing products. Our restructuring savings were a contributor this quarter as well. That was about 100 basis points, purely restructuring and other structural cost savings, takeout was another 100, 150 basis points. So it's really a combination of a number of factors, and every -- all parts of it contributed this quarter.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. So thanks for the question, Connor. We're feeling -- it's something that we're watching closely, both from an inflation perspective and a shortage perspective. Particularly from a shortage perspective around resins and plastics, we think that the storm that took place earlier in the year in Texas put some pressure on the global -- on the supply chain. And our teams have been working at that, and I think they've been making good progress. And so when it comes to plastic shortages, we feel good about the supply that we've secured for the second quarter. And I think we're in a good place from a momentum perspective. Still work to do, but those are kind of resolving themselves in a favorable way. We're seeing inflation in copper, aluminum and steel. And that's an important part of why we've gone out with the second price increase in the second quarter.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. I think that hasn't changed. But when you incorporate the productivity that we're going to continue to drive out of our manufacturing sites and within our supply chain that will be on the positive side of that.
Sandy Rowland: No. I think if you look at what we implied through our guide, you'll see margin expansion in the second half compared to the first half. So we are -- I think we're off to a great start. And we're -- on a quarter -- on a sequential basis, you should see margin expansion in the second half as well.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. I think that's a good question. There have been some orders that have been placed to take advantage of pre-price, before the price increase takes effect. And so that's why what we've modeled is that we'll see greater price realization coming in Q3 and Q4 as we work through the existing orders that are in backlog.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. So first of all, with 25% year-over-year growth, there is definitely an uptick in demand. And so we can't dismiss. We think that there was some placement of orders a little bit earlier than normal because many, many companies are dealing with the supply chain constraints and shortages. And so customers want to get -- they want to be first in line to protect their supply. But net-net, very good performance. We're seeing good recovery on the industrial side. Residential remains strong. And commercial is starting to come back, particularly outside of the U.S.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. So if we look at Q1, what we're seeing is about 70 basis points from -- came from what we call continuous improvement. And that's hard work that takes place day after day in our manufacturing centers. And then our procurement organization delivered about 220 basis points of savings this quarter, which was a really good number. And so I think that's a high number. But net-net, this productivity element is a core part of our planned margin expansion for the year, and we're very glad to start seeing it right out of the gate.
Sandy Rowland: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Good question. I think from the orders growth, if we did not have supply chain constraints, we would have likely increased the guidance there because the large project deployments, which is a core part of our plan, are coming through in line with our expectations, and our customers are ready to go, which we're very, very encouraged about. But the situation on the electronics components is very, very dynamic. And so we want to continue to monitor and see how that plays out over the next few months. And we've taken extra inventory where it was possible. It takes a little bit of time to substitute parts out and get those certified, but that's something that our team is also working on. And I think we're not alone here. So I think this is well understood in the industry that there's a shortage of microchips. And so far, we've kept everything up and going, and we're going to keep fighting.
