Phil De Sousa: Thank you, Christie, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Xylem's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Decker; Chief Financial Officer, Mark Rajkowski; and Vice President of Finance Global Operations, Shashank Patel. They will provide their perspective on Xylem's first quarter 2016 results and discuss the full year outlook for 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will address questions related to the information covered on the call. In order to have enough time to address everyone on the call, I will ask that you please keep to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue. We anticipate that today's call will last approximately one hour. As a reminder, this call and our webcast are accompanied by a slide presentation available on the Investors section of our website at www.xyleminc.com. Further, a replay of today's call will be available until midnight on June 7. Please note that the replay number is 800-585-8367 and the confirmation code is 29483779. Additionally, the call will be available for playback via the Investors section of our website under the heading Presentations. With that, please turn to slide two. Just a few key notes for today's presentation. All references today will be on an adjusted basis unless otherwise indicated and non-GAAP financials are reconciled for you in the Appendix section of the presentation. Additionally, please note that references to 2016 metrics include the financial impact attributable to previously closed acquisitions and have been adjusted to exclude non-recurring acquisition-related costs. We will make some forward-looking statements on today's call, including references to future events or developments that we anticipate will or may occur in the future. These statements are subject to future risks and uncertainties, such as those factors described in Xylem's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Please note that the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, and actual events or results could differ materially from those anticipated. Now, please turn to slide three. I'll turn the call over to our CEO, Partick Decker.
Phil De Sousa: Hey, Joe. It's Phil. I'd just highlight. So if you're looking just on the face, it looks like we have got 20% incrementals for the quarter...
Phil De Sousa: But if you back out the acquisition impacts, we're right in the sweet spot of the norm of about 35% incrementals overall. So pretty much in line with what we would have expected.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks Mark. I'll begin by making two quick points. First, the growth rates I refer to on this slide all exclude the anticipated negative foreign exchange impact that we discussed in our last earnings call. Second, and more importantly, as I said in my opening remarks, there is no change in the outlook for the performance of our core business. We continue to expect to generate faster-than-market growth, delivering organic revenue growth of 2% to 4%. While I'll cover specific details by end market on the next slide, let me highlight that we continue to expect stable conditions across roughly 90% of our portfolio, including growth across all key geographies. Additionally, we expect acquisitions will provide an additional 1% of revenue growth. Our adjusted operating margin is still expected to grow in the range of 50 basis points to 80 basis points overall, with roughly 20 basis points of margin dilution from the acquisitions of HYPACK and Tideland. Excluding the dilutive impact of acquisitions, our operating margin is expected to expand by 70 basis points to 100 basis points. This expansion will be realized after the impact of investments we are making to accelerate profitable growth. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to drive our continuous improvement work deeper into the organization with very good results. We expect our Lean and global procurement initiatives to generate full year gross savings of $120 million, an increase of roughly 20% year-over-year. We're raising our earnings per share guidance to $1.98 to $2.08 to reflect the interest savings from our debt refinancing. This range excludes restructuring and realignment cost of about $25 million, but this projection does include $0.04 of negative foreign currency translation impact. Excluding this impact, EPS growth is now expected to be in the range of 9% to 15%. We will continue to execute a disciplined approach to capital deployment, which is expected to result in free cash flow conversion greater than 100% after investing $120 million to $130 million in CapEx. Finally, we currently anticipate returning a minimum of $150 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now, please turn to slide nine. Let me summarize our updated full year performance by end market and highlight a few changes since our previous outlook in February. Beginning with industrial, which represents 44% of total revenue. We continue to expect this market to be flat to up low-single-digits. Our projection assumes that low-single-digit growth in general industrial will be partially offset by headwinds in the mining and oil and gas sectors. While first quarter performance in mining, which represents approximately 5% of total revenue, was generally in line with our expectations, we continue to closely monitor market trends. Oil and gas, which now represents less than 3% of total revenue, is forecast to decline through the first half of this year before we lap last year's second half of nearly 40% declines. Public utility, which represents 33% of our total revenue, is now anticipated to grow at a mid to high-single-digit rate. Here, we've raised our outlook, following a strong first quarter start and with the expectation of continued momentum in the U.S. We also see encouraging signs for improved European market conditions, including strong contributions from the AMP6 cycle in the UK. And in the Emerging Markets, we expect to see continued project growth. For the commercial end market, no change to our expectation of mid-single-digit range growth. We see solid contributions from both the U.S. and Europe and double-digit growth in the Middle East. The relatively warmer winter weather led to a slow start to the year for residential heating applications and tougher macro conditions in Australia. As a result, we now expect the residential market to be flat year-over-year. And finally, our smallest sector, agriculture, we anticipate will be up low-single-digits for the year. Please turn to slide 10 and Mark will provide some calendarlization insight for the rest of the year.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. So, we feel good about our start to the year and are pleased to be on track to deliver on our financial commitments. Our teams are executing well and remain focused on improving the customer experience. We continue to be encouraged by strengthening public utility market. We are making measurable progress on our strategic priorities, particularly in the area of continuous improvement, accelerating our investments in innovation and technology and investing in faster growth markets. We've made good strides in improving our working capital performance, which will lead to another year of strong free cash flow conversion. With that operator, we can now begin the Q&A session.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, Deane. This is Patrick. Yeah. To put a total on the combination of timing on some of the project deliveries and treatment that we've alluded to, as well as the weather impact, we'd say, it was roughly about $8 million of revenue, so just under a point of top-line growth. And I'd say, probably a little less than a third of that was the actual impact of the weather, albeit at high margin given the impact that it had on our Godwin business. To the second part of your question, we certainly see the weather patterns that are happening here as an opportunity both in the immediate term, but there is a systemic move here as you see happening. And so, we certainly have deployed our resource (34:40) on the ground, not only tactically but strategically. Part of the things we've been doing there is leveraging what we're doing in the deployment of Salesforce.com and making sure that our teams, not just in Godwin, but also on the Flygt side of the business, are sharing leads, and making sure that we're maximizing the opportunity there.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Great question, Deane. So, as you know, I've spoken much about -- I do think that there is a great opportunity for us to continue to move our offerings up the technology curve. It really comes out of the value mapping work that we did over the course of the first year or so that I was here. That definitely has informed our priorities, both in terms of organic investment in R&D and the innovation technology roadmaps that Jay, our new Innovation Technology Officer and our R&D teams, are really focused on. But at the same time, it's also informing our M&A pipeline. Certainly the acquisitions of HYPACK and Tideland were a demonstration of that, and we see a very rich pipeline of further opportunities to be able to do that. You know that we set out some ambitious goals at Investor Day on where we can take our vitality index, in terms of revenue generated from new offerings over the last five years. And so, we're expecting for several hundred basis points of improvement and expansion on that over the next four years to five years.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So it is a – we are purposely breaking it out because I think it's important for our investors to understand what we're doing in driving productivity support larger investments. I do want to point out that we have got very good line of sight and visibility obviously on the rate and pace of those investments, and so we're not just opening the floodgates here. We are very focused on investing in very attractive return opportunities, margin expansion that need to be accretive. A big theme of our here is not only to move the operating margin expansion but to improve our gross margins as a company as well. So that would be the color I would give you, is that we've been very focused in being accretive. We've got good line of sight on what they are. We're rating and pacing them. And you'll continue to see us break those out as we go forward. I don't know, Mark, if you want to add any color.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I mean it's – from my perspective I think it's a sizable increase and if you look at the level of productivity we drove in the quarter and have over the course of the last year and you see us making those investments here, hard for me to put a specific number on exactly how much we've done in the past. I would say we are probably talking close to 2x the amount of what we've seen historically. And, again, that's being funded by what we are doing on the productivity side while still committing to operating margin expansion.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. We saw some continued encouraging signs, Nathan, in other parts of Europe. Southern Europe continues to be basically flattish but we did see pretty good growth in the rest of Central and Northern Europe.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I would say, it's pretty much stable from here, Mike. What you hear us talking about in Q2 really is just the impact of the shift of the projects and some of the acceleration of work in the public utility space due to the weather to Q1. So you're looking really at basically 3% over the first half of the year, which is pretty much in line with our guidance, and we'd look for similar performance in the back half of the year. So no real uptick. I mean, you heard us talk about some improvement in public utility versus our previous outlook, but that's really being mitigated a little bit by some of the softness that we continue to see in mining and oil and gas, and a little bit in resi that we called out.
Patrick K. Decker: I would just add here. Another a bit of color on the backlog is, as we look at the treatment pipeline, which is a good leading indicator for the rest of our public utility kind of business here, it is lumpy and so you do see these kind of quarter-to-quarter comparison that would be challenging, but the actual bid pipeline that we're going after is actually up 10% year-over-year. And so, we continue to see very healthy trends in terms of the projects that are coming to market. And so, that bodes well for the back half of this year into 2017.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, as expected, China was down both in terms of top-line growth and orders year-over-year because we are lapping the drop off there that really occurred mid to late last year. But quarter sequential, we saw 20% plus growth in orders. And so, that's very encouraging for us. It looks like it appears to be stabilizing. What's really driving that? Again, as we talked about in our prepared remarks is just being the number one policy issue right now or one of the top policy issues for the China government. And so, we continue to see a very attractive pipeline there, projects coming forward and good order trends.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Yeah. In the quarter, we saw about 30 bps to 40 bps of pricing benefit in the Water Infrastructure business, which is really the business that's benefiting the most from kind of the rising tide of public utility. And so, that was really the first time we've seen that in quite a while, so we're pretty encouraged by that.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, yeah. So, the biggest – far and away, the biggest area of strength for us right now is the U.S. We saw a 22% growth in the quarter coming from the U.S. Now, again, that was a combination of some of the benefits of the warmer weather conditions, some of the increase in repair and maintenance activity and also some project strength. So, that's – we are not going to hold to the full year at that level but we're expecting it continuing to be very attractive. And then secondly, we saw, again some returning strength in Europe. As Shashank mentioned earlier, we haven't really begun to see the full impact of the AMP 6 cycle in the UK but we are seeing some of the activity coming through in Q2 now, and expect that to really begin to ramp up for here over the course of the year. India was another real big bright spot for us, I mean, up 90% and the pipeline is continuing to grow there. I'd say, no real areas of weakness that I would call out in public utility. It was pretty broad based. We were up 12%, overall the company. So, I'd say that's one of our biggest bright spots across the board.
Patrick K. Decker: No, nothing really to speak of. I mean, it's pretty broad-based across the board. I mean, I think, we didn't see any areas where we saw low-single digits or flattish or down. Everything was growing at least mid-single digits. I think it's a matter of relative bright spots.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I mean, we certainly feel very confident about the bright spots we're seeing early on here as we've – whether it be revision of some our incentives, whether it be the implementation of Salesforce.com, whether this be our teams getting more time together, we co-located some of our offices, and our sales teams. There is a lot of ingredients that go into that, an increase in training that we've done and just being very proud of how hard our teams are working in the field, they are getting added. And I think, that's where leveraging our combined efforts are important. I also think that's we are having a definitive market-leading brand or brand that we've got, you tend to benefit in a rising tide. And we just can't – there is no rest for the weary here, so we can't. We got to keep looking over our shoulder and working as hard as possible.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Sure. So, certainly, we – given the oil and gas and mining exposure, that our dewatering team has been facing there that was a big body blow for us last year. And really provided a headwind for against all the other great margin expansion efforts that we were doing. The team within that business did a fantastic job of at least holding their margins flat, despite a significant drop off last year in revenue. And I think, we are confident that as that business rebounds, hard to make a call as to when oil and gas and mining might rebound, but certainly as that business laps that and begin to get some additional top-line growth, we would expect to see quite sizable incremental margins fall through, given a number of the cost actions the team took last year to manage the bottom. And that certainly would be an accretive impact for Water Infrastructure.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I mean I think we feel quite comfortable and good about the outlook. I think the momentum that we see is very much in line with our plan and kind of where we've guided to. As we talked about, we got a number of these big projects last year. So, when you're looking at year-over-year comparisons, there is going to be some lumpiness there. I know that people can look at orders within Applied Water. That's not a big backlog business. And so, it really is heavily skewed towards book-and-ship business. And so, again, we feel positive. Again, we're keeping our expectations in check here. We're in the early stages of a public utility recovery. And hopefully we're seeing things stabilize in the Emerging Markets. China obviously had a significant impact in the order book in Q1 on a year-over-year basis as well.
Patrick K. Decker: I'd just add that within that guide we've also got about a 100 basis points from it – going the other direction from strategic investments. And so, obviously, as I mentioned earlier, we got line of sight to that. We will rate and pace that accordingly, but right now we feel confident about making those investments.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, very quickly on the industrial piece, it's good to pull it out as you did. So in that 44% of overall industrial revenue for us, 8% of that is tied to oil and gas and mining, so the other let's call it 36% of our total revenue, we really refer to that as more light industrial, and that's been up 3% and are expecting that to continue. It is heavily tied to GDP in the U.S., it's overweighted to the U.S. It is a broad swath of exposure ranging from food and beverage to pharma, to chemicals, to marine, to a wide variety -- car washes. It's a wide variety of areas. The nice thing about that business is that it's historically been very, very steady. We're not tied to capital spend. We're not tied to industrial output. As long as people's operations are up and running, they're going to burn through these small pumps that we sell them and so it's a good steady business. The tweaks that we typically see there is when there can be adjustment in inventory or stock. We saw a little bit of that last year. But, again, expect that business to be pretty stable here in that low single-digit range for 2016. On the industrial treatment business, only about 25% of our treatment business today is sold into industrial. We're heavily weighted towards muni and wastewater, and that is a business that tend to be lower margin for us. Hence the discussion around shifting even more of our weight toward the industrial sector where it's higher technology, more regulations, deeper pockets, people willing to spend based on lifecycle cost. And so it is an area of focus for us both as it relates to our own internal R&D efforts and the pipeline there. Again, those tend to be slower to come to fruition, but we're working on those right now, as we speak. And as we've mentioned before, it is an area of focus for us in terms of M&A down the path.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, yes. Most certainly in the first quarter, the biggest driver of that lower incremental margins than what would historically have expected would be the treatment mix, and again, some of the projects that moved into the quarter at lower margins, so that was one big impact. If you look at the overall, certainly what we saw in terms of the investment in the Middle East, in the quarter, which hit Applied Water only because that's the first business that was going in there in terms of product localization. And as we mentioned in the prepared comments, Applied Water will more than recover that and expand margins for the full year, so it really is the timing of the investment that hit in the quarter. Those'd be the two biggest impacts. Obviously, we had a little bit of dilution from the acquisitions, but that was not so large and will be as expected, that becomes neutral over the course of the full year.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I'd say, Joe – Joe, it differs. It clearly differs by customer. I mean, I think that those water authorities that are privately owned and privately managed, they tend to focus much more on the pure economics and the longer-term lifecycle and therefore, definitely play up the technology curve and are willing to adopt more of a solution sell there. But I would also say there are, even in the public sector, there are a number of water authorities that are becoming much more progressive. It's not limited to here in the U.S. It's actually been faster adoption in some of the Emerging Markets, in parts of Europe. So, it really depends on the customer itself. But we are encouraged by their willingness to adopt new technology and to really focus in on the value proposition.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So on the aftermarket service side, we've seen growth of about 5% organically, and it's a pretty good spot to be in. Obviously, we're looking to grow that even more but it's good to have a steady mid-to-high single digit kind of piece of business there that generates margins that are historically about 1.5 times the level of our original equipment sale on the project. So we do believe that we've seen some share gains in that area as well. But hard to quantify and it's a very, very fragmented market. So that is an area of the business that we have prioritized in terms of focusing our teams, our work structure, et cetera to make sure that we get at that to make sure that we win more than our fair share of that aftermarket service business. On reuse, reuse continues to be a very attractive spot for us in our treatment business. Obviously, the flashpoints in California and other areas that are now looking at reuse as a truly viable alternative whether it'd be to desal or other forms of treatment, it well positions us to play in that sector. It's still a very small piece of our business. And so I wouldn't put too much on it in terms of financial impact in the immediate term, but I think it's a very positive trend line for our business from a technology standpoint.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Well, thank you all for joining. Thanks for your continued interest. And thanks for your patience on the call today. And we're looking forward to catching up with you soon. So, in the mean time, safe travels and we'll speak to you soon. Thank you.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. I think, while it's still early days, we're starting to see some returns particularly on the commercial capabilities and some investments we've made in our sales teams. We've seen that in both in Europe and as well as some of our Emerging Markets. So, the R&D is a little bit – it takes a little bit longer in terms of the time when it pays back, but some of the quick hits on the commercial side we're already seeing benefits.
E. Mark Rajkowski: I'd add, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that when you exclude a couple of unusually large projects that we had in the first quarter of last year, Water Infrastructure would have been up 3% year-over-year.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. As we look at the back half, a big part of that acceleration is cost reductions. So, we will see ramp up from our 260 basis points that we saw in Q1 to closer to 380 basis points in the second half. So, we are expecting to see acceleration in cost out as well as those periods are seasonally stronger in terms of volume. So we'll see more volume leverage and we'll also benefit – part of that cost reduction will be additional restructuring benefits, $8 million in the second half the year. That work is underway.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Let me share my observations on that since I'm the new guy on the team. One of my early observations is that very impressed with the strategic work around the value mapping and targeting where to play and how to win, and one of the benefits of that is having a very clear roadmap to informing our capital allocation choices including M&A. And as I got up to speed on the M&A pipeline, very clear that both in terms of the number as well as the relative attractiveness of those opportunities that are in the sweet spot relative to smart infrastructure monitoring and control up the technology stack if you will. It's robust and I think there's a lot of opportunity there.
Shashank Patel - Xylem Inc.: Yeah. So, this is Shashank. On the AMP 6 cycle, we saw a little bit of benefit in March, but the stronger benefit will come for the balance of the year. So really what we saw in Q1 was everything but the AMP 6 cycle. Our expectation that that continues at that pace for the balance of the year in Europe.
Shashank Patel - Xylem Inc.: And then, Nathan (42:15) and as you noted there is several pieces to that. And when you take a look at some parts of the business like the Applied Water segment, there's a heavier portion of book-and-ship business that typically happens, and the second quarter ends up being the strongest quarter there. But there is also some seasonality, I mean, there is also some impact with project shipments. As we talked, there was pulling of project shipments in the first quarter. And on the order side, we also talked about on the Water Infrastructure side, a year ago, we had strong activity with a couple of large projects that impacted the year-over-year dynamic. So it is a mix of when the projects actually book, when they actually ship out, as well as the level of the book-and-ship activity. And then the last piece is also the lapping of the oil and gas headwind we saw last year, and that laps in the second quarter. So we'll see favorability in Q3, Q4 as we have good prior year comparison on oil and gas.
Shashank Patel - Xylem Inc.: Yeah. So, on India, we talked last year, late last year, on a couple of large projects that we won, we've started delivering on some of those. The pipeline on the quotation activity remains very high and it tends to be large projects, in infrastructure, primarily, on the Water Infrastructure side, so that continues strong. As far as localization initiatives, a lot of the large projects we are doing, they're almost 90%-plus localized. Quite frankly that's how we stay competitive in the India market, which is an extremely competitive market. So, we see continued growth in that market space. We're also looking at on the Applied Water segment opportunities on the commercial building side with the smart cities initiative. And again, a lot of that will be driven by localization initiatives as well.
Shashank Patel - Xylem Inc.: Yeah. Primarily, and we talked about this I think in the last several quarters. The bulk of our inflation is from compensation and benefits and then there is a little bit coming out of commodities. As you've noted, commodities was soft all the way through last year and the first quarter they did pick up a little bit. But the way we get impacted by pure commodity because it's only a piece of the components we use to make our product isn't as significant. But to your point, as we go through the rest of the year, there could be a little bit of a headwind on the 190 basis points, maybe 20 basis points, 30 basis points is what we've historically seen about the 190 basis points level, as we go forward. So, there could be a little bit of that. Quite frankly, some of that should also help our pricing in the market because commodity does support better pricing levels as well.
Shashank Patel - Xylem Inc.: So – and that is based on the first quarter order activity, and as we mentioned on the residential side, where we had strength in the groundwater side. But on the residential circulators, which fall onto the commercial side, there was a little bit of softness because of the relatively warm winter. So we did see moderate growth in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue for the balance of the year.
