Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. So, overall, we continue to deliver on the investment thesis we unveiled at our Investor Day last fall. We continue to benefit from differentiated end market exposure and are delivering above market growth in the public utility sector. Our strong and sustained commitment to continuous improvement and business simplification efforts is driving margin expansion. And we are accelerating capital deployment to create greater shareholder value. Now, operator, we can open it up to questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Well, thanks for the question, Jim. First of all, we clearly don't comment on speculation on transactions, et cetera. I will say that our number one focus right now is to deliver on our full-year commitments here in the fourth quarter, make sure that we're well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2017. And all that, of course, includes a very successful integration of Sensus, which we're very excited about. So, I keep my comments to that.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. No. Great question. So, pardon my cold here. So, I think that we're not seeing anything different, I would say, from our peers or others in the space as it relates to a more dour view on the impact of oil and gas. I think we're just trying to be, quite frankly, we're trying to be conservative here as best we can on what the outlooks could be. This is a fairly short cycle business for us in dewatering. And so, it's kind of hand-to-mouth in terms of what rental rates are, et cetera. What we really saw in the quarter that was a bit more of a surprise for us, was the pull back by our distributors in terms of them buying pumps from us. So cutting back on their capital spend. And when speaking to them, trying to get a feel for how much of that is a near-term blip versus a new baseline and it's very difficult for them to get a read right now on the markets themselves. So, we're saying it carries through 2017, but that's our best guess at this stage. But I would say there's nothing unique about our position in the space relative to others.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. And lastly I would say is, the team in dewatering, they're not exclusively tagged to oil and gas or mining. There is a very healthy mini market out there as well. And I know that Dave Flinton who leads the business, he and the team are driving aggressively to diversify our exposure in that business to capture some of those non-oil and gas opportunities, but those are not quick turn, things that happen within a month or two and that's what we're really focusing on as we head into 2017.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I mean, I would say first, Deane, it was the industrial side of the analytic exposure that we got hit the hardest with and we saw that consistent with a couple of our bigger competitors, the same kind of market downturn. And it was also very concentrated in North America here in the U.S. I'd say, U.S. industrial was the primary impact. And then, we had a reasonably large project that we shipped out to Brazil, couple million dollars last year. So that was about a half of the decline that we saw with that tough compare on that large one-time Brazil project.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So, and again this is all separate from the impact since it has for us, which should be additive to what we're talking about here. And we'll talk about the framework for Sensus further and the timing around when we'll give kind of new three-year and five-year outlook for the company, but our base business of Xylem, excluding Sensus, we believe that there is 300 basis points to 400 basis points of operating margin expansion. And that is net of potential increases in R&D investment. Now, those investments in R&D will not be as steep as they were before because of the acquisition of Sensus, and we'll leveraging their capabilities and investing a bit more in that area, but it was 300 basis points to 400 basis points. And I'm pleased to say, Deane, that, where we're guiding to the full year, if you take out the impacts of the purchase accounting from acquisitions, we will have delivered right at 100 basis points of that margin expansion this year. So, I feel we're well on our way here and still in the early stages of that productivity focus.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, it's certainly does, Deane. And I know you're extremely knowledgeable of the Singapore PUB. So you can imagine what the reference point is on a global scale, when you got Singapore PUB as the incubator to drive this. And so, Visenti has already diversified away. They've got a number of other customers in other geographies and quite frankly have more requests to their services than they have the resources to do right now, which is really part of the backdrop for our partnership and acquisition of them. But they've got a couple of different software development capabilities that are able to not only gather the data from inside the pipe using ultrasound techniques and other opportunities, but it's also their data science and data analytic capabilities that they model that data that's coming back. And their ability to do that 24x7 irrespective of what the weather is, is another opportunity that they leverage. They are unique. And we do believe that there's an opportunity here to take this well beyond some of the emerging markets. We're actually going to plan. It's a good time for me to say, we're actually going to be planning to do an Investor Day, Deane, in very early Q2, down in Raleigh-Durham. And we will be sure to have the team from Visenti there as well, to be able to showcase that technology along with what we're getting here with Sensus.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I mean, we're obviously very pleased with what the team has continued to do there. And as we said earlier, the funnel, the bidding pipeline continues to grow very nicely, I mean, up 22% versus same time a year ago. So, I think one of the drivers is that, we are getting better visibility into the market as to the project funnel and pipeline, and we're improving our win rates. And part of that is, I think, the impact of us being able to leverage this integration of our commercial teams looking across the entire public utility offering. So, a lot of that lead generation is helping us in a number of geographies across the board. Secondly, I think, as we mentioned before, given our substantial market share and leadership position in that space, we stand to benefit disproportionately in a rising tide environment. And so, we get a lot more looks, I think, than many of our competitors do. And that's really driven as much by our large installed base. And so, as the munis are reinvesting in refurbishment of their existing infrastructure, it's highly unusual that they would swap out or switch out an entire pump network. And so, we get the disproportionate benefit of that replacement work. And the same on the aftermarket service and repair side, we've seen continued record levels of break and fix business, especially here in North America that continues to benefit us. And then lastly, we're in the early stages of some really exciting new product rollouts. We launched a new product called (48:21), which is really not in these numbers, but gives us great confidence about market share capture as we head into 2017 as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. It's a great question. So, I do think that over time, we would not limit our efforts here to purely organic R&D. And so we continue to cultivate M&A pipeline. But having said that, our focus right now is squarely on integrating Sensus. What's encouraging to me also is that Visenti was actually in Sensus' M&A pipeline. So there is already a complementary benefit there that we believe we can leverage, and we're going to learn more about that over the coming months. So I wouldn't be foreshadowing any meaningful M&A here in the near-term as we focus on integrating Sensus, but I certainly would not rule out M&A over time here in this space.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. Now, that was clearly the surprise, one of the two surprises was that, and of course, what happened in the Middle East, so suddenly in Saudi was the second surprise for us. And those two together cost us well more than a point of organic revenue growth in the quarter, which is where we messed. So, yeah, there certainly are idled assets that are out there that oil and gas customers are using as well as mining. But it's also the impact, Nathan, of again just a mothballing and idling of either mines and/or fracing sites. And so, those two things together were the impact. So, what we really saw in the quarter was our indirect channel, the distributors pulling back on their CapEx spend so dramatically down 15% in the quarter. That caught us a bit by surprise as well. And we're trying to model that into our Q4 outlook and just trying to get a feel for what that might look for 2017. This might be a good opportunity to that point, Nathan, for me to perhaps share a little bit of the framework of how we're thinking about 2017. And if I start with the end markets, based on what we see today, we expect these mix market conditions to continue into 2017. And again, that includes a really robust public utility sector, but it will be against some tougher comparisons given what our full year growth is this year, but we would still consider that to be very, very attractive. We would also expect a sluggish environment to continue in industrial for the reasons that I just articulated here, perhaps that's conservative, but we're trying to be conservative here. I say, at this point, it would be hard to see organic growth for our historical Xylem businesses i.e., ex-Sensus, beyond low single digits, but we're obviously going to learn a lot more as we get through Q4. We're going to be watching order trends closely, particularly in the Middle East and industrial. We're clearly taking actions to manage cost as we've done throughout this year, but I probably wrap up the 2017 with what we do know. We know that we're going to get significant contribution to revenue from Sensus, which given its recent performance, should itself grow at least 6% to 7%, which is in line with the long-term CAGR that we laid out back in August, when we announced the deal. What we also know is at the bottom line we expect to get $0.10 to $0.12 of EPS accretion from Senses, now that's net of purchase accounting impacts. And then lastly, we expect our margin expansion pace to continue. Again, if you exclude the non-cash acquisition impacts from purchase accounting and you think about procurement, Lean-Six Sigma and business simplification benefits, so we expect that margin expansion right in pace to continue. And we also know that we're going to get $0.08 of carryover savings from restructuring that we've already taken this year that will flow into next year. So, hopefully to those lifts and that gives you a little bit of a framework for how we're at least thinking initially about 2017.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So, through three quarters, we're down 4% year-over-year. So it was up, and then it took a nosedive in the third quarter. Now, part of that year-over-year decline was not a surprise to us, because we had a couple of large projects last year, large on a relative basis for our revenue there that we knew was going to be a tough comp. And that was roughly about half of what that year-over-year decline in the third quarter was, so we expected some of that. The real impact for us in the quarter, and I was just over there for our brand opening of our manufacturing facility and met with a number of our channel partners as well as with some customers in Saudi. And for those of you that are following the news there, you know that they're going through some series budget constraints right now. And the common theme across pretty much all sectors is the common kind of down 20%, 30% in the quarter. I'm not sure what the kind of symmetry is there between that and what we saw, but for example, the Saudi government just about a month ago announced that they are doing an across-the-board 20% reduction in all government employee salary immediately, and that's being driven by some of their funding constraints. And so, we saw that pullback in the quarter. We're being told that it will come back, and that it's temporary. But right now, until we see an improvement in our order book there over the course of fourth quarter, we're trying to take a prudent view here on what kind of a drag that might have on our overall industrial growth.
Patrick K. Decker: I think it stays at a solid level. What we would say right now based on what we've seen, again, this is not in any way guidance. But we would say as we lap this year's comparison, we would expect it to be somewhere around mid single-digit growth organically through 2017. Again, we'll have a better feel for that as we kind of wrap up our backlog at the end of Q4. But based on what we see right now, that's where we'd spot it.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. We probably – it'd be premature for me to give you a specific number on one region just yet given how quickly things moved. I mean, I wouldn't suggest that we're talking about the type of drop that we saw in Q3 by any means. It's probably looking more like where we are year-to-date, but again, we have a lot more work to do to make sure we have a good handle on what's happening. Specifically in Saudi is the big driver that we're focused on.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. We like them very much. So, as I've said, and I know, Deane's somewhere smiling right now when he hears me get ready to say, we're not going to be dogmatic about water. This is the perfect example of that. So, on a combined basis, we'll still have less than 10% of our total revenue that is somewhere other than water. But the electric, gas and lighting businesses, really all the businesses of Sensus are participating in very attractive end markets. They're growing very nicely. They're very attractive from a profit standpoint. And quite frankly, in many cases, these are common utilities that provide both water, electric and gas. And so, there would be a dissynergy there that wouldn't make any sense at all for us to think about any different of approach. And these are also market leading positions they've got. So, we're very attracted to the entire portfolio.
Patrick K. Decker: Well, I would again stopping short of giving a specific number here because we feel – we're very early in our planning process here, but I would certainly be pushing us to keep the pace we are right now. And again, I'm talking about that, excluding acquisition impacts of purchase accounting, so that would be closer to 100 basis points this year, if you separate the acquisition impacts.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. Robert, I wouldn't read too much into a spreading into the general industrial sector kind of what we call light industrial. We felt a little bit of weakness there in the quarter, but it was a rounding error relative to the impact that we saw from really two specific areas. And that was the impact of our distributors on the dewatering side heavily tied to oil and gas, and secondly, what happened in Saudi and the Middle East. Those are really the two new things for us in the quarter that have us thinking a little differently about our guide for this year, and so in terms of our revenue number. I wouldn't read anything into the rest of the light industrial sector.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. We still continue to see very attractive bidding and quoting activity both on our direct channel as well as indirect. And again, I've had an opportunity to spend some time with those folks as well. And I think, they're all feeling fine around the U.S. sector. It really is some timing of products being awarded. The funnel looks attractive, but after two years of pretty constant growth, we saw some slowing there in the quarter, keeping a close eye on it as we get to Q4, but it was still up a couple percent in the quarter, which is down from where it'd been tracking through the first half of the year. So, again, keeping a close eye, but nothing there. The other piece obviously was the weakness that we've seen in China. There's continued to be a slowdown in China. We wouldn't say it's getting any worse. It's really just flat line. And as we get to the end of this year, we'll lap that comparison and we'll be talking about net positive growth for China all in.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. We saw a little bit of slowing in institutional in the quarter. And again, that's why we – those typically are larger projects at least on a relative basis. And we saw some movement and timing around that in the quarter.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I appreciate the question. And we will be sharing in our Investor Day down at Raleigh-Durham, which again I'll say is going to early Q2. That'll be an opportunity for us to really showcase the progress we have on integration. We're thinking about synergy, specific targets that we'll be committing to in our three-year and five-year outlook for book cost and revenue. But, I would say, as we mentioned back in the call in August, we're very confident that we're going to get at least $50 million in cost synergies. And as I've said in the last call, I'd be disappointed if we didn't have more than $100 million of revenue synergies over that timeframe as well through 2020. The areas that are really the biggest opportunity for us, on the cost side, big opportunity in the areas of procurement. And so, whether it'd be overlapping in supplier base, but also just using some of the tools that we put to use here at Xylem the last couple years. We expect the same kind of progress and momentum to be there on a combined spend basis with Sensus. There're also areas of opportunity in some of our back office functions and G&A support functions on a global scale. On the revenue side, it really is going to be focused. I would say if anything in our synergy planning team, I don't want to sound like the happy talking CEO here, but there were more revenue synergy opportunities than you could shake a stick at. The key was that their longer lead time, some of them, they're going to require R&D and engineering support from Sensus. And so, we're going to make sure that we're disciplined and balanced on how we think about those things, but they are really predominantly in areas such as: One, we've got a number of customers today in common, where they already own Sensus' FlexNet and data analytics solutions. But they only apply the data to the clean water side of the network and we have opportunities to now connect our devices on the waste water side to be able to provide similar solution to the customers for their challenges on waste water. Second is, they've got a number of big international projects that are out there that they're bidding on, that in some cases are with customers that are already customers of ours today that we hopefully are going to be able to help them leverage in some way. And third, we think there is opportunities to also leverage their data analytics capabilities across multiple parts of the Xylem portfolio to bring in some of that software-as-a-service opportunity across our existing business. So, these are longer lead times, but we are very excited both Xylem and Sensus about the opportunities here.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Thanks. So, thank you everybody for your interest and joining the call today. I know we've covered a lot of territory here, and you'll have your follow-up calls with Phil for any clarification. Look forward to meeting with many of you between now and our next earnings call, early next year. And as again, looking very much forward to the Investor Day down in Raleigh-Durham in early Q2. So, between now and then, safe travels, have great holidays, and we'll talk to you soon. Thanks.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. And certainly those are higher margin product sales. So, as I mentioned in my comments, we would expect that to have roughly 30-basis-point impact on operating margins.
E. Mark Rajkowski: We've got a lot of momentum on the global procurement Lean-Six Sigma, those events are ramping up and same on the business simplification side, we've taken a number of actions that'll carry over into the next year as well, so good momentum on just the cost part.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. We're going to get back to the mid-2s back to our target leverage. And we've been pretty clear stating that intention publicly certainly with the rating agencies.
