Gretchen McClain: Jim, let me give you some color there, just from our businesses. Our 2 segments, Water Infrastructure and Applied Water, when you look within Water Infrastructure, I would think about on an average when we get an order to when we ship around on an average 60 days. So let me break that down a little bit further. You get use transport, a large portion today with a large of the funding coming out of the operation and maintenance side, it's a much quicker turn, take the order, and we deliver the parts. It can be anywhere from a short cycle to 90 days. Now, if you're getting into the capital expenditure funding, where you're now into treatment or the transport of supporting a large project, that can be anywhere from 90 days to 18 months, so longer cycle when you're looking at large projects. Our testing and site end market, quick turns but I would just hesitate with YSI as we've bought YSI and integrated it and looked at what they're doing. They support a lot of large projects which do take a little bit longer time, not a quick turn sale. But overall, test is pretty quick get the order actually shipped. When you think of applied water, think of it around 30 to 60 days. You've got some things that are 2 day turnarounds. But you've also got irrigation and some building services projects that you are working with the builders and take a little bit longer but on the average, 30 to 60 day turns there. 
Gretchen McClain: Sure, Jim. Let's just talk about the business first of all. We got a great business and great foundation of our core business and then the new platforms, which we strategically have been building out. So our priority is our organic growth and continue to expand and invest in those opportunities where we can grow geographically as well as some attractive markets specifically in our core space. As well in continuing to invest in our dewatering and our analytics business, both from an organic perspective as well through acquisitions. So we see a nice pipeline of candidates that we're looking at. We are actively engaged in opportunities for us to quickly move. You've seen us actually have a very nice success with our acquisitions over the last 2 years. And so that's where we'll be putting our first priority in terms of investing organically and acquisitively. 
Gretchen McClain: And Jim, just one other thing in terms of new price, we've been launching quite a new projects sort of the last couple of years. But we're also thinking about how we can do smart information, so we gotten into smart apps and making it much easier for our customer base to work with our sales teams out in the field configuring their applications and their solutions. And that's another area where we've been investing as well. 
Gretchen McClain: Matt, great question. We've been driving this commercial excellence process for the last couple of years. We're still in the process of doing it. We're about, at the end of 2012, we'll be 80% deployed across our global sales team. If you think about that we're in 150 countries. We've got a lot of sales team around the globe. I'd say we're further along in our Applied Water business, than we are in our Water Infrastructure. But in terms of where we are, we're getting great results, as you can see. And I think it's going to stay about that level, obviously we drive internal targets as aggressively as we can. But you also have inflation coming down and being able to pass on price to customers. Our main thing here is we want to make sure we maintain our shares in those attractive markets that we want to continue to grow. And we have a good process around our pricing policy where we look at our wins and losses and we think about our product strategy and our differentiation and what we've done with our sales team is really get them out there selling on a value proposition as compared to on price. And it's working but there's still more to do. 
Gretchen McClain: But the culture is building and that's the positive in that I feel good about. It's becoming part of our day-to-day process and we're really seeing it in the results. So that should continue. 
Gretchen McClain: Yes, I would say, as I laid out the market dynamics and so forth, it's consistent with what I've been talking about. I'd say the one area we're most challenged with is, we've got a lot of activity going on in treatment and the larger projects around capital expenditures. A lot of bidding taking place but what we don't see yet is the release of funding at this point in time. Not an impact right now, but obviously something we're watching very closely coming out of quarter 2 and beyond. 
Gretchen McClain: Yes, Deane, good question. I would say we're tackling it from all fronts. What we want to do is continue to make sure we've got the reach into the market so it is through our channels and through our distribution and make sure we're represented across the board. It's also investments to make sure that we can take the products that today are very strong from a regional perspective and brand them into the other regions as I described in kind of my opening remarks. But we are also producing new products as we go forward. As we think about some of the attractive end markets that will develop as the water issues get more and more addressed. You think about sustainable water infrastructure and our ability to take our instrumentation and work for example and work with our wastewater treatment team and we have an opportunity to bring energy efficient solutions and have real-time information for the wastewater treatment plant operators so they can effectively do that. So we are investing there as well as some attractive areas that we see coming up. 
Gretchen McClain: It's clearly part of our strategy. If you want a be a leader in the market and the markets are tougher today since they're growing slower, you've got to have innovation, you got to be able to have differentiation with your customer. And we see clear areas where that has played out and where our investments are playing very, very well. I'll use the example of our e-SV and our Applied Water business. Last year, the commercial market was flat, still flat this year, and it's continuing to give us nice revenue and nice growth because we're bringing energy-efficient solutions to our customers. So we're focused there. We're also focused on in terms of the environmental standards as people become more and more concerned about the quality of water and making sure that the water they're using is at the right level of quality, not necessarily over clean, so that it can be applied appropriately and then we can maximize and more efficiently use the water that we have. 
Gretchen McClain: Sure. What we've done in taking -- stepping back again from the investment that we've made in dewatering. We started out as a company with just the products that went into dewatering. We weren't into the rental and the services business to speak of. When we bought Godwin, that really gave us a #1 position in the U.S. and really a #1 position around the market, where we can actually take a proven business model and we can actually deploy that internationally very quickly. We saw that happen in Australia and we're growing very nicely. We've had some nice orders in China, and we're looking at where to play in China and really how big of a depot that we need to set there to ultimately support our sales. But we see that as a real opportunity going forward, as well as other markets internationally. What's key in terms of dewatering, is it is a capital intensive business, so you've got to make sure you've got many markets that you can support. And so you look at is there opportunities for the public utilities, are there opportunities for construction, are there opportunities around mining, so that you can have a nice investment and you can ultimately support the markets even when the ups and downs take place from an economic perspective. 
Gretchen McClain: Sure. With the EPA, there's many standards obviously with the regulations around water. Those continue to support our Analytical business. When you think about some of the more aggressive areas, think about Dallas water, there are standards that are being put in place right now, it's really only been adopted by the U.S. taking on some IMO standards that require a certain level of requirement when the ships come in to be able to test the water. That's an opportunity for us to play both in our instrumentation as well as in our treatment solutions. In terms of another area that we get cautions around is in the shale gas right now. They are not significant regulations we think that's going to be at the local and state level, more so than at a federal level. But we track that pretty aggressively to make sure that we understand where things are going and where we can play. 
Gretchen McClain: Yes, I go back to really it's the launch of our new products. We spend a lot of time with our customers working with them and trying to really understand what their needs are. And it's not only in the commercial but you talk to the customer and their first question is, how do I reduce my energy cost? How do I ensure that my overall cost of operations is coming down? And how do I ensure that I have a reliable application that's going to run consistently? When we launched our e-SV, we obviously came out with a very energy efficient solution as well as something that could be serviced very quickly, and it met the needs of our customers. So were taking share here as well as we're using that to expand and open ourselves in position geographically. 
Gretchen McClain: Let me just talk about that a little bit and see if I can get after. We have KBMs that we're driving across our businesses and they do differ a little bit based upon the end markets that we serve and the dynamics in terms of the business. When you think about Applied Water, you have a product line which is, quicker turnaround so on-time delivery is absolutely critical when a customer calls, you need to be able to deliver very, very rapidly so a focus on on time delivery is critical there. As we think about in terms of cost, productivity -- productivity across the board in the bulk of our businesses are driven aggressively and equally because I do believe across our procedures, there's no reason why we can't expect improvements in leaning our factories and deliver each and every time. So those drive across the board from a productivity perspective. What's more difficult is when we go through a distribution so there's different dynamics in our business. Our Applied Water, goes through distribution. Our Water Infrastructure is more of a direct sale. So you're working different dynamics in terms of your parameters as you go forward. 
Gretchen McClain: Yes, and I'd say that's part of the portfolio and management that we have. When you look at how attractive are the end markets and where you want to invest and the ones that we're investing a little bit more aggressively we'd like to see some top line growth. In other areas you're investing to expand your gross margin or your operating margin. So there's different strategies we play out in each different end markets. 
Gretchen McClain: So volume definitely has an impact when you get a higher volume, you're going to see the leverage. We actually saw that in fourth quarter to first quarter in Applied Water with additional volume. You saw it come to the bottom line. We need to continue to get our factory productivity. And as I mentioned in a couple of my opening comments, we are making sure we're leaning our facilities as I mentioned our line facility over in Hungary. The automation that we put in play has actually produced better quality products so you don't have to drag on any type of quality issues and you also have an opportunity to have more throughput to the factory. As we see in that business specifically, Europe has got regulatory requirements requiring us to be able to deliver high-quality and high volume and the factory is now positioned to be able to capture that volume. 
Gretchen McClain: Wedeco is doing well in both the ozone and in the UV Treatment. When we think of our treatment business we think of it basically in 3 areas biological. We think of it in filtration and we think it in terms of the UV/ozone business. We actually look at projects where we can combine technology and be able to bring the equipment necessary to help our customer base, so there is integration taking place where it makes sense. When you talk also about our agreement with GE where we're taking the GE product -- their membrane and being able to distribute that and sell it through our world-class channel, that's an opportunity again with the public utilities to combine our treatment activities together and again be able to meet our customers' needs. 
Gretchen McClain: Yes you can. It's by a case-by-case basis. I mean in some areas, other areas it's not that quickly you can -- you can't bring it directly over. 
Gretchen McClain: So acquisition at -- the market right now, I'd say is active. You've got a lot of buyers, you've got a lot of sellers, and there's a lot of cash in the market. Where we're looking at in our acquisition strategy is a line strategically where we're going. When you think about the acquisitions we've just gone through, let's say analytics and dewatering, there's still significant opportunities. Both fragmented markets, so there's lots of opportunities where we you can continue to grow. What we look at traditionally really has been strategically does it fit, culturally does it fit and then obviously it needs to meet the financial hurdles that we addressed. Right now in terms of valuations, I'd say the markets -- the targets that we've got are reasonable. Most of them are focused around a bolt-on where you're looking at anywhere from a $25 million to a $100 million type of acquisition and we make the numbers work. Typically, a lot of these companies are private companies and so forth but there is a demand. Many people are asking from it too much but if the valuation clearly is a key hurdle we're not going to pay too much. 
Gretchen McClain: We're right on track to the plan that we laid out. So I feel good about where we are both from a couple of perspectives. One we're advancing our strategic objectives as we have laid out and those we're seeing pay off and some will be paying off in the years to come. What we said we would do this year, so far we're on track and the market seems to be playing aligned with where we want to go so I feel good both from the strategic aspect, from the operational aspect of the business, and then ultimately what we've got to do in the years to come. 
Gretchen McClain: Sure. Well, I'll give you some color on the Middle East. So our Water Infrastructure, is still performing well. Again, when you think about the infrastructure, the operations of your public utilities and so forth, that continues to play nicely for us. The Applied Water was more challenged in the Middle East. We still see opportunities there and actually, coming into April, we saw some orders coming in. So we see that will rebound but it is a choppy area right now that we're just watching. And we'll continue to play in opportunities that play out. Our teams are aggressively working very strategic objectives by end markets. That does not change. But I do see stability around the Water Infrastructure. And I guess I'll just pull out one other point which is when you think about our emerging markets and you step back, Middle East is a small percentage of our overall revenue. We got 19% of our sales are coming from the emerging markets, and we've talked about before that's kind of evenly split around the different regions. And across the emerging markets, we saw a nice growth and we see that continuing to play and there's plenty of opportunity when you look at where we are in the markets and the opportunity to penetrate with our products and our applications solutions that I think will continue to keep the emerging market growing aggressively. So our strategy is still intact and our teams are aggressively working on it. 
Gretchen McClain: Great question. Actually in April, just this last month, we actually launched our Bell and Gossip lead-free circuits setter. They are valves for the heating ventilation and air-conditioning markets. And we've been working over the last several years to make sure that we are moving into lead-free solution. So we're ahead of that game, the team's off launching the products and we feel good at our position. The lead-free requirements, some regulatory requirements don't completely turn in until a few more years. First, I think California is the one that's put it in place but we feel good that we're ahead of the game and the teams are off executing and selling appropriately. 
Gretchen McClain: So, we're well into that. We are in production today with our lead-free products. So that transitioning from the lead products to lead-free has been taking place and we are in full production of our new products. 
Gretchen McClain: I'd just like to thank you for your interest and continued interest in watching of the business. We feel very good about the results that we have today. The team has been working very, very strong and you think about as I mentioned earlier, the 6 months that we've be an independent company to be able to deliver our strategic objectives, our operational objectives and look forward to where we're going. We feel very, very good and very strong and so we look forward to talking to you again and continuing to build our record of delivery. 
Michael Speetzen: And Jim, the only the other points I'd make is we ended the quarter with about $740 million in backlog. A little over 80% of that will actually deliver in 2012 so clearly there's components in the backlog that are going to to go out end of 2013. And obviously, there's going to be components in that backlog that are going go beyond just Q2. So you when you think about that 1.09, not all of that is going to translate into Q2 revenue but it's a good indicator and gives us confidence as we start moving into the second quarter. 
Michael Speetzen: Jim, I guess that I also asked and -- I talked about a little bit on the margins. And we had about a 10 point drag on the incrementals. Because of that organic investment we're making back in the business, so for example the expansion we made into Russia is a prime example of that where we'll continue to invest in the sales channel of the business as well as continue to invest in the organic growth initiatives like we've done in the past with e-SV and the Flygt Experior. So we see as we indicated investment being about a 50 basis point drag relative to operating margins, but that's where we're really focused on driving gross margin improvement to be able to fund continuing to invest in the business. 
Michael Speetzen: Matt, the only other piece I would add to that is you have to remember we're lapping 2011 where we put -- took some pretty significant price actions in light of the environment we had on inflation. So you have a little bit of that dynamic that plays out. So I think as Gretchen indicated, we're kind of right in the range that we anticipate being for the year. 
Michael Speetzen: Yes and I'd say, in the latter part of March and April, we did see improvement in a couple of the areas. We mentioned the Middle East giving us some headwind year-over-year. We did see order rates improving there and we did see orders improving in some parts of Europe. So again, that's been consistent with the level of guidance that we provided and consistent with what we see going into the month of April. 
Michael Speetzen: Yes and Deane, one other factor that plays in is our R&D investment in the Analytics businesses is typically higher than average for the company and with YSI being added in the first quarter, that's obviously had an impact. When we gave our guidance we talked about 3% for the full year. So we're in line with that overall expectation. 
Michael Speetzen: Yes, and I'd say that that plays into the gross margin levels between the 2 businesses and I wouldn't characterize as them coming together at the same operating margin level. When you look at Water Infrastructure, where we've put a pretty concerted effort around our acquisition focus and it's been in the high gross margin businesses and we're getting nice leverage off of that, I think both businesses will continue to expand as Gretchen indicated but I think you can expect to see a differential between the 2 just given the nature of the channel they use, as well as the margin profile and growth profile. 
Michael Speetzen: Yes and I'd add, we have a very strict set of criteria that we judge the acquisitions against. So as I've typically do in the past we look for returns in the mid-teens. We look for cash returns of 7 to 9 years and so we make sure that the acquisitions are going to fit right into that category and if they don't, then we move onto the next one. But I've referenced you back to the way we talked about our capital deployment strategy during Investor Day, and I'd say that we're continuing forward with that process. 
Michael Speetzen: Yes, I think one of the areas that we articulated that's critical is the gross margin performance. I think when you see us in the 39 plus percent range in Q1 on relatively low organic volume growth, that gives us great confidence relative to getting gross margins above the 40% range and given the pipeline we have from the acquisition standpoint, the success we've had with integration, gives us a lot of confidence relative to those full long-term targets. 
Michael Speetzen: Yes, I'd say it's consistent with what we articulated. Kind of 1% to 3% in developed markets, 8% to 10 plus percent in the emerging markets. And we're seeing those conditions play up pretty consistent relative to those thoughts that we had back in October. 
Michael Speetzen: It was $0.03 accretive. And as we've articulated, we'll see that accretion for the full year being in the general range of about $0.02 in the second quarter, $0.03 in the third quarter, and at that point we will have lapped the acquisition. 
