Gretchen W. McClain: This is not easy news to deliver and we're not pleased to deliver it. We know we must take tough decisions and accelerate our actions given the market conditions we face. But remember, we're seeing a number of positive signs across the business: our order rates are improving, we have a good backlog, we are launching compelling new products and the commercial efforts we are making are all starting to yield positive results. Building the Xylem business is a journey. We're taking the necessary steps to position this great company to achieve higher performance in both the short and the long term. Operator, we're ready for questions now.
Gretchen W. McClain: Sure, sure. I mean our backlog, when you look at it from a year-over-year prospective, we're up 7% year-over-year. So we're going in with a good backlog, solid backlog. We still have work to do because we do have a short cycle business. But I would say, we feel good about the rates in terms of what we need to achieve as well as the market conditions that we've looked at and adjusted based upon the first half of the year.
Gretchen W. McClain: So, Matt, we're working on that today. I mean, we're laying out those actions to date. Most of the things that we're talking about are, it's $0.06 to the EPS, it's $15 million that's baked into our revised guidance. It's discretionary pullback, taking some costs that we need to out of the business. As we get a better projection of the '14, we'll obviously -- we'll share that with you.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. So, Deane, let me address so. As we went through the quarter, as I mentioned, June is a big month for us and it's solid. So we didn't see that fall out. We were working our restructuring actions to $60 million to $70 million that we had in our plan. If you remember, we had set our plan assuming we're going to be a flat growth rate and we would size our cost base accordingly. And so we are focused on those areas. Still advancing some of our investments around productivity, which was tied to repositioning ourselves in Europe, and also some new product launches. So that didn't come through. This was our high growth margin business and we saw a big drop to the bottom. Now going forward, we are going to be resizing the business and taking steps. I've talked about what's embedded in the revised guidance. There's more work we need to do and we are looking at all opportunities to see how we can bring our cost base down. Our end markets are challenged right now. The underlying fundamentals of our market are going to be -- have an overshadow of the economy and we've got to make sure we've got cushion in our business to be able to still allow us to invest into growth initiatives that we need because this is a strong market in the long term. And right now, we need to get be able to get our cost base further down. And so there will be more actions. As I mentioned, we put in the $15 million in the revised guidance, actions we will be taking for the rest the year. And while we are 7 months into the year, we've got 5 months yet. Most of those will be savings that will probably play out into 2014 and beyond.
Gretchen W. McClain: Deane, it's a great question. And clearly, as I mentioned, we're dialing back a little from what we have originally said. There are some key bolt-on strategies that we'd like to continue to progress. But our #1 priority is to make sure that we get the business in order. We get our performance higher. And making sure that we address, taking the cost out that we need to deposition this company and bring it forward. But there are some acquisitions that strategically are nicely positioned to help us ultimately grow. So again, that balanced equation is essential. Take the cost out, position us for a cushion, but then be able to invest in those strategic initiatives.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. So if I step back and I just look at some of the market dynamics that are going on, first of all, in the U.S., you have wastewater spending which is down substantially. And that doesn't look like it's changing anytime soon. Now, we all understand the need of water and the demand that is pending up. And we're seeing that in terms of the bid activity. There's a lot of work in terms of bidding. But the confidence level to actually make that bidding into an order is just not happening. It's not converting. And we anticipate going forward in 2014, right now, nothing that indicates a significant change there. Now if there's public-private partnership that may move that more aggressively, but when I look at the general dynamics in the market, not only in the U.S. but even globally, the confidence level in the funding streams haven't changed. And when you think about 2014, you need to start getting those orders now versus next year because they typically are 12- to 18-month type of orders.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. So mining as you mentioned is challenged globally. We're clearly seeing the mining industry being challenged and that hit us, as we talked about in terms of the emerging markets. But let me talk about a little bit from the regional perspective. In the U.S., we're seeing positive signs but the industrial market still has not had the confidence level to give us the confidence that's going to pick up in the second half of the year. In Europe, we're still seeing Europe down. We saw substantially a decline in southern Europe more than we anticipated. While we thought it was down substantially, we didn't think it could go down much further and we've seen that continue. In the Nordics, positive -- still positive growth there but not enough to offset what we're seeing in Europe. And where we're seeing Europe as well as in the public utilities and industrial markets, we anticipate will be weaker as we go into the second half of the year. Emerging markets, China and Russia, we're doing extremely well. We're double-digit growth in both of those regions. But with the global economy pulling back and confidence level still being questioned around the growth in China, that has had impact in the mining industry and our emerging markets globally, specifically, the Middle East and Australia when I look at the Asia Pacific region.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. I think I would say a couple things. What we think is the markets is pulling back some. We're still feeling confident about the product launches that we are launching this year and into next year. I feel good about some signs of the market picking up. We're seeing residential, commercial picking up. So what we want to do in terms of given the overhang that we've got in some of our markets, being industrial and public utility, still stay strong with our customers, work with them as they're challenged in terms of their funding with services and aftermarket. But we're going to have to adjust ourselves to pull our cost base down. We're still committed in terms of our long term in our business. We're taking the right short-term actions to position the cost base, but still being able to position ourselves with the growth initiatives to hold on to our long-term objectives.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. Dewatering globally had been significantly impacted in the industrial market and very specifically, in the U.S. we've seen some decline there, about $4 million in the U.S., in Europe, $7 million, and in Latin America, about another $1 million. So it's down over $10 million in terms of dewatering. Now let me just talk a little bit about our dewatering strategy. That is not just our Godwin business but it is our Flygt business that support some of the mining industry. So it's a combination of the 2.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. So, David, it's a great question. It's obviously something we sit back and we look at the data and analyze it. But I still feel very confident about the issue that we're facing is the market dynamics. And it's the underlying market overhang that we're seeing specifically in the public utilities, very specifically around CapEx, and then also the pullback very specifically in the mining and the industrial market, just the confidence of not being able to go spend. When I look at our win-loss data, we look at data in the industry trade. Our share, we think we're holding our share. We feel very good about where we're going. Now of course, what's important to that is to make sure we continue to launch new products and we stay close to our customers. But I do not believe this is a share issue, it's a market dynamic.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. So, Ryan, let me talk about pricing. If the pricing dynamics that we're really seeing is in the industrial and public utility market, that's the market that we've seen down. And also across-the-board, it is a competitive market. The market is slow and so everyone is going after competitively to win the bids that out there. Now we have a good process in place and we've been driving price and have seen up and through last year, a positive price value gap. We want to continue to drive that, but we also do not want to lose share in our core positions. And that's what we've done is we pull back to make sure that we can get the position that we need. I'd say beyond just a price perspective though, our commercial excellence initiatives that we've been driving, drive more than just price. It's about talking to our customers about our value proposition, around really thinking about our key accounts and making sure that we're driving our growth with those accounts. So I feel good about our strategy. And we are continuing to drive for profitable growth. That is key to us. But we will make sure that we don't lose share in the marketplace.
Gretchen W. McClain: Well, I'd say from this perspective, the capacity issue, when you look at where our equipment, our technology is positioned in the marketplace, as long as the factories are up and running and so forth, our equipment is being utilized. I would say in the mines, they're not opening the mines. That industry has pulled back, but still we got a good position in the marketplace. As I mentioned earlier, though, some of the dynamics in the marketplace in terms of inventory in the markets, it's not there, pullback. So there's a growth cycle, that maybe an opportunity for us in terms of quick turnaround. But right now I don't think capacity is a big driver for us.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. If you take our Analytics business, it's really the YSI business here in the U.S. They typically do work with the USGS and of course, with some universities and that typically get their funding coming from the government. It's probably 40% of that business, roughly. Now the one thing I would say is, while sequestration is having an impact, there's not been significant reductions in terms of budgets, but the pullback of funding and the confidence to go ahead with certain projects is clearly stalled in the market. And so we're watching that closely. We feel pretty confident about our position and our relationships with those end customers. And our hope is that will get released over time.
Gretchen W. McClain: And I even say even in the U.S. in our wastewater Analytics business, we feel positive signs as well.
Gretchen W. McClain: I would say it's a little bit of both. I mean we had spent some time investing in new product launches and the team has done a great job in getting out and being able to show the value proposition announced. As a lot of company -- or businesses are upgrading their commercial buildings, our new products are nicely positioned to do retrofits and so forth. So I think it's a combination of growing with the market as well as taking some share.
Gretchen W. McClain: So let me address it, in general, that's a tough question to answer. I mean, I'd prefer an acquisition that's going to give us a nice position to the emerging markets, which are the growing markets. But depending upon the technology and how that complements our position and being able to serve our customers more effectively, you've got to look at the technology and potentially the channel to the market as we go forward. So it's more of a strategic direction.
Gretchen W. McClain: Well, let me just summarize with -- as we reported today, we are not happy with our performance. We know we have work to do. Our markets are challenged. However, we do have some very positive signs that are taking place on the business. And we're going to continue to push forward with our new products. We're going to make sure that we're staying close with our customers and make sure that we're driving the top line. At the same time, we're going to make sure that we're positioning this company with cushion for some challenging markets that we know are still there. And we are focused on our long-term objectives and making sure that we're putting the actions in place that we can assure the long-term still plays out. This is a strong market. The macro conditions are still there. And we have the right technologies and the right talent to be able to lead the market. Thank you.
Michael T. Speetzen: Matt, the other thing I'd add to that is when we look at that backlog shippable in the second half, we look at it as a percent of the revenue. If you look back at 2012 as an example, it represented about 30%. When you look at the backlog, we're entering our second half, it's up at about 30 [indiscernible] a little bit higher. That's not surprising given the fact that we've seen a decline in the project business. So that's a dynamic that we adjust for as we look at that. And I'd say the dispersion between the 2 quarters is pretty typical of what we've seen barring the projects.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. It's a good question, Deane. We've taken a hard look at this and I think from a cash standpoint, the one we have to keep in perspective is the cash cost structure is a little bit different than the P&L structure. For example, we pay out bonuses at the beginning of the year and then you're earning yourself back as you go through the year. So adjusting for those types of items, that's why we've revised our working capital projection down, which has had about a 5-point impact on our free cash flow conversion. When we look at the profitable -- profitability and the contribution to cash, we get pretty comfortable as we look into the back half of the guidance levels we have. We've factored in the longer collection cycles as well as the inventory levels that we've got on hand. And then, the thing you have to keep in mind is sort of at least that first half period, we're dealing with a little bit higher cash tax rate given some of the deferrals we had from last year. And then obviously, to Gretchen's point, we're looking at investments in the second half which in terms of the free cash flow conversion, the one area that will be impacted is our capital expenditures. We see that as being dialed way back from the guidance that we have originally given where we talked about it being at about 3.5x -- or 3.5% of revenue. I'd look at that number as being closer to 3% or lower in the back half.
Michael T. Speetzen: And, Deane, I think on the decremental question, roughly we're managing to about a 50% decremental and there's a couple dynamics that play in. While we are taking the cost actions which helped us in the second half, one, we're dealing with a revenue decline in our highest margin business where we have a higher cost structure that we're contending with. So you've got very little erosion in gross margin, but you can see the impact at the up line and that's really around that cost structure. The second dynamic we're contending with is much lower price realization. And as you know, that drops at 100%. We're obviously not just accepting that. We're pushing the teams. But in light of the current environment, that certainly places additional pressure on that decremental margin. So at this point, it wants to be close to 60% and we're fighting to get it down closer to about 50%.
Michael T. Speetzen: Sure. Yes, there's a little bit of noise in there. So let me give you a few of the pieces that I think will help provide that. If you look at our core volume, organically, we're up about $67 million versus the first half. Foreign exchange is about a $34 million headwind in the second half and then we've got an additional $10 million of acquisitions. You have to remember the acquisitions are not contributing at a high drop rate at this point in time and foreign exchange are obviously has its set of impacts. So when you look at the core volume increase, less the savings from restructuring, we're looking at about a 50% incremental drop rate, which given where we're at in the business specifically around Water Infrastructure where we see that sequential improvement, we expect to see that drop rate. The drop rate then gets enhanced by the incremental $12 million worth of restructuring benefit that we pick up in the back half. So in my prepared comment, I talked about our restructuring in the second quarter, was it $4 million? $3 million of that came from the actions we initiated in '12. One of that came from the actions we started earlier this year. We pick up incrementally in the back half another $12 million of restructuring benefit.
Michael T. Speetzen: Well, there's a couple of things. I think when you look at the Water Infrastructure business, one, we're going to be levering off that cost base. Two, when you look at the mix that we're anticipating in the second half, specifically on the industrial market as it relates to dewatering, even though we're down on a year-over-year basis, the trends we've seen in terms of some of the frac-ing that's driving increased volume to support the rig count increase, that activity comes at a very high drop rate and it's helping us from a mix perspective.
Michael T. Speetzen: And Brian, I guess, what I'd add to that is when you look at the 1% order increase that we had in the quarter, a significant portion of that was driven by Applied Water. The Water Infrastructure business was up about 0.6%. And when you look at that business on a year-to-date basis, because it was down close to 10% in the first quarter, orders were down about 5%. So back to Gretchen's point, the order funnel really hasn't filled at the level that would support significant growth in 2014.
Michael T. Speetzen: Well, David, it's a high drop rate business. I mean the majority of where we've seen the pullback is around the rental market. As you know, that's a high margin business. And that's played into, frankly, where we're dialing back from a capital expenditure standpoint as we size that fleet accordingly. We don't typically get into the specific breakouts, but there is obviously within the water infrastructure business, dewatering being a relatively large component of that and impact from the pullback in the rental revenue.
Michael T. Speetzen: And David, I guess, I'd just -- I'd point out a couple of things. If you look at our peers specifically around the wastewater side of our pumping business, where we're down about 6% in the public utilities, I think you'll see pretty similar characteristics in those results. And then in the commercial and resi side where we're up 9% and 18%, respectively, that's very strong relative to the peer group, although it's a small part of our business. Those 2 components make up just under 20% of our revenue.
Michael T. Speetzen: Our repair and overhaul or our service revenue was up in the quarter when you exclude the effect of our PIMS acquisition. We were up just over 1%. So that's pretty consistent with what we've seen coming out of the operational side of the public utilities and even the industrial market where folks are still continuing to spend on repairing and maintaining the existing equipment.
Michael T. Speetzen: Ryan, I made a comment in my prepared remarks in terms of we saw about 30 basis points of favorable margin impact in the second quarter, which was down pretty significantly from what we had in the first. We think that's indicative of where we'll be for the balance of the year. So we were anticipating when we originally gave guidance that we'd be around 1% pricing. We now see the effect of revenue is about 40 basis points positive pricing and that flows through the margin with about 30 basis points. So pretty similar in what you saw in the second quarter, holding for the balance of the year.
Michael T. Speetzen: Ryan, I think we look at it in short and long-term views. I think in the short term, we all know that distribution channel has pretty well destocked to a level that when growth is restored, we think that will obviously serve as an opportunity. And I think as we look over the longer term, we don't see that as a capacity issue.
Michael T. Speetzen: And I think it's also important to point out as we did in our remarks that Europe was up about 5%, which is a strong performance in light of the current environment.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So right now, in the second quarter, our aftermarket for Water Infrastructure was up about 8%, but that includes the effects of the PIMS acquisition. We're up about 2% organically. And that constitutes just under about 20% of our revenue coming out of that segment.
