Patrick Decker: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. The team came into 2022 with strong momentum, and they've taken full advantage of robust underlying demand around the world to deliver our first quarter operational results above expectations.  Revenues grew 4% organically, surpassing our guidance. Despite ongoing chip shortages constraining our utilities business, supply is slowly improving, which is reflected in quarter sequential revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion in our metrology business.  Revenue strength was also broad-based globally. We saw healthy growth in every region, excluding China, given the COVID impact there. Western Europe was a standout, delivering 10% growth in the quarter.  But the robust global demand for our offering comes through most clearly in the pace of order intake. Orders were up 14% for the quarter, with record order bookings in every segment. M&CS at the fastest pace with a 25% order surge, as the value proposition of digital technologies continues to fuel demand.  Orders performance across the portfolio pushed our already healthy backlogs to 50% growth year-on-year. EBITDA margin performance was also above our previous guidance due to strong price realization, which mitigated much of the inflationary pressure, while at the same time, we continue to drive productivity and further simplification throughout the business. As a result of that good work from the team, we delivered EPS of $0.47, again, above our expectations.  The quarter did present some fresh challenges. China's ongoing response to COVID is having significant impact on our business, and it will have flow-on effects for some time in the global supply chain. And while our European business delivered exceptional revenue growth, the euro rate began to move unfavorably.  So conditions are dynamic. But the quarter's operational results show that the team is doing an excellent job, navigating the challenges and managing what it can control on a global basis.  Looking ahead, we're in a very strong position. as structural demand continues to be robust in all end markets and regions. And we have market leadership in the categories where demand is greatest, especially in digitally-enabled solutions. So we are raising our guidance for the year, and are on track to deliver the longer-term growth and strategic milestones we laid out at our Investor Day last fall.  Before turning over to Sandy for performance detail by segment, I want to mention how proud I am with the Xylem team and of our partners for their response to the war in Ukraine. When the war broke out, the Xylem team stepped up right away to provide for the safety and well-being of all of our Ukrainian colleagues and their families. Similarly, our team has shown extraordinary support by raising money for the humanitarian relief work of our NGO partners, whose activities include providing essential water and sanitation services both in Ukraine and the refugees. It's become one of our most successful mass giving campaigns ever, and I could not be prouder of the team.  Now I'll hand over to Sandy to review the quarter's results by segment.
Patrick Decker: Thanks, Sandy. We came into 2022 in a strong and enviable position, even in the face of headwinds from chip supply and inflation. Our performance in the first quarter has shown the team's ability to capitalize on our market leadership and deliver with discipline despite the various challenges around the world.  Demand has never been greater, we have strong commercial momentum, and we have a powerful balance sheet giving us strategic flexibility. And we have a great team showing resilience, agility and experience in managing the dynamics of a truly global business.  While our customers are as local as water is, the biggest water challenges are global, and the water sector is increasingly well networked internationally. Still, Xylem is one of only a small handful of global water players. That puts us in a strong position to play a leadership role in support of both the sector and our mission to solve water. So as you likely saw in our March announcement, we made the decision to move Xylem's headquarters to Washington, D.C., which is one of the main crossroads of the global water sector. Washington is not just the seat of U.S. water policy. It's where water thought leaders from all over the world convene, including the private sector, governments from around the world, multilaterals, academia and civil society.  We've also taken the opportunity of the move to reimagine our footprint for more flexible ways of working and simplifying and leaning our headquarters. The new location is on Water Street. Yes, it's on Water Street, right on the Anacostia River. We'll be officially opening the space in mid-June, and I look forward to welcoming all of you when you visit D.C.  Before turning to your questions, I have one more special note of thanks. This is Matt Latino's last quarterly earnings call at the helm of Investor Relations. We previously announced that Matt is taking a new role in Xylem, and it's an exciting new chapter for him. I know from comments so many of you have made over the years that you deeply value Matt's energy, accessibility and professionalism, and I benefited from his insightful counsel and his persistent positive encouragement through every kind of circumstance. So thank you, Matt.  Some of you have already met Andrea Vanderberg, who's taking the reins as our Investor Relations leader. Andrea has had great impact as the Head of Financial Planning and Analysis for Xylem. So she brings distinctively deep knowledge of the business to her leadership of IR. I'm confident you'll really enjoy getting to know Andrea and will find great value in working with her and from her insights and perspectives.  Now operator, I'll turn the call over to you for questions.
Patrick Decker: Not out of the woods yet, Deane. I mean, obviously, still risk there, but we think we've got that embedded in our guide for the full year.
Patrick Decker: Sure, Deane. Yes, so our revenue exposure is roughly $350 million, about 7% of our total revenue. The impact in the first quarter was about $20 million in revenue. Our guide implies another $20 million in Q2. So first half of the year right now will be down about 20% in revenue. Second half, we expect to be up about 20% because we saw some of the impacts of lockdown even in the fourth quarter, still lingering in China.  We've got 4 factories in China. As you said, we got our headquarters in Shanghai. Three of those factories were closed for a few weeks. Later, they opened up at 50% capacity. All 4 of our sites right now are 100% at utilization. Our Nanjing plant, which is the one that supports our Applied Water business, it actually never closed. And that's the reason why AWS actually had mid-single-digit growth in China here in the first quarter.  So we expect there to be a gradual opening in China. We think it's all manageable within our guide. Obviously, there's a risk there. But our people are all safe and sound and they're working their backsides off to make sure we deliver on our commitments.  We did talk about also that there is the global supply chain effect. And we think that's the one that really is kind of the wild card going into the second half of the year, but we feel that we've got that embedded in our guide.
Patrick Decker: I think the -- it's a great question, Mike. I think from a demand standpoint, we don't see many storm clouds on the horizon here right now, just where we are in the overall investment cycle. I know some may have questions even around what's happening in Europe from a geopolitical standpoint and focus on moving towards oil and gas alternatives, et cetera, will money be derailed or directed there. That's not even the way that the funding mechanisms work in Europe from a water utility standpoint. So we think even that's pretty robust at this point in time. . I think the -- I think in the near term, the challenges remain, in our case, chip supply and just being able to continue to execute what we have in our pipeline. Our bidding pipeline remains very healthy, north of almost $2.5 billion in the bidding pipeline at this point in time. So again, I'm paid to be paranoid. So we're looking at any storm clout there that we could possibly see. But it feels pretty healthy right now.
Patrick Decker: And Mike, I would just -- I would offer up, I think to your question around visibility from an overall market sentiment standpoint, our bidding pipeline, especially in the treatment and on the wastewater side being treatment and even on the clean water side being metrology, we've got visibility there and a bidding pipeline of at least 2 to 3 years out. And that's why we're speaking with the level of confidence around what the overall market sentiment is.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yes. So we still feel really good, Mike, about the pipeline in terms of opportunities, and they range from larger opportunities of moves into various end markets. But even in the small- to medium-sized opportunities that are there. We've got some things here that we're pretty excited about in the near term that hopefully, we'll be able to execute on. So more to say there over the coming quarter or 2. But in general sense, we -- I feel -- certainly, we feel the M&A pipeline is as healthy as it's ever been. But we're -- we continue to be disciplined on valuation.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yes. So again, we come into the year with a really strong balance sheet. Sandy laid out what our firepower is at this point in time, and we are not hesitant to do deals. Obviously, we're going to be disciplined around valuation. I would not preclude equity from being used in the right situation, but it's not our first lever to really lean in on around capital deployment in general.  We also don't see M&A and any repurchase of shares being at odds with each other. In the past, we've used share repurchase authorization that we have out there right now to offset dilution of our long-term incentive grants. But we realize now there are time to be opportunistic given the current environment. And again, we think we're able to be both opportunistic on share repurchase as well as still do strategic M&A. These are not binary decisions, in our case.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Great question. So let me parse it apart a bit. In terms of kind of existing contracts and deals, we've seen no cancellations there. Our customers are very well aware of the challenges. In many cases, they've got multisource, and so they're seeing the same thing from our competitors along the way. So they realized that we're not alone here.  But -- secondly, it's the fact that so much work has gone into getting the regulatory approval of these large AMI deployments. The returns on investment for them are so substantial in terms of revenue generation that they just want to continue to move forward and execute these things. And so the likelihood of them going back is minimized in that context.  Are they frustrated? Of course, we all are. But we've been weathering this for a while now, and we've been working closely with them to find alternatives to meet their needs, even though it may not be the level of metrology they originally spec, it's good enough right now to move forward, but still with a clear view of what the original approved implementation is going to look like.  In terms of new deals, yes, this is not just with existing customers. We're winning a number of new customers along the way, especially in that medium-sized part of the utility sector, which is really encouraging for us. In terms of changing our own behavior, we are -- we've been very disciplined along the way on being very open and forthright on what delivery frictions are right now so that we are not overpromising and underdelivering to any new deals that we're winning. We're being very clear about that. And I think customers appreciate that transparency as I'm sure our competitors are being transparent as well with them on what their own delivery lead times are.
Patrick Decker: Sure, Nate. Again, good question. You're right. We have been very focused on the large utilities initially because, in many cases, as you will know from the conferences that you attend. Oftentimes, the medium to smaller utilities are looking to some of the larger ones that will lead in terms of proven technology, et cetera, but not always. I mean they've got their own minds and their own investment plans. . Oftentimes, for those medium utilities, they're looking at entire implementations of AMI as opposed to maybe for a larger metro area, it could be sections of a city. So when they make the decision to go full scale, it takes them a little bit longer to make that decision because it's a bigger strategic choice for them to make. And so it is encouraging to see that level of adoption happening.  They also -- their timing typically is tied more to the retirement of the existing metrology deployment that they have within their cities or communities. And so we see this as being a really healthy, steady stream of conversion over time because while they may study AMI for a while, getting ready for a complete upgrade or overhaul. These things are phased out over time. It's not going to happen all within a few years. It's going to be staged out over a decade or more, at least across the course of the U.S.
Patrick Decker: Nathan, sorry, just really quickly, I mean, just another data point for you. I know you're aware of this and maybe others are not. I mean, again, when you think about the U.S. alone, we're talking about more than 50,000 water utilities, and the largest majority of those are small to medium size. So that's why we're so excited about this part of the market. And still less than half of that market has adopted AMI.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yes. So we've not seen any -- there's been no double ordering in that regard. I mean, the team is very disciplined around that. And the nice thing about these large metrology implementations is we know exactly what the endpoint count is that they need. And so we work very closely with our customers there to make sure that we're not taking duplicate orders.  We are prioritizing customers. We have someone allocation. Obviously, we're trying to prioritize those that are most stressed at this point in time. You never say never on these things in terms of at some point in time, somebody canceling. But I think, again, as I mentioned earlier, the customers understand that there are a few other alternatives and these implementations have gone through such a rigorous long-range regulatory approvals, and they're so critical to their own revenue generation capability that as long as we're able to meet their kind of basic demand as best we can and give them as full transparency as possible, we've been very proud and very pleased in working with them as well as with our chip suppliers. We talk a lot about the customers.  We are working as closely as possible with our suppliers to redesign a number of our chip requirements for next generation. We're redesigning our own products to meet minimum needs here in the immediate term. There's -- it's a multifaceted angle here, and that's why I'm so proud of the effort of the team to navigate this, including our customers' patients.
Patrick Decker: And on the infrastructure bill, no real meaningful change there. I mean we do think it's going to be a positive over time. I don't really see that being a big impact here in '22 as things continue to settle out. We see that more as a benefit in '23 and beyond.
Patrick Decker: And I would just offer up, Scott, that again, I think what we've been really pleased with is the resilience of our volume and our share. And in some cases, even gaining share in certain parts of the business. And so we -- the market really has shown a level of resilience in this area. And I think, again, we've been acting as a leader in this area. And pleased and as things continue to move from an inflationary standpoint, we'll continue to act responsibly. .
Patrick Decker: And I think, Scott, the -- I mean, just some other -- trying to parse out your question here. I mean if you think about the incrementals in this business, I mean any dollar of growth that we get in this business is going to drop very healthy incrementals to the bottom line between the 30%, 40% range. In terms of what we've laid out in our long-term guide is in that mid-single-digit range, which, obviously, really drives heavy margin expansion, especially given the mix with M&CS. So maybe that helps frame out a little bit. But I mean, this is a business that generates very healthy incrementals at whatever level of growth there is.
Patrick Decker: It's an interesting angle. It's not really one that we're prioritizing right now. I mean the things that we have in the pipeline, again, we really focus on the strategic logic behind them in terms of for the long run. We kind of look through this cycle in terms of chip demand. I understand where you're coming from with the question. But I wouldn't say that, that's really heightened our view on any particular asset based upon chip distress.
Patrick Decker: Not as we see it. Based upon our experience in Europe over many years, Europe is very resilient when it comes to underlying demand. So it's a much heavier OpEx element there in terms of repair replacement of installed infrastructure. It's less reliant on new CapEx. And even when there is new CapEx, the funding mechanisms tend to be pretty well sheltered, at least, in the larger economies across Europe. I'm not saying there are no economies that are not immune to it, but we've really never seen big swings there on the CapEx side.  In terms of what we do see is the lion's share of our business there is repair and replacement, which is very stable, very steady as well as really attractive margins. And so we feel pretty confident right now around the outlook for Europe as we see it today.
Patrick Decker: Joe, it's something that our teams stay close to every day. That's one of the biggest challenges, obviously, in this kind of inflationary environment is where is that limit. And we're always looking at win-loss ratios. We leverage our capabilities in sales force and our bidding pipeline there to get a feel for what that trade-off is. And so the team stays very close to that. And we look at that on a regular basis. And so until we see meaningful moves in that win-loss ratio, that tells us that we need to continue to make sure we cover the inflationary impacts.  What we're encouraged by thus far is that in the areas where we've taken price increases, we continue to see volume growth in those businesses. And so that's a good healthy indicator as well. But it's not something by any means, Joe, that we take for granted, something we're very, very close to.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yes. I mean, yes, you can imagine all management teams spend a lot of time thinking about when you make a change in guidance and how you want to approach that. We just felt that it was prudent at this point in time and confident to raise the lower end. Trimming the top end, we still see a path there. And obviously, things have to go in the right direction. But -- and obviously, there are clouds on the horizon that every company is seeing right now, but we see a path there, and we'll continue to monitor that. . In terms of what those are, it's what we've talked about before. We need to continue to see pricing momentum. We need to continue to see improvements in the chip supply and delivery around those areas. And hopefully, we'll see some improvement on the outlook for China. China is not a demand issue for us. It's really a matter of when we're able to ship out our backlog there as well as mitigate what the downstream impacts on the supply chain are.
Patrick Decker: Well, thank you all again for your time and attention this morning and for your support, and I look forward to catching up with you between now and the next earnings call. In the meantime, stay safe, stay well, and I wish you all the very best. Thank you.
Deane Dray: Good morning, everyone. Maybe we can start with MC&S and just more encouraging news on the chip shortage front. Can you give us a sense, now you've got record backlog that is -- I'd be interested in hearing what the implied margins are. And maybe some sense about -- so customers are giving you these orders, knowing they're going to be delayed to a degree. So it doesn't sound like you've lost any competitive positioning there. So maybe we can start there.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. And then the follow-up question are on the recent headwinds. And look, FX has always been -- we know your exposure, that's the math, and I'm glad you've laid that all out. But how about reflect on China, it's roughly 8% of revenues, just true me up on that. And how -- what's the expectations on how this plays out? We know your headquarters is in Shanghai, and just some real-time update and expectations of the reopening.
Deane Dray: That's all helpful. And just lastly, with all the comings and goings, I want to wish Colin all the best. We'll miss him. He's a class act, great insights on the water sector. For Matt, well-deserved promotion. I still have his cell phone, just let them know that possibility. And welcome to Andrea as well.
Sandra Rowland: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. I think, Deane, when we look at the profile of the orders that we've been bringing in, we're really encouraged about the margin structure. It's accretive to the company. And as you already know, this business gets really good leverage. I think you can see that already when you look at this quarter sequential improvement even from Q4 to Q1, where we've had about a $20 million pickup in revenue and seeing very good margin recovery as the revenue line grows. So very satisfied with the profile of the orders that we've been bringing in.
Sandra Rowland: Yes. I think great question. And obviously, it varies by segment. When we look at our AWS segment, that's where we typically carry a very small backlog. But as we look over the past 18 months there, orders have really been high, and we've been constrained from a delivery perspective because of supply chain challenges. So in that case there, we have a backlog that gives us really good coverage for the next couple of quarters out.  In water infrastructure, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. We have some short-cycle businesses there, and we have some longer cycle businesses there. And so in the shorter cycle, we have coverage as we look out for more coverage than we typically have as we look out for the rest of the year. And M&CS, the story there is we keep getting orders that are outpacing the amount of revenue that we're able to deliver. And I think it's going to take us about 2 years to catch up on the demand that we have today and the balance between supply chain.
Sandra Rowland: Yes. Great question. Great question, Nate. This is something that our teams have been very focused on. And since we saw inflation start to rise last year, we've implemented numerous price increases. In some cases, we had to work through existing backlog before the new prices took effect. And so we saw a big step up from Q4 to Q1 in our price realization. And as we look forward throughout the year, we would expect that to continue to ramp in each successive quarter. . As we look at Q1, we -- our price did cover material inflation and freight. But you're right, we were still underwater. We didn't cover sort of our labor inflation, our overhead inflation. As we look out to Q2, we expect that to be neutral. And then in the second half of the year, price should outpace the inflation effects.  And I think it is important to note in our guide, we did increase it for stronger price realization based on what we experienced in Q1 and what our outlook is for the next quarter. And we also did up our inflation outlook.
Sandra Rowland: Yes. I think when we looked at adjusting our revenue guide and our forecast, the primary reason that we adjusted it is for a stronger price realization, and we're seeing that in AWS more than any other segment. As we look out for the rest of the year, we're still monitoring chip supply for the other segments. And water infrastructure has a high concentration in China. When we saw the impacts in Q1 from China, they were largely concentrated in water infrastructure, and that's also where we'll see the impact in Q2.
Sandra Rowland: It's really four things. You touched on the first thing. The first thing is price cost, and that will continue to improve throughout the year. The second thing is chip supply and M&CS as that revenue ramps in the second half, it has very good contribution margins. The third point, I would say is China. We have a very modest we have revenue declines in the first half in China. We're expecting to see a good pop in the back half in China. And then we announced today some leadership changes. We're pursuing some simplification opportunities and some of those will drive cost savings in the back half of the year as well.
Sandra Rowland: Yes. What we saw from a free cash flow perspective in Q1 is very much in line with our historical patterns. We typically use cash in the first quarter. As we work through the rest of the year, one of the things you may note is that our inventory balance is up. That was purposeful. We've taken on some incremental inventory to try to mitigate some of the impacts of the supply chain challenges. And we're going to be thoughtful as we try to work that down in the back half of the year. .
Sandra Rowland: Yes. I think just to give you some context, Scott, in Q4, we had about 200 basis points impacts from our price increases. That doubled to 400 basis points in Q1, and we would expect that to continue to increase. Now since the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, we've seen some of our commodities increase, our costs, particularly around stainless steel, which is impacted by nickel.  And so as we roll forward inflation assumptions for the next 3 quarters, we see more headwinds in the neighborhood of $40 million to $50 million. And so in response to that, our teams have gone out and implemented incremental price actions, some that they were not contemplated when we put together our budget. And so our teams are acting quickly. We've changed some of the practices around price increases. We used to have over a 60-day lag time between when we announced a price increase and when it went into effect. And now we're down to less than 2 weeks across our businesses.
Sandra Rowland: The other thing I would add, Scott, is the impact on our margins is price/cost has gotten a lot of attention. The secondary impact is mixed. When you look at our revenue mix, with M&CS being down this year, the revenue that we've lost because of the chip supply constraints comes with high margins.
Sandra Rowland: Yes. So I think if you look at our M&CS backlog, it's around $2 billion. And we have I would say, between 20% and 25% of that backlog is held up by the tip delays. And that's been growing each quarter because our orders have been outpacing our revenue conversion.
Sandra Rowland: I'm not sure I totally follow your question, Scott. I think we -- when we model our long-range plan, we understand assumptions around inflation. We also set productivity targets across our organization, both in the manufacturing centers and across the functions. And we have a goal as an enterprise for productivity to outpace inflation. Now the past 18 months have been a little bit different, but that's our overall philosophy.
