Patrick Decker: Thanks Matt. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by expressing my sincere hope that you and those close to you are keeping safe and well. Predictably this earnings call is going to be different than normal. The full team is not here with us. It's only Matt, Mark and I that are together and we're spread rather distantly around a big room. Given the times we're in, we're going to keep our prepared remarks brief. As it's especially important, we leave more of the call for Q&A. I'll start by sharing how we've guided our COVID-19 response around the world. As you know, we felt the impact of the outbreak early given our sizable business in China. Our anticipation of that impact in isolation turned out to be just about right. And our business there has recovered strongly. Having said that, as the impact spread across Europe, and then the US, we saw steeper declines in revenue than we expected. So we moved early to reduce spending and are now finalizing further structural cost actions. We're privileged to serve markets in which our products and technologies are vital to the continuity of essential services. And having entered this period in a very strong financial position, we've been able to maintain and even further enhance our liquidity since then. So looking ahead, economic conditions are evolving too quickly to forecast demand in the near term. So we consider it premature to reset guidance just now. We will however, share what we're seeing in our end markets and offer more detail about our outlook. We'll address how we see the marketplace responding to the pandemic, including a notable flight to quality, and we'll share how we're using that to shape our investments, as certain trends accelerate across the sector. In particular, we see COVID-19 shifting how our customers are thinking about sustaining their essential services. And that provides an opportunity to shape both our cost structure and our investment priorities to emerge in a strong position on the other side of the pandemic. Before we get into the results, it's important to provide some insight into how we've responded to the spread of COVID-19. I want to begin by expressing how deeply humbling it is to watch frontline utility operators all around the world step up to serve their communities. They are delivering essential services in extremely difficult circumstances. I'm also very proud of the Xylem team's response supporting these folks. When COVID-19 emerged in Wuhan, China, our team activated our business continuity plan. Their first priority was to provide for the safety and well-being of our frontline colleagues, our customers and our partners. We then quickly moved to understand our customers' most urgent needs. It was clear that water, sanitation and hygiene were going to be essential to combating the spread of the disease. So we shored up our supply chains and we got critical equipment into our customers' hands so they could keep essential services flowing. We then acted to protect our financial and competitive position. With the China team's response underway, we activated our corporate pandemic plan to coordinate actions around the world. We put Tony Milando, our Chief Supply Chain Officer in charge of the global response effort. Tony is with us on the call today to answer any specific questions you may have about that response. As COVID-19 spread beyond the initial outbreak to major supply hubs like Italy and Germany, and then we dealt with lockdowns across the US, India and elsewhere, we apply those same principles model first in China. We also significantly reduced our spending both in the areas of OpEx and CapEx. And we put in place a package of employee support to underpin the well-being of our workforce, and to make sure they could focus on serving our customers mission critical work. Before passing the Mark to talk about Q1, I also want to mention how rewarding it's been to partner with our customers to help communities around the world. Through Xylem Watermark, our corporate citizenship program, our employees have found ways both large and small, to support the sustainability of our communities, working side by side with our customers and our channel partners and I'm so proud of all of them. Now with that, I'm going to hand it over to Mark to provide detail on the first quarter.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, so I'll take it first, Scott. Yes, we definitely expect the decrementals to moderate over the course of the back half of the year. Part of the abruptness here in Q2 is the temporary support pay that we've got for our folks and some of our communities and customer support. We do expect that will moderate as things return back to some semblance of normalcy. Two, it's also a mix of business within the quarter that we see. And then third, we'll have the benefit of the overhead cost reductions that we're implementing both temporary right now, but also the permanent structural reduction. In terms of what it will moderate to, that's yet to be determined, although historically we've talked about decremental margins somewhere more in that 35% kind of range over time. But we won't see that until more likely the second half of the year.
Patrick Decker: Let me just hit the high – I mean, there were a number of components coming in from China Tony, maybe you can give a little bit more color.
Patrick Decker: Yes, Deane, this is Patrick. And all the conversations I've had with many, many utility CEOs over the last month. Their single biggest challenge right now is obviously keeping their labor force out in the field, whether it be again inability to access residential meter repair installation, or again, just having the workforce available in general, given the impact of the virus on their workforce. But I do want to be clear, we've not seen project cancellations and if anything what the utility CEOs are saying is that they're actually looking to double down here in the latter half of the year on accelerating implementations, spinning out their CapEx budgets because of some uncertainty around what the next regulatory approval process might look like in terms of funding. So they're going to see a surge in their view here in the second half of the year. We've also continued to see some large international projects that we had been pursuing that are very much remaining on track. And even a bit of optimism there in terms of those moving forward again, nothing to share right now. So we'll have more on that later.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, directionally the detrimental margins for water infrastructure and for the applied water business are going to be pretty similar to what they've been historically. They're going to be in that kind of 30% plus range. I think we're going to see – what we're expecting in Q2, the largest decremental impact is going to be in M&CS. And that's because we've got a large labor and service piece there that we're going to hang on to because we don't want to let them go and we want to bring them back at this point and so we're going to absorb some overhead there. That will be impacting us in Q2. That gets a whole lot better in the second half of the year, although we're not guiding to that at this point in time. And then lastly you do have this kind of across the board temporary employee support package that we built in. That is also built into that 50% decrementals.
Patrick Decker: Sure. Yeah, so it's a great question Ryan. I think the – what I'm hearing from the utility CEOs as we sit here today, and this is a global conversation, not just a North American conversation, is they're not calling that. They're not they're not making that judgment at this point in time that this is going to be like previous financial crises. Even during financial crisis in the past, as you well know that 70% of their spending that is OpEx remains quite resilient because it's again, basic essential services, it really is that 30% of CapEx that can move around. And right now, that's not what we're hearing from them. I mean, we're keeping a close eye on that obviously, we don't want to have deaf ears to that. But they're viewing this as a bit different from a financial crisis, given the human and health nature of this one. They're not calling for a snapback immediately, but they're also not calling for a depression situation in terms of not being able to get projects funded because of a number of the bailouts that are being discussed at this point in time provided at the state local level. So that's the best view we have on it right now.
Patrick Decker: I mean I'll just add also there – I would also add there that again, the reason I bring up the global component of that is, we've actually seen a pretty strong snapback already in China and India in terms of building up critical infrastructure there on the waterside.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, that's a great point. You can be rest assured that we are absolutely committed to preserving our innovation investments. And what I would say is this has allowed us to – there's – it's oftentimes said that it's not usually brand new innovations or trends that pop up coming out of a crisis, it accelerates trends that were already there. And that's certainly what we're seeing right now, especially within the utility space, but quite frankly, across each one of the verticals. And let me take it in a couple parts. So we are staying very close to our customers directly. But also, this has afforded us the opportunity to get even closer in discussions with organizations like Wes the owners of WesTech. They're talking about how they're going to be doing things remotely in terms of a trade show. And that led us to having great conversations with them around also how we use them as a conduit for feedback they're getting from various constituents on innovation themes coming out of this. And so we're in regular interaction with them in those conversations, so there are themes like, again, remote asset management, again, supporting remote workforce along the way, the issue of affordability in terms of how they become more productive in their OpEx, but also how they make their CapEx more affordable going forward has allowed us to actually accelerate the conversations that we had in place on our digital offerings. And we've actually had a significant increase in activity in that type of conversation and request for bids. A number of utilities are now able to action, what they refer to as their emergency procurement protocols to be able to move on with that activity that they were otherwise struggling to be able to do. So there are a number of these areas that we actually see as a silver lining as we get through the other side of this pandemic.
Patrick Decker: No, actually, just to clarify, Nate, we are going to be taking those actions. And so those – some of those are underway, some more of those will be coming here in the immediate term. I don't want to get into the details on the call here as to what that is. We are going to be taking those temporary actions, but it's really in service to – we're all on this together. So the faster that we're able to move on to more permanent structural changes, obviously, the less deep we have to go in the temporary, but we – these are all going to be done in service to each other that we're all on this together as one company. We are – to the latter part of your first question, which was on the permanent structural side, what the size of that is and when would we begin to see the benefits of that? We're being very purposeful and thoughtful in our approach to those structural actions. We're not just in a rush to cut, we really have been working feverishly on making sure we have a good understanding as best we can as to what are the structural changes in our customer sets coming out of this pandemic and align ourselves accordingly. I think we all recognize in this world that we've learned the hard way, all of us, to be able to do a lot more with less. And that's all factoring into our thinking on what the permanent structural changes will be, so more of that to come in our next earnings call. We are going to be taking those actions here in the immediate term. We will see benefits as I mentioned earlier, it will improve the decremental margins in the second half of the year. It will obviously have an even larger impact and benefit in 2021 just given the fact that we do have approvals we have to get and works councils and things like that in various parts of the world.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, I think you've read it right Nate. It is where we've seen the single biggest impact in the immediate term both in Q1 as well as in what we're looking at in terms of Q2. And I would say they're – the impact, really is that you've got sites that have simply been shut down on the industrial side of the equation and therefore if they're not up and running and they're not going to be at our pumps, and other ancillary services along the way. We've also had some impact within our indirect channel. We sell to distribution largely into that area. And so they've also had their lockdown and kind of work at home policies. So it's as simple as that. You're right. I mean, we definitely expect that as things open up, and that might be a little better in Q2 than what we're calling for. Who knows? We think we're being prudent right now and cautionary on Q2. But certainly as things begin to reopen in the second half of the year, then there will be – we would expect to be a meaningful snapback. And there will probably be some pent up demand at that point in time that we can benefit from, but it's too early for us to call that.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, and I would just add to Mike is that as you and the others will know, I mean, in these times the strong gets stronger through this. And we're going to be strategic and continue to be appropriately aggressive to support our long-term strategies that we laid out before those remain unchanged. Perhaps maybe some of the things that we invest in from an R&D standpoint get differentiated a little bit more based upon what we learned through the pandemic. And again, that's just part of the strong getting stronger. Again, I don't want to over use the phrase of flight to quality, but there's clearly going to be a flight to quality here. And we're confident that that's the position that we're in and we're not going to waver from our original commitments.
Patrick Decker: And I would just add to that. Tony mentioned communications. And I know it may be a little salty for this call, but on the communications front, really, for the past several weeks, since things really began to spread and it was deemed a pandemic. We've leveraged our own internal platforms to – every Tuesday I do an all hands call with all of our folks around the world and it just kind of ask me anything kind of what's on their mind. And then every Thursday, I have a call with our top 400 leaders to hear what's on their mind and just to kind of pass along critical elements communications, so I do think all it seems soft. There's a lot that comes out of that that keeps us in touch with what's actually happening. And that further informs what our overall response plan is good.
Patrick Decker: And just a bunch of weight that I want to make sure we're clear here that what we're talking about in terms of any relief for customers, that's a very targeted and it's very temporary. Key cost it's very temporary and we would expect that to normalize and course correct in the second half of the year, so that really is more of a comment on here in the immediate term. That's not a comment on the year.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, sure, I'll – yeah, I'll – this is Patrick. So it's certainly something that – I mean, given that China is now our second largest market around the world, although, it still doesn't come close to the size of the of the US market for us. The reality is that we've been dealing with these tensions between the US and China for quite some time now. And even though they may be heating up again now and maybe get worse, who knows? The reality is we are seeing it's such a multiple company in China. We don't have a single expat, the look and feel for any of those of you that have been there know that we are very much seen as a local company there. That is high quality. Secondly, the fact that roughly two thirds or 70% of our business goes into the water, infrastructure space, most notably utilities, its critical essential services. And we've to this point, not seeing any disruption even through the previous trade tensions and other discussions along the way. So we feel we're pretty immune to that. I think the third of our business that is commercial and industrial, that's tied more to the broader macroeconomic outlook for China. And we actually see that part of the business is improving right now because there is a return to some level of normality in China, the economy along the way. So we – I don't want to say we're down to it, but we're not concerned about the tensions between the US and China from a business standpoint.
Patrick Decker: I would just add that the – I want to go back to comments we made in the prepared remarks and that is, I think it's important for everyone to understand the reason why we were down further in Q1 and at least we're guiding right now to be down steeper in Q2 is, one really needs to follow the virus. It hit first in China. We've got a disproportionate amount of business in China relative to other companies in our space. It really didn't hit fully until really in late March into April, coming out of it now. It then moved to Italy, to Spain, to Germany, where we've got major supply points and hubs for not just Europe, but also for some of the product lines that we sell into the US. We're now coming out on the other side of the curve of that, but we're already halfway through or almost halfway through the quarter. Then it moves to the US. And that's where we find ourselves in similar situation to competitors and peer companies that have a larger US concentration. And so one really just doesn't need to overcomplicate it, you follow the virus in terms of the impact that had on shutdowns, job sites, factories, et cetera. And that really is how it's flowing through our impact for Q1 and our outlook for Q2 and then we recover in the second half of the year.
Patrick Decker: Yeah, Saree, so we saw it in the utilities, certainly we saw a pretty broad base across China. As mentioned in the prepared remarks 50%, more than 50% in applied water, but we saw it in water infrastructure too. You're now seeing us return to utility activity and quoting – bidding activity that's returned to pre-COVID levels in China. So that's an encouraging sign that our teams have seen. Albeit they're working through what life looks like after the pandemic where those meetings have changed, a lot of it is virtual, a lot of it is less people than previously done. So we're getting back that. We're starting to learn what that's going to look like for even our European and US businesses, but there's a bit of learning that we've had from the China side.
Patrick Decker: It's a great question. I think the – so what we've already seen and again, I step back globally. I'll come to the US here in a second. As Matt mentioned, we're already seeing recovery in China. It is lagging the utility side because it's less essential and critical, but it is returning to normality there. And we expect that to be the case, certainly following in Europe and then eventually here in the US. The part of our business right now that's been most heavily impacted is the bucket ship business in the US that was especially hard hit in the northeast in California, where you had the hot spots of COVID-19. The rest of the business is actually held up fairly well in that regard, but it's been very steep in those COVID-19 hotspots. So we do expect and again, as I mentioned earlier, it's not necessarily in all cases where we go direct, it's also the impact it's had on our channel partners, and their ability to be at work. And the feedback that we get from them is that they do still see quoting activity continuing on jobs, it is happening remotely similar to what we see in China. I think we all can kind of relate to that. So that always slows things down a little bit in terms of jobs getting completed, in terms of bid. But we do expect there to be a reasonably strong recovery. But I do think it's going to be prolonged for some period, as things just take a little bit longer to get done as people are working remotely. So I don't think it's going to be a big snapback, it's not going to be a V shape. At least we're not guiding that way at this point. But I just want to make sure everybody understands. It is very much isolated to certain hot spots around the US. It's not a broad based commentary on commercial channel.
Patrick Decker: And we – the approach we took on this was to get on it – as soon as we heard about it, get on it now, like get it behind us, do what we got to do to take care of those customers and move on and that's why we took the charge in the quarter and we're confident that as Mark said, it's very contained. It's an isolated piece of the business, certain number of endpoints. And our customers have responded very positively in terms of the way that we've gotten on it.
Patrick Decker: And one of the things – and one of the learnings that we had coming out of China that I think we didn't mention in our prepared remarks, and I don't think Tony mentioned earlier was, as we saw, again, following the viruses, we saw things moving around the world, one of the things that we did was go ahead and begin to build up inventory in certain factories to get ahead of it, to make sure that we could at least try to minimize supply disruption and just absorb demand flowing, but be able to be prepared for that. And that certainly was also the case in our India factories, the two that we have there.
Patrick Decker: Yes. Yeah. I mean, I think our comment there really – I think the intention of Mark's comment was not that there wouldn't be deals to be done or there won't be activity at all. I think it just – it always moves things out a little bit more to the right, as people will try to figure out kind of what is the appropriate valuation for their asset and then you can take the time to do the diligence, as Mark pointed. So we're not rushing out, but at the same time, we are very open. Again, our strategy remains unchanged there. We'll be smart about it, both in terms of the pace and the valuations, but you're absolutely right, again, there's a flight to quality and again the strong get stronger in these timeframes.
Patrick Decker: Thank you. Thanks, everybody for joining. Again, as we like to say here, stay safe, stay strong, stay focused. We appreciate your time here with us today. I look forward to getting back in touch with you.
Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, I think in Q2, what we're seeing based upon order trends, and what we're hearing from customers, the businesses that are being impacted unfortunately are some of the richest in terms of margin profile. So dewatering for example is certainly at the top of that list, in terms of margins and year-over-year impact. And we're seeing some of the same in our test business, which is very rich margins as well as in the North American Water side of the business for M&CS, so all of those are very rich in terms of the margin mix. But to Patrick's point, what it looks like going forward is a function of that mix volumes, but also, we will see benefit on the cost side that'll be reflected.
Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Hey, Deane, it's Mark. There's a couple of pieces to it. One is you nailed it relative to the impact on some of the deployments. And you mentioned one specifically, but there are others out there. And it's also – to the point you made, having some impact relative to that just the ability to physically go in and do some of that work. And the utilities are really focused on critical repair issues at this point. So not that this isn't important work and won't continue. But it's certainly been pushed out as less essential. And some of the other things we need to deal with.
Mark Rajkowski: I would say the – I think we really look at it on an end market basis and as we think about utilities, we're expecting to see on the top line down mid 20s including and that would include the clean water side with M&CS. In terms of industrial that's probably going to be down closer to 30%. And think of a big part of that that's going to be led by dewatering. Okay. And that's embedded in the transport, business in the water infrastructure business. And then commercial is going to be close to 20%, 20% plus and resi down about 30. But in terms of the margin by segment, I think water infrastructure will probably be the most resilient, I would say, followed by AWS and with some of the challenges we just talked about on the clean water side, probably M&CS a little bit more severe.
Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Nathan, let me let me start and give you a little bit of color on the 100 million. That breaks down roughly $40 million of reductions in CapEx, both was critical as well as just less need for certain capacity because of the demand. But also, we're focused on taking out roughly $60 million of OpEx spend and it's not so much focused on employees, it's focused on spending that we're doing outside, consultants, professional services, et cetera.
Mark Rajkowski: Sure, yeah. Morning, but I would start by saying, we do enter this with a very, very strong both cash position, but liquidity broadly. We are going to continue focusing on those areas that – our highest returning which is continuing to fund the investments we need to grow the business. We talked about that earlier, in response to Deane's question, that it's important that we maintain those critical investments to grow over the long-term. Secondly, given our liquidity position, and there's not – let's face it, I mean, deals are not going to get done in the near term, but we are going to be focused on keep – our ear to the ground. We know where we want to play. We know we want to participate. And we have our list out there and at the right time, we think we'll be well positioned to take advantage.
Mark Rajkowski: I would say Tony and his team have done a tremendous job in terms of the supply chain, making sure we've got good visibility into critical components and supply from Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers as well. So that's been very helpful.
Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, that would certainly be the plan. With some of the impact on volume we'll release some working capital, but we're also mindful of the fact that it's some of our customers are under stress. So we need to be on top of collecting our receivable. Some of our key customers and channel partners are under stress, so we're going to look to support them, but on the whole, as volumes decline, you'd see some release of working capital for sure.
Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, it's, as I said, it's a firmware issue, it's very contained. It's really in a relatively small part of our business. It's in our AMR side, which is the vast majority of our businesses, AMI, FlexNet and other things. So it does not impact FlexNet customers' international business, it's not electric or gas, so fairly contained. They've identified the issue and they're working through with customers right now. So it's very much contained.
Tony Milando: I am on. Are we talking about the supply chain disruption as a result of the warranty issue or just overall the –
Tony Milando: Yeah. Sure. Yeah, we did, we had a number of components, particularly in electronics that came in from China that were disrupted for a short period of time. We also had one COVID case there that shut the factory down for a couple of days. So now up and running and that person's back at work, and we're – that supply chain issue is behind us now.
Tony Milando: Sure, yeah. So our current capacity globally is about 90%. Our China facility was – facilities were down for about 10 days after Chinese New Year before they came back. In the first week, they were back at about half capacity. And now they're back up to 100%. And they're fully loaded right now. A lot of pent up demand, as Patrick mentioned, is coming back into some of the China facilities right now. Some of the lessons that we've learned were around communication, around safety and safety has been a stronghold for us for many years now. We've cut our incident rate down by 50% over the last four or five years and this has really been elevated. So temperature checks, PPE, social distancing and we've learned quite a bit from that model. And we're able to deploy that a lot quicker. In Italy, for instance, where we saw really no production downtime, we got low, but we never shut down the facility. And in fact, in our 50 facilities around the world, only one of those is shut down right now, which is in India. In fact the other Indian facilities are actually up and running from last week. So putting those safety measures in place, that communication measures in place have really helped us keep our employees healthy and the fact that we're all in deemed essential services almost everywhere as allowed our facilities to stay up and running.
Tony Milando: Yeah. So first of all, we have two facilities in India. One of the facilities is – we've been able to get it deemed in essential service and that actually opened up last week. I think the latest lockdown actually has pushed it out to May 15 and so our other facility will remain shut down through May 15. But the first facility, our larger facility actually was opened up last week.
