Phil De Sousa: Thank you, Jackie. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to Xylem's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Decker; and Chief Financial Officer, Mark Rajkowski. They will provide their perspective on Xylem's second quarter 2016 results and discuss the full year outlook for the year. Following our prepared remarks, we will address questions related to the information covered on the call. In addition to having a – in order to have enough time to address everyone on the call, I'll ask that you please keep to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue. We do anticipate that today's call will last approximately one hour. And as a reminder, this call and our webcast are accompanied by a slide presentation available in the Investors section of our website at www.xyleminc.com. A replay of today's call will be available until midnight, September 6. Please note the replay number is 800-585-8367 and the confirmation code is 29489904. Additionally, the call will be available for playback via the Investors section of our website under the heading Presentations. With that, please turn to slide two. We will make some forward-looking statements on today's call, including references to future events or developments that we anticipate will or may occur in the future. These statements are subject to future risks and uncertainties, such as those factors described in Xylem's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Please note that the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, and actual events or results could differ materially from those anticipated. With that said, please turn to slide three for a few key notes regarding today's presentation. First, to highlight that we have provided you with a summary of some of our key performance metrics we reported earlier this morning in our release. This includes both GAAP and non-GAAP metrics. For purposes of today's call, all references will be on an adjusted basis unless otherwise indicated and non-GAAP financials have been reconciled for you and are included in the Appendix section of the presentation. Additionally, please note that references to 2016 outlook metrics include the financial impacts attributable to previously closed acquisitions and have been adjusted to exclude non-recurring transaction costs. Now, please turn to slide four. I will turn the call over to our CEO, Patrick Decker.
Phil De Sousa: And I could cover this off, with you after the call, but you should end up with organic of about 2% here in the third quarter, and kind of 2%, 3% or so in the fourth quarter organically. We still expect FX headwinds over the course of the back half of the year and do still have some impact from acquisitions as well, but I can walk you through the details.
Phil De Sousa: Joe, we probably wouldn't get into all that level of detail here. Certainly don't want to open up that Pandora's box and be expected to be commenting on it quarter in, quarter out. You'd appreciate that. I'd highlight if you recall last year, we got the pretty large Panama Canal expansion job in our dewatering business. That was about $6 million worth of order that we got in Q2. We ended up shipping it in Q2 and in Q3, or recognizing revenue. We also got a pretty sizable public utility or municipal job in the Middle East, can't name the customer only because we're not allowed to. That was a $12 million job. It was a global project shopped, worked on by, well, a lot of different contractors and vendors. That was also a pretty unique order that we got that we delivered later in the year. And so those are really the drivers in the Water Infrastructure muni side of things. We would have seen flat order growth last year in Q2 overall for Water Infrastructure, but these would have driven, if there was 4%, 5% orders growth in the municipal side of the Water Infrastructure order book last year, that would have been offset by the beginning of headwinds that we started to see in the oil and gas business, predominantly in our dewatering business in Q2 of last year. So that was offset there.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. We delivered a solid first half of 2016, and I believe we're building strong momentum in our commercial execution, as well as achieving significant progress against our productivity initiatives. We know there's plenty more to do, but that leaves us even more optimistic about our potential for future growth. We will continue to increase our investments and strategic growth initiatives, including in the areas of innovation and technology as well as in our faster growing markets. Finally, we remain committed to driving a disciplined capital deployment strategy and continuing to improve our working capital performance, both important contributors to our growth. Now, operator, we can open it up to questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, Deane. So, yeah, let me just characterize what we're seeing here and I've seen this in the past, both in this market as well as even in the energy sector's when projects begin to heat up, which is obviously not the case right now in that sector. But what you saw is you've got constraints on a number of the E&C firms, the construction firms, tight labor market, obviously, some level of wage inflation there. They bid these projects, they put in there their budgetary quotes. The quotes sometimes come in higher than what the municipalities were actually thinking at that point in time. They push it back, say rebid again. And although we've already been committed, the project and the order from a customer, the contractor, they can't officially place the order on us until they actually have that in hand. It typically, from my experience, takes a couple of quarters for this to work through the system. It's hard to predict, but again, it is not unprecedented. And as I said, it is a high quality problem to have. And those rebids and the quotes don't have an impact on our pricing or our margin structure. It really is just a matter of the timing of when the project actually flows through. When I talk about the size of the pipeline, the total pipeline that we're talking about really are treatment projects, and those are the leading indicators for us. And that total pipeline is about $2.6 billion and that pipeline is up 15% from a year ago. And so it does give us pretty good visibility into what 2017 could look like, again, setting aside any ongoing shift out of the timing of some of these projects. But overall, it's actually a very encouraging sign to see this level of healthy bidding and tension in the system, Deane.
Patrick K. Decker: It does, it does, Deane. And it also is a bellwether for the overall wastewater market. And so, when you see healthy bidding pipelines here and project activity, that also bodes well for our Flygt submersible pumps. Anything that we're selling into the wastewater sector tend to benefit from that rising tide.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, yeah, I would say that it's a bit more cyclical in the U.S. and the cycles there historically would run anywhere between five to 10 years on the wastewater side. I would say the recovery that we're seeing in Europe will be steadier, and we see that improvement obviously being driven largely right now by the AMP cycle in the UK, which is a five-year program, and we're in the second year of that. So, that's got a few more years of its tail behind it. And as I said earlier, we continue to see quarter sequential improvement in the project pipeline for China and each of the emerging markets. And so, we see a level of rebound happening there as well on the public utility side.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, Ryan. I think the way I'd characterize it is we would consider, as we talked about at Investor Day, that once we got through this first year of extraordinary comps, that we would see somewhere in the healthy mid single-digit growth for 2017 and onward. Obviously, that can vary from year-to-year, could be a little stronger than that in certain years. But we do see the comps get tougher and they get tougher in the second half and that's why we've guided down to mid single-digit growth in the second half, averaging at a high single-digit for the year, but again, we would consider that kind of strong mid single-digit growth to be healthy and sustainable for the next number of years.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I think it's a combination of the two. I would say that there is some benefit of projects in there from quarter-to-quarter, but I do feel confident that we are gaining share in certain key markets in the wastewater side. I think that is attributable to two things. One, there have been some products that we've launched that are entering the market and are being extremely well received, and we'll have more to talk about on that front in future calls here. But secondly, one of the benefits you have when you have a large share position like we do, especially on the submersible wastewater pump side of the market. By definition, as you see an increase in the level of repair and maintenance in kind of break and fix business, the person with the larger share does benefit disproportionally there in terms of growth, because it's our installed base that's being repaired and replaced. And these customers, as you well know, almost always replacing kind, and so we're certainly benefiting from that as well. That's also helped our mix because that's a higher margin business for us relative to the initial OEM install.
Patrick K. Decker: We also have the – we also have the visibility, Nathan, that you'll recall, that last year, we booked a $40 million project in India. That's shipping out this year well into the second half of the year as well. So that gives us confidence in the Q4 ramp as well as some other projects that we already have in the bag. So, part of it is normal seasonality in terms of Q3 being down, because we do have obviously some of the holiday periods in Europe and timing around that. And that volume tends to then be re-shipped in Q4 or shipped out in Q4. So, there's nothing there that alarms us at this point in time based on what we see in the funnel and what we've got backlogged.
Patrick K. Decker: I think – we've got good visibility within particularly our new CRM tool, which is salesforce.com. So we've got a good tracking of the bidding pipeline and when these projects are likely to be awarded, what our confidence is in probability to win. We've got a whole rating system like many companies do on a project-by-project basis. So, we get very good visibility there. I would say that when you look at our guidance for the second half of the year, the scenario by which we would deliver the lower end of that 2% to 3%, would be if, in fact, there were some projects that were shifted out of Q4 into Q1. Again, we don't – we aren't calling that, we don't see that, but we thought we'd be prudent to at least build that into the lower end of the top line growth range.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So, Nathan, we got – of the 44% of industrial, I believe about 36% of that is what we call light industrial. So, it's not tied to production output, it's pharmaceutical plants, chemical, marine, food and beverage. It's not tied to commodities, it's separate. And that's been growing very steadily in that low single-digit rate, kind of tied to GDP. And it's been that way year-after-year, so no real change there. The 8% of our industrial which is tied to oil and gas and mining, 3% of that is oil and gas, 5% of that is mining. Oil and gas is basically going to be – it's going to be basically flattish in the second half of the year to maybe down low single-digits that were calling, depending upon the 2% to 3% range. And then mining, we're calling to be down a further 10% in the second half of the year. Again, in the case of mining, it's not tied to output. As long as the mine is up and running, it needs to be kept dry, this really is a reflection of some continued shuttering and mothballing of mining sites around the world. And so, that we don't have a lot of good visibility, I'd say, beyond a quarter out, because obviously, we're not there with our customers and know exactly what their decision is site-by-site. So we think we're being prudent by calling it down a further 10%.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes, it is a U.S. phenomenon. And I would say it is concentrated around some of the larger projects, some of the larger more complex projects that are out there. I mean I wouldn't suggest it's not happening also in some of the smaller ones, but we see it more in a few of the larger ones.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah. So we saw tremendous strength in Europe. Commercial in Europe was actually up 20% in the quarter. Now that is off of a smaller revenue base relative to our competitors. So, I'd say we're still a little bit off the radar screen and that's good. It's coming from new products to a large degree, which are really focused in on energy efficiency, which are taking good hold there. But it's also really been enabled by some targeted investments our team there has made and what we call our city teams, where they are working very well together across the entire portfolio of AWS, including our Water Infrastructure side as well, and really focusing in on select key cities there in Europe and really penetrating along with our channel partners, and have made some very, very good traction. Now those comps too will get a little tougher as we lap, but we see that ongoing penetration for some time now and to continue.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, sure. So I'll give you what we know as of right now. As you pointed out, there is proposed legislation that has bipartisan support, and it does intend to work its way through Congress. Our intel suggests that obviously nothing will happen there until after the election. And certainly, one candidate has made comments on what her approach will be on this, and obviously we're waiting to hear what the other candidate has to say about this, but both have clearly indicated the importance of making these investments in infrastructure, and that's encouraging to us. So we are optimistic that something will move forward there, wouldn't obviously have meaningful impacts in the market until sometime next year. So, right now for us, it's a wait and see approach. On the idea of P3 partnerships, we do see a growing level of discussion and interest in that concept. I'd say we are in the early stages of getting traction in the U.S. overall around understanding how P3s work, and convincing some of the public utilities around the U.S. that those can be very attractive ways to fund and finance these kind of projects. So, I'm optimistic, but these things always tend to take longer than we would like them to in terms of adoption.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. So, we obviously play in a highly fragmented industry, including some attractive adjacencies. So, as I mentioned at our Investor Day late last September, we continue to believe that M&A is going to be a significant accelerator of our growth over time, as the right opportunities come forward. We do have a strong and attractive pipeline, and we're very focused on opportunities that are higher up the technology curve, really focused on four key areas: smart water infrastructure, advanced treatment, industrial water services and then, of course, opportunities to defend our core businesses where necessary. I'd say naturally we don't control the timing of the opportunities. It takes two to tango, and we strive to be disciplined in our evaluation and our pursuit of any potential deals, both from a financial and a strategic perspective. As you know, we did complete two small acquisitions fourth quarter of 2015 and first quarter of this year. And as we sit here today, we feel we have a strong balance sheet to support transactions of larger size and scale.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. And it's also some of the investments that we've got scheduled for the second half of the year. The timing in some of those investments, we're wrapping up investments in the Middle East expansion, as well as some of the investments that I talked about earlier in our European sales team on the city teams initiative that's driving that growth.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I think as we look at it right now, I would say it's probably around the 35%-plus incrementals, and that's down a little bit from what we would historically see in that sector, but that's really a reflection of higher project mix. And so obviously, depending on how that plays out and what drives the revenue, it could be at 35%, it could be higher than 35% incremental margins.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I mean, it would be a mix headwind, although what I would say is that the relative size of the treatment and test businesses are much smaller and they're also very similar in size, almost identical in size, and so they really kind of negate each other to some extent in terms of depending upon on how they play out. But obviously, the larger piece of our Water Infrastructure revenue is being driven by the submersible wastewater pump business in Flygt, which is very attractive incremental margins. And that's also really driving a lot of our impressive growth right now in that sector.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, Joe. It's pretty broad-based. I would say, we're seeing it happening in a couple of sectors. Obviously, in those metropolitan areas that are experiencing very attractive increase in tax receipts, California being an example, Texas being an example. Florida is a very hot market for us right now. We're seeing strength in Northeast. But it's pretty broad-based in terms of the munis that are showing those signs of recovery. And I would say in terms of applications, I mean we certainly are seeing a significant increase in both our wins, but also bidding pipeline on reuse projects in places like California and Texas and elsewhere. But those are not yet hitting our revenue or our order book in a big way just yet, but expect them to do so later this year into next year. That's specifically on the reuse side.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I mean, certainly, as I mentioned earlier as well, as we look at our rate of strategic investments, we'll continue to be responsible in monitoring and moderate that if we saw any weakness on the top line. So we've got good line of sight to that from a contingency standpoint, but what we're committing to you right now is productivity gains upside.
Patrick K. Decker: No, that's fine. That's fine. So, we were up 10% in the Middle East in Q2. And our full year outlook is to be in the mid single-digit. There is some project timing in there and movement around. So, we're calling mid single-digit for the full year. Couple things that are driving that for us. We've had some really – so first of all, we're serving the public utility market and the commercial building sector. And so, we're a little bit immune from the commodity prices of oil and gas. The Middle East is building out basic rudimentary wastewater infrastructure at this point in time, and we continue to see healthy commercial building growth there as well. And then, also the fact that we are completing our grand opening of our new manufacturing facility, dedicated sales people on the street, and localization of R&D, they're later this year. And so, we don't have a lot of that baked in from a growth standpoint, because it's not done yet, but that gives us opportunity here to take share in the market.
Patrick K. Decker: Great. Well, again, thank you all for your continued interest and support. Look forward to either seeing you on the road or hearing from you on our next earnings call here in three months. So, thanks all, safe travels and have a great end to your summer.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. And I'd add, Patrick, just to put an exclamation point on that. While it's up 15% year-over-year, we're up, we've seen 10% improvement quarter sequentially.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Yeah. Nathan, its Mark. I think part of this is just a function of the timing, part of it's natural ramp-up that we see in the fourth quarter on a regular basis, but some of this is timing and we've seen the delay from the first half of the year into the back half. And so some of this, we do expect to push out a little bit with probably more of that in Q4 than we'd expect to see in Q3.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yes. This is Mark. Yeah. But some of that on the high end is just related to some of the volume drop. But that is partially offset by what we see as continued improvement in ramping up our productivity initiatives.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. We are seeing increased rates of success in terms of our Lean projects and Patrick mentioned it early on, Global Procurement is doing an outstanding job. So, it is really the large productivity initiatives as opposed to a lot of discretionary spend.
