Gretchen W. McClain: Ryan, I'd look at it first from a broad perspective. I mean, we're seeing large issues around the water industry and public utilities, and then having to pull back to be able to support their operating and maintenance activities. And so a lot of activities around capital expenditures have been deferred or put off. Though the activities are being planned, so when they get the additional funding, they're able to let them go. So this last fall -- I mean, we didn't see much activity. All through last year, our project activity was quite low. And so the stacking of projects in the queue has continued to come forward. And we've been doing a lot of activity around first quarter and second quarter in bidding. They just have not been released as quickly. We believe, given the tariffs that continue to increase with the public utilities, that they will be released as we go forward. And the other area that we've been focused on is trying to the help the public utilities bring their operating costs down, so they can free up money for capital expenditures.
Gretchen W. McClain: It varies because if you look at U.S., you'll see the June time frame. It's on around, obviously, the government-type funding. But you also have many of them that are on a year-over-year, especially when you look globally. So it does flow differently throughout the year. We are planning on treatment in our activity, continuing to pick up in the second half from an orders perspective, but given the length of the projects, you'll typically see the revenue come in to 2013.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, it's a great question. It's something that we try and stay very close to. We feel really good about our strategic position in the market. We're still having good growth, in general, when you strip away a couple of the activities that I talked about, on top of the very great growth in 2011. So we have individual market and regional, and really project strategies that we deploy in a framework of an overall portfolio strategy. So I feel good about where we are. We've put a good process in place, that we review our wins and our losses, and then we make the appropriate adjustments as required. So we feel good that we're driving the right thing and, of course, we're driving profitable growth as we continue in the future.
Gretchen W. McClain: Sure, Deane. Just in terms of the other businesses that you see upside, as we mentioned, agriculture is obviously an area when we look at our TTL business with vertical turbines, and so forth. Great business during a time of the drought, helping the farmers continue to grow. If I look at U.S., North America, we're up 5% in our residential market. So we feel good about where we are. You also have, as you mentioned, the well pumps. They're working harder. You see water levels drop and so you have the opportunity for replacement. So we feel good, again, where we are with that position and continue to grow that. Coming back to your dewatering question, the one thing I would just bring up is -- yes, it was impacted by the drought, but our dewatering model in itself supports many other end markets. So we'll continue to help in mining. We're still helping with public utility bypass and other areas, still a very robust business and a great opportunity where you have similar equipment that can be used in many different applications.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes. Deane, I'd say, you laid it out very nicely, as those are all the areas that we're looking at. In terms of our healthy backlog of candidates, we feel like we've got a healthy deal pipeline and we're working that very aggressively. The bolt-on strategy has worked for us and we think that's a nice way to continue to expand, as well as to invest back into the organic platform that we're continuing to build. So geographic, technology, and clearly, regional areas are going to help us or channel into the market, will be areas that we continue to expand in.
Gretchen W. McClain: I'm trying to help you. Clearly, on the treatment area, we've seen a significant push into next year. We're anticipating our treatment business to be down for the rest of the year, continuing to get orders and continuing to get book-to-bill shipping. But we will see a large portion of our treatment business falling into next year.
Gretchen W. McClain: And then just one more point, Matt, in terms of public utility treatment, we're also trying to take, as I mentioned, our treatment technology into industrial. And we've seen some very nice orders and wins there. Again, some will be pushed into 2013. There'll be some that obviously play into 2012. But given the length of time, typically a 2013-type revenue recognition.
Gretchen W. McClain: So our emerging market -- so let me address that. Our emerging market growth, what we've seen, nice growth in the first half and we continue to see that sequentially growing as we go through the second half the year.
Gretchen W. McClain: So we've got a couple of big projects that we've won in India and a few others that ship in the second half of the year. And we've had nice order-taking and good business execution in our emerging market's strategy. Think about this, we announced that we positioned ourselves in Russia. Our organization is up and running. We've got an opportunity to continue to grow there. We've put a very focused strategy around our emerging market activity. And so, as we are expecting sequential growth from first half to the second half, we believe we've got good line of sight from some of our projects that we'll ship, as well as what we need to do and execute in our end markets.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, so when you think about it, we talked about 170 basis points for the first half. I'll still go back to what we have said our goal is, 1 to 2 points a year. And we're driving that aggressively. You're going to see a couple of dynamics in the second half of the year. One, we drove very aggressive pricing last fall, so you're going to have some tougher compares to where we were at the first half. And we've been at it for a while. So the team is getting very disciplined about their approach. The other area is, it is a tougher market. So you're going to have market pressures in the second half and so we've accounted for that as we look through the second half of the year.
Gretchen W. McClain: So in 2008, when the onset -- you saw, the primary focus was in the U.S. at that point in time. Europe came much later, I would say, at the end of 2009. I would say, where we're seeing the issues in Europe -- and I think it's important to really focus where Europe is. It's been driven primarily by southern part of Europe. We're still seeing strength substantially in the Nordic regions. We're seeing strength in the U.K. We're still holding our own in Germany. So it really has been more of a Southern Europe exposure. Now, coming through the second quarter, we did see some volatility across Europe, which had us concerned and, hence, the reason why we have re-forecasted our forecast for the rest of the year. But it's not the same dynamics as what we saw in the 2009 timeframe. But there is a lot of volatility, and we want to be prepared appropriately, and that's why we're taking aggressive steps.
Gretchen W. McClain: I guess I'd add one more thing. As you know, the public utility business has been stable and what we're seeing is, you saw industrial, you saw ag, you saw the rest of the industry going up. You're seeing that now start to slow back down but, still, stability in the public utilities across the board with the exception of Southern Europe.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, we've actually seen our bid activity in China pretty well. If you think about their 12th 5-year plan, it's around wastewater, and our teams have been aggressively working, not only in the large cities, but moving Westward and trying to capture the growth there. We've got a disciplined approach. I think we will continue to see some nice execution from our China team.
Gretchen W. McClain: So in terms of the details of it, I don't want to get into the details here. It's too early to do that. But we've got detailed plans that spread across both of our segments. It's really going to position us appropriately for what we're seeing in terms of volume, but also strategically position us as we come together as a Xylem team, to maximize our penetration in the market based upon our strategic objectives going forward.
Gretchen W. McClain: So, yes, we've looked at Europe in terms of it's going to be volatile for some period of time, so we're thinking through that as we make these decisions. We still think Europe is a critically important region for us. And we don't want to lose that focus on our customers and our ability to continue to invest for the long-term growth. So I feel very good about what we need to do, but we need to right-size both from the economy, as well as strategically position ourselves so we can execute our strategy. In terms of our portfolio -- and you look at our fundamental business of Xylem -- solid business, a solid set of portfolio, pipeline, product lines and businesses. So I feel very confident of what we have. Our strategy more is in acquiring and continue to bolt-on to our business, and continue to run our foundation even more effectively.
Gretchen W. McClain: So we're doing a couple of things. I mean, obviously, our first focus is really around discretionary cost reductions and running our business more effectively like we've been doing over the last several years. We will look at pacing some of the investments. One, when we do that, we look at what's happening in the economy, and are there some end markets where we are going to be launching certain activities that we ultimately should be slowing down based upon the execution. So it's really aligning it based upon the strategy that we have, which we are still advancing, but aligning that geographically based upon on where we have the growth. So it's pulling back a little bit, but it's not stopping our growth strategy.
Gretchen W. McClain: I'd say it's more proactive steps that we're taking to position us for some of the unknown in terms of the market that we see. But also, as we think about ourselves strategically and how best to position in a geographic region.
Gretchen W. McClain: I'd say, roughly, we're about 70% deployed across the organization. Our plan was to complete about 80% this year. We're slightly ahead. So it's pretty much deployed throughout the leadership teams and very specifically, across end-market-by-end-market. The teams are really driving it in a much more aggressive way than we had in the past, and I feel good about our process.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, great question. You look at Xylem, brand new company and we need to build our brand as a company and that's extremely important so people to know who we are. And we as a team of 12,500 employees, come together as an organization with a common focus around water. Our legacy brands are very strong. Many of them have been in the market for over 150 years and have a very strong relationship with our customers and the end markets in which they serve. So I think they're like, kind of like a house of brands. Now in that, we clearly will have some brands that we continue to eliminate, and really go after our strong brands, so when we go into different regions, just like I talked in our last earnings call, was we're taking products out of our WTW [ph], which is over in Europe in our analytics business and we're bringing them into the U.S. under our YSI brand, because that makes some sense. So there'll be cross-branding, maintaining those strong legacy brands, all under the house of Xylem.
Gretchen W. McClain: Our long-term strategy hasn't changed. I mean, we still see we've got opportunity in our business to continue to get more leverage, more productivity and we can -- and as we think about deploying new products and new markets that we go into, more attractive, more opportunity for profitable growth.
Gretchen W. McClain: So we've got a healthy pipeline of opportunities, many of them focused around the bolt-on, but we've got some sizable of -- the size of YSI. We look at the full industry and we'll make the decisions based around strategic, obviously, culture, how it fits, and then the final line being the financials and does it make sense for the business. So that strategy hasn't changed. I would say, though, primarily bolt-ons, but we are looking across the whole industry for the right strategic alignment.
Gretchen W. McClain: Well, you go back to our growth platforms, being dewatering and analytics, that's clearly important to us. But emerging market's important, continuing to expand our technology, and as well as channels that allows us to position ourselves in expanding areas. So when you think about products in the portfolio, we think of gross margin and how we can improve our gross margin. So that aligns with our strategy as we go forward.
Gretchen W. McClain: Yes, so our long-term growth strategy has not changed and the goals that you outlined there are the same. We see that continuing to play. The actions that we're investing in, our core business, as well as the acquisitions that we have pursued, drive us in that direction and so that stays the same and we see ourselves on the right path. Some economic headwinds that we're seeing right now, but nothing's taking our eye off the ball on achieving those.
Gretchen W. McClain: We're very active. We've got a very active pipeline. We're continuing to look at it. Now, we're not going to force something to happen. We're going to be disciplined as we have been because that works for us. Our process has really demonstrated that's the right direction to go in because we're getting profitability out of our acquisitions that we've done to date. So we've got the capability to spend $300 million, but it will be paced, based upon strategic and opportunity at the right time. So let me close with just a couple of comments. Our business operations continue to perform even with the lower anticipated revenues. We feel great about gaining share in the emerging markets. We're introducing new products and services. We're expanding our position in our dewatering and analytics businesses, while we're continuing to advance our strategic acquisition strategy. And we're also, as we talked about, taking proactive actions to reposition ourselves, given the uncertainty in Europe at this point in time. We're focused on good earnings and a strong, solid cash flow. And so we feel good that our business is performing, now that we're 9 months as an independent company. So feel good about the direction that we're headed in and the growth opportunities that are in front of us. So I want to thank for your interest and the time this morning.
Michael T. Speetzen: Ryan, the only other thing I would add is, what you're seeing come through on the first half, is also the product of the price actions that were taken in the second half of last year, primarily in our Applied Water segment, where we saw a pretty significant inflation. And obviously, that will moderate a bit because the compares become a little bit more difficult in the second half. But that also plays into it, in terms of similar dynamics that we saw play out across the broader market.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so, let's talk onetime separation cost. So we had indicated that we would have $15 million to $20 million. We've incurred about $10 million through the first half. As we've indicated in the past, we see that being -- tapering off, really, in the fourth quarter. So I would look at Q1, 2 and 3 being kind of at that same level. And it's really -- as we finalize legal aspects, as well as any of the branding signage of the company and those types of activities, and there is some IT work that has to go into that, we've got a pretty disciplined process around that, not a lot of concerns relative to the range that we've put out there on that particular bucket. From a standalone cost perspective, we've indicated $25 million to $30 million. We're holding to that range. We've obviously, as you see in our results, did take some actions relative to our corporate cost structure in the second quarter, in light of the current economic environment. But we don't see that impacting the incremental standalone costs. As I've indicated in the past, there's a good chunk of these costs that really relate to IT infrastructure that we had to put in place, and some of the incremental costs that were added, not only at corporate but also within our business segments. Again, we have a good line of sight to that and we feel pretty comfortable that we'll be right in the range on those.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so the foreign exchange impact in the second quarter was $0.04, and then we're talking, relative to the guidance range, $0.03 year-over-year in terms of the change in guidance and that's on $50 million of revenue. And Matt, really, where that's coming from is -- although we've seen some of the currencies that make up our basket come down, the biggest impact has been in the euro. It's moved down about 7%. We had given previous guidance at $1.31. It's now at $1.22. If you think back to some of the framework we've put in place in the past, where we talked about a 10% move in the euro, yields about 3% to 4% move in the top line, you can ratio that down and it gets you pretty close to the movement you're seeing right now.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, I mean, Matt, when you think about the guidance we initially gave for public utilities, we had guided that they would be in the low to single -- low single-digits. We're now saying flat to low. That change in guidance is being primarily driven by the fact that the anticipated order bookings that we were planning for, coming out of last year, didn't materialize and so that push has essentially moved that range from kind of low single-digits to that flat to low.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, we -- at this point, we're planning to be essentially flat, meaning about 3% inflation in the second half. And at this point, we felt it was better to plan for a higher level of inflation, both in our cost actions, as well as our cost structure. And if that ends up playing to the benefit, then we'll obviously have that as an opportunity. The thing that I'd also note is, our susceptibility to the current period fluctuations is -- I won't say that we're not, but it's minimized by the fact that we tend to put ourselves on long-term supply agreements, which essentially dampens some of that volatility. Our direct exposure to commodities is relatively small. And so some of that is going to be taken out of the equation. But we've always planned conservatively, and we'll look for any opportunities to improve that as we can.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, that's right, it's true. We had about 17% growth in the second quarter in our emerging markets.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Chip. I think the way I would think about it is, in 2008 to 2009, we were coming off some market highs, specifically around commercial and the CapEx side of public utilities. And since then, those markets really have not had a significant improvement. We've seen gains in areas like retrofits and specific projects, and so what we're really seeing is more of a moderating environment, which I think is consistent with how we've articulated it versus a dramatic falloff in terms of what we saw back in that '08, '09 time period.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so here's the way to think, kind of the full picture. We had been anticipating the U.S. to be in the mid single-digits. We are now projecting it in low single-digits. We had expected some level of European growth from a full year standpoint. We're now assuming Europe will essentially be flat, and we really haven't moderated the emerging market growth that we had assumed. It's -- I'd say, more heavily weighted towards a European reduction, than it is the U.S. But we are seeing moderation in both those markets.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, so there's a couple of things. One, we do see some of the typical seasonality that has held up over the past several years, especially coming out of the vacation season that we'll see in August. A couple of other components. One, the public utility side tends to ramp. They're on a different fiscal calendar, so you can obviously read into that, in terms of some of the dynamics that play out as you get into back half of the year. And then, our analytical instrumentation business was down heavily at the end of last year. That has obviously moderated and we see that continuing to improve sequentially, and that will also fuel some of the growth. And then we've obviously got a good presence in Eastern Europe, and we'll see that to continue to be an opportunity for growth.
Michael T. Speetzen: I mean, Terry, we're heavily focused probably more on the discretionary side. You saw it come through in the second quarter. And pulling the levers where we're clearly not jeopardizing the stewardship of the company, but that we have opportunities to defer or cancel out cost levels within the business to preserve the investments. And then really going after the restructuring as a way to make sure that we're in a good position, heading into next year to preserve our ability to continue that investment level in the business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, you bet. So we're going to have $15 million to $20 million of cost this year. There will be an additional $2 million next year. The run rate savings that we'll achieve will be about $10 million starting in 2013.
