Patrick Decker: Thanks, Shashank. To wrap up, I'd again highlight that we delivered another solid quarter. We continue to see signs of an improving public utility market and post above average organic growth overall, overcoming industrial weakness. We still have a lot of work ahead of us to close out the year, as our teams delivered a very strong fourth quarter last year. Looking ahead, we know our year-over-year comparison will ease starting in the second quarter of 2016, as we finally lapped the substantial declines in our dewatering rental business driven by the oil and gas sector. In addition, we are committed to maintaining focus on driving productivity and cost discipline, which will enable us to continue to deliver a stronger bottom line performance. We are also focused on executing our capital deployment strategy. Returning capital via dividends and opportunistic share repurchases and cultivating a solid pipeline of M&A targets. Lastly, I'm encouraged by the progress we've made this year and pleased that we continue to be on track to deliver on our full year commitments. And now operator, we can begin the Q&A session.
Patrick Decker: Sure I think, first of all it's our geographic exposure that helps in that regard as well. So again, there is some of the emerging markets that factors into that. But it's also, when you look at the nature of our industrial exposure, it much less weighted to the energy sector and much more to broad based general industrial and again, we do - we just continue to see signs of strength that's there. If you look at where we are in the quarter industrial growth excluding oil and gas was up about 2.5% and that's roughly what we're continued to expect through the balance of the year.
Patrick Decker: Sure, thanks Scott. There certainly are acquisitions of larger size in the pipeline. We are actively in discussion with a number of bolt-on targets kind of smaller tuck-ins. Certainly larger than the ones that we announced here, but we also continue to cultivate some larger targets that are out there. And so, we really highlight this one not so much because of the size, I wouldn't consider this to be typical of the sizes we go after, with really to demonstrate as much that the pause is over. And two, the fact that as I mentioned in Investor Day. I really do see M&A serving sometimes as a proxy for R&D and that really is largely what this acquisition is pointing to.
Patrick Decker: Sure, I'll take that one Scott. So I would say, you're absolutely right. So we've got a very large installed base especially on the Public Utility side and as a result of that. Even throughout the cycle, we would normally see low-to-mid single digits in terms of steady growth. I think what we're saying here is, we're seeing kind of the upper end of that and would expect that could probably be growing even faster as we go forward here because as you've heard it say before, it really is a trade-off for these infrastructure owners. You can only kick the can down the road so long before it's going to catch up with and you're going to be forced to deal with the Break/Fix aspect of things. Now obviously that could moderate and balance towards Greenfield infrastructure investment as well. So it's always the balance in the equation, but we would expect to continue to see probably the upper end of that mid single-digit growth in Break/Fix.
Patrick Decker: Sure. So, our teams have a very, especially in the project side have very good visibility to all of the active projects that are out there within the EPC community as well as the property owners themselves. And certainly as, we've continue to build out the utilization of Salesforce.com. We've got even more visibility to the pipeline and what the conversion rates are and we have seen some improvement in our win rate as well, as an increase just in the level of quoting activity. And so, pretty rigorous pipeline review that we do on a regular basis. So as I mentioned earlier, Deane in my prepared remarks. We're not really looking at that pipeline so much as a view towards what our treatment business would be per se because as you know the project side is still a relatively small portion of our overall revenue. It's just historically been a leading indicator as to demand that's coming for our broader water infrastructure business overall.
Patrick Decker: Sure. So I'll take various aspects of the gains [ph] and if I don't address each of your questions. You're just, remind me again of some elements of it. So we saw again in the third quarter continued robust growth as you pointed out and that really is driven by our over waiting towards public utilities and the municipal side. And that really is being driven by largely the government mandate there around pollution control and water preservation. So that's the overall macro driver that's there. We obviously have seen a slowdown in the commercial building sector. Although, it was still growth for us in the quarter and we expect that to continue to grow, albeit at a slower pace. In terms of the - who we're competing against there. It is a combination of global players, but also local players. Obviously part of what we're doing in terms of localizing our product design in China and looking at ways to augment what we call our Tier 1 offering with a Tier 2 offering there as well, is to protect ourselves on the flank in terms of local competition. We're optimistic about the opportunities that we have there to be able to even grow that kind of Tier 2 segment, while still preserving margins in that business because of the features and benefits that we can decouple and deliver that at a better value for customers more in the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities that can't really afford [indiscernible] any of the larger pumping stations that these large cities do.
Patrick Decker: And Brian, I would just, this is Patrick. I would just add a couple of things. On the margin side, we also as is normally the case, our global procurement savings accelerate over the course of the year. So we'll have some additional procurement savings in Q4 as well. On the revenue side, within that range, obviously we talked about there's always risk of project delays at the end of the quarter shifting from one to the next. The way I would handicap it for you all, it would be within the guidance range that we gave you. I'd kind of go right down in the middle of fair way in terms of what that revenue guide would be and that would help mitigate any, of that risk that maybe out there. So just to help you guys kind of do your models, I'd say right down the middle of fairway on the revenue guide.
Patrick Decker: That's overall. Yes, that's actually - it's mainly on the water infrastructure side that you would see some of the bigger project, right.
Patrick Decker: Yes, so it's a good question, Brian. Just to maybe help size it up for everyone. So again the oil and gas exposure for us for the whole company, is roughly less than 5% of our 2014 revenue. It's actually going to be down around 3% to 4% of our 2015 revenue given the sharp drop that we've seen. That exposure really has begun to stabilize and we got 44 branches in the US, seven which are the ones that are really tied to fracking and they're the ones that are really been hit the hardest. The team's done a lot of great work in managing the cost side there, mothballing in some locations, moving equipment to other international markets to open up opportunities there. And so, we really don't see another leg down from a dewatering standpoint and oil and gas. Given that our exposure is really now being contained. That's why we're making the commentary around getting through Q4 and Q1 and then we finally lap that tough compare on that, small piece of our revenue but disproportionately profitable.
Patrick Decker: Yes, certainly there would be some shift towards a larger project mix. But it's certainly over the timeframe that we talked about at Investor Day kind of looking at over the next three years to five years. I certainly wouldn't expect that to shift dramatically. There's probably, if you look at it historically that might go up to maybe a third of our overall revenue that would be on the project side versus where we've been tracking over the course of the last few years.
Patrick Decker: I mean to be specific, Ryan on just to give you a feel and maybe to take it back to Investor Day in terms of the targets that we laid out there for you all, that we're marching towards. Historically, our incremental margins have been around that 35% give or take. What we factored into, our long-term outlook was through a combination of some slight uptick in project mix as well as faster growth rates in emerging markets that, that long-term incremental margin that we assumed might be more around that 30%, maybe little slightly better than that, but it's you know probably down about 5 points from historical average and we got that already modeled in, that obviously derived, are thinking also been around simplification, VOD [ph] some of the other things we're doing to offset that to really driver the bottom line expansion, that we committed to.
Patrick Decker: Okay, great. So I feel very encouraged and very good about what's happening in our innovation funnel and pipeline. The areas that we highlighted at Investor Day focused on elements such as energy efficiency. Obviously as the Internet of Things make its way to the water segment. Our whole monitoring and control platform that we're building here, those were things that we are already bringing the market and we have a number of introductions that are scheduled here through the end of this year and end of 2016 and onwards. We do feel and see that does give us a pricing opportunity, as we increase the value, we're giving to our customers and as we've seen and parts of our business where we really activated that pipeline. The growth rate, as you would expect in that part of the business, where we're actually introducing new products has grown function over the rest of our base business and has come at more favorable margin. But we'll have more in our coming earnings call. We'll be announcing some of the new products that we've actually launched.
Patrick Decker: I would say, right now there is not been a big shift between the two obviously. There are some large projects that you've heard us announce that we booked here, I'd say over the course of the last year. so whether that be in parts of Asia, whether that be in Latin America or the Middle East and we certainly had a number of those high profile big project wins. But in terms of what we see in terms of bidding pipelines as well as other bookings. We are seeing again emerging strength in the US that we discussed again thus far this year. Secondly, we would expect more so in 2016 and 2017 not sure if you're familiar with the UK AMP Cycle, which is a five-year investment cycle, really targeting the water sector by the UK government. We are now in that first year, there's typically a bell curve that's associated with that five-year timeframe and so it's typically year two and year three, which is next year and the following that you will also hear us talking about ramp up in project and order activity there in the UK, which is not our largest market, but it certainly moved the needle in terms of our overall order activity.
Patrick Decker: Certainly there is heightened level of interest in these emerging markets especially on the public utility side. I would say that, where we have and I certainly never take that for granted but where I think we really do have a distinct advantage is, if you take an example like China. We've already got a very well established footprint there, we got great customer relationship, we've been there for a number of years. To our customers there, we really feel like a local company. Obviously, although we're run as a professional global organization. The Xylem name is well-known there. We're well penetrated and I really think that we benefit from the integration of our portfolio. And so, often times it maybe that our Flygt brand is example of the calling card. Based upon the great relationship we have there. But that now is pulling through in many cases, our treatment and our Analytics opportunities there in the country as well. The same is happening in India, as well as in the Middle East and certainly in South America as well.
Patrick Decker: Yes, I would say fairly simply. We've seen some level of stabilization, in terms of the exposure that we've got there in Canada. Obviously we've benefited this last quarter from some growth there and some project activity. But again I'd say for us is, it's pretty stable at this point.
Patrick Decker: No, I mean not, we're not implying that. I think the - we'll continue to be opportunistic in terms of share repurchase. We clearly have the capacity with the authorization that we already have there as well as our balance sheet. We've got the capacity here to do both share repurchase as well as accelerated M&A activity. So I wouldn't read anything into the comments as it relates to Q4.
Patrick Decker: Yes, I would say that I wouldn't read too much into the last couple of quarters or so of the order moving. I really would focus more on what's happening to our backlog. They're shippable in 2016 and beyond. We've had in any given quarter there are a number of projects in any given year and we try to kind of call that out for you guys in terms of what's in there and I realize it maybe choppy overtime. But as I just kind of look ahead to 2016 and beyond, certainly based on what we're seeing here in terms of our public utility strength again the modest strength that we in industrial and certainly the strength in commercial building. I think you should see kind of continued pattern in terms of organic revenue growth here through the first quarter and as I mentioned earlier, when you get into Q2 when we pass this difficult dewatering compare, then I think you begin to see a further acceleration of our top line. So not quite so dependent upon the long-term bookings and projects. Really being driven as much by the short cycle nature of our business and what we're seeing in the trend line there.
Patrick Decker: Sure. I'll hold back from giving any kind of perceived guidance for 2016. We'll certainly cover that in our February call. But in terms of the trend lines that are there. When you think about the impact this year of the unfavorable mix of dewatering, which is a small - the oil and gas piece of our revenue is small, but it was disproportionately profitable. So when you think about kind of getting through Q4 and Q1, you then should expect to see a return to kind of our normal incremental margins that we'd have in the past that kind of 35% range. In terms of the things that help that obviously we'd lapping the dewatering compare. Secondly, you would get the normalized incremental margins on volume fall through. Obviously. We're going to continue to be driving lean and procurement and simplification opportunities, as we talked about in Investor Day. There obviously will be some reinvestment for growth as well. But we'll outline at that for you in the February call.
Patrick Decker: Sure, yes. We're pleased with the progress that the teams' have made there. Obviously it’s' a lot of work, it's more than just putting systems energy well in there, Joe. It's a cultural change and its training and education and getting people accustomed with the tools, with the adoption rate on the Salesforce.com or CRM is very impressive here in North America, which is where we've largely focused our efforts. We're now obviously doing in other countries as well. We're doing a lot of work right now on the project quote configurator [ph] software that we got to make that easier for our customers and our sales teams to work with and so we're in the middle of that implementation as well. But I certainly echo your comments that's going to be in my view, a significant competitive advantage for us. We're early stage in that. It is a multi-year implementation that we're focused on. The other piece that you alluded to was the back end and that was also a big piece of our simplification game plan that we laid out at Investor Day and we already have some level of shared services implementation in North America. We're prioritizing Europe next and we are very advanced in the planning phase and moving into execution on that.
Patrick Decker: Yes and I think, that if you look at the direct exposure that we have in oil and gas which by the end of this year would be somewhere between 3% to 4 of our total revenue and it is really isolated largely to a certain number of branches in dewatering and to some extent our Applied Water business. You know I wouldn't suggest we're completely into it, but I think it's a manageable kind of impact for us. And so we keep a close eye to it, but a number of these locations. We're about as close to mothball as you can get. And we've redeployed the pumps to other markets and so I think the team's done a great job in sheltering us from another leg down in that area. But we certainly keep a close eye on it.
Patrick Decker: I wouldn't read anything into it. I mean again we're going to be opportunistic. Like I said before, we have the capacity to do both that as well as acquisitions and if we think it's smart to do so, we'll continue to do so.
Patrick Decker: Great. Again, I want to thank you all for your continued interest in Xylem and thank you for joining the call today and we look forward to updating you on the fourth quarter as well as our 2016 guidance in early February. So between now and then, safe travels and happy holidays and we'll see you [indiscernible] soon.
Shashank Patel: Hi, Nathan. This is Shashank, so I'll take that question. From a price realization standpoint, we're neutral overall. So what we've experienced in the second quarter. We saw third quarter, so there's pockets of price pressure out there. But overall, it was pretty much flat in the third quarter and that's our expectation in the fourth quarter. The mix dynamic you talked about was primarily coming from the dewatering side, where the oil and gas headwinds were stronger than we had forecasted, so that impacted the mix part of the equation.
Shashank Patel: And just to, this is Shashank just to add to that. So on the - as far as the international players, obviously the [indiscernible] are big one, we compete directly head-on against. And on that side, that is premium value segment of the market and that's a lot of way, we participate today and as Patrick said on the infrastructure side. The investment continues there, so we've continued to see strength there. As we've all heard, there's been a slowdown on the construction side and that's where we've seen the slowdown in commercial building services, but there again with the localized product. Where we're going to be looking at competing more on the, let's call it the value segment. Which is where you see a lot of the local players.
Shashank Patel: Yes, let me take that one. From a revenue perspective, first point is, we do have an extra day versus the prior year last year, that's what the bottom 1% as far as organic growth. If you recall, last year we had a very tough compare, we were up about 6% in the fourth quarter but when you look at the normalized growth it's more like 3% to 5% in Q4 last year. Since we equate that and we look at the guidance this year, it's about 1% to 3% organic growth over the fourth quarter last year. Which with the extra day and normalizing last year it's kind of inline and it's supported by the strong order activity we've seen. On the margin question, clearly in the third quarter we had margin headwind not only from the softness in the - from the oil and gas and dewatering, but also the points I noted especially on the AWS side, where we had the Italian tax true up, which was a one-time true up as well as FX transaction and those were primarily driven by the strength in the [technical difficulty]. But when we take a look at that headwind going away, as well as the extra volume leverage we get in the fourth quarter that's how we anticipate the extra margin expansion Q3 to Q4.
Shashank Patel: And just to add to that, the 5% that Patrick talked about as far as the percentage of total revenues. We expect that to be down 50%, so that function change we saw with the oil and gas.
Shashank Patel: The other point - the other point to notice as we discussed during Investor Day. One of the big initiatives on the innovation technology side will be to work around VOD [ph] which is really taking cost out of the material component of our product. So obviously, you talked about long-term, that's the big long-term drive over the next five years and that has an impact directly on the gross margin line and then some of other business simplification work we'll be doing, obviously will improve gross margins as well.
Shashank Patel: And I think to just to add to that, is clearly the competition for, all companies. They're focusing towards more of the emerging markets because that's where the growth is and that's how we're addressing that, is with the local presence. So the investment in Middle East, South Africa and Dubai that's one way to address it. But then a greater way is for localizing the product content and getting the lower cost into our material [ph] so we can be more competitive in those markets as well.
Shashank Patel: Yes, I will say out of that 5%, I mean it's tough to say that, because share gain or not but I think we're roughly speaking probably 30% to 40% on that will probably be share gain and the balance is just the overall market is improving.
Shashank Patel: Well so and you're right, corporate expense was lighter [ph] in the quarter and what we did, is we aggressively managed discretionary cost in order to mitigate some near-term margin headwinds because we saw that in the third quarter especially with the volatility, with China's devaluation and the turmoil out there, a lot of in emerging markets, but there was collateral damage. So we aggressively managed the project type cost that we have in corporate. So and that's why we've got a lower cost in Q3. But the more typical run rate that we see is in the $11 million to $13 million range for each quarter.
Shashank Patel: And just another note, when we look at the third quarter last year, this is the tough compared note that we had in the prepared remarks. Last year, Q3 were up 10%, so it was a very tough compare. It was our strongest quarter from an order booking standpoint in 2014.
