Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mike. As I said, we're off to a solid start to the year. We're excited about the direction Xylem is headed and look forward to sharing more details about our future plans at an Investor Day meeting later this year. For now let me get reiterate that we remain focus on driving stronger operating performance even as we face some uncertainty in the marketplace. I'm pleased with the progress the team has made in that regard and the continued momentum of that work. We do see some positive signs ahead, and we will continue to invest to ensure that we are well-positioned to capture new growth opportunities later this year and into 2016. We remain committed to delivering on our financial commitments and executing a broad-based capital deployment strategy. Our operational outlook remains unchanged, and we're on the right path to realizing the full potential that this company is capable of delivering. So operator, we can now begin the Q&A session.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. No, I'd be happy to, Ryan. So certainly, I'm very pleased with the progress that each 1 of our 5 growth centers have done over the last few years in revitalizing the pipeline. And you have heard more and more of our new products coming to market. This really is less about a leader coming in and kind of dipping into what each of our business units are doing. There are still some efficiency gains to be achieved there by way of localizing more of our product design and our innovation and technology in some of our fast growth emerging markets, whereas right now that's still large -- a large part of that is happening in the heritage markets in which those brands originated. So certainly driving it towards emerging markets is going to be part of that person's role and responsibility. But this is as much about some of the value mapping work that we've done over the course of the last few months, where we've engaged in a fact-based effort to really map out what the full array of what our -- kind of what our value chain needs are that our customers are managing each day in different end markets, whether that be in the muni market, whether that be in the oil and gas, power, mining, food and beverage. There's a whole list of markets that we have focused in on. And what this person is really going to be doing is working with our marketing teams and others to identify where are some of the white spaces that we want to be driving both organic innovation and technology but also helping inform some of our M&A activity. As you know, M&A is oftentimes a proxy for R&D in an industry where the IP is so fragmented. So those are probably the 2 primary areas that I have the innovation/technology lead focused on.
Patrick K. Decker: I think it will be a combination of the 2. I would say our predominant interest will be in adding new technology and capabilities to the portfolio, but certainly, where there are opportunities for us to strengthen the core, we'll certainly take advantage of that.
Patrick K. Decker: I would just add that 2 other areas that I think we're very much focusing on in helping mitigate this is, again, you heard us talk about ramping up our global procurement and sourcing efforts. So taking advantage of this low growth and kind of deflationary environment to put that pressure back on our suppliers. Secondly, this is an area where, again, rolling out new products is very helpful to us in terms of arresting the price declines, if not even driving some level of increase. So all the more reason for us to be bringing new products to market.
Patrick K. Decker: I would just add that I do want to just remind everyone that we're still very much in the building installed base mode, and so it's heavy project activity. It will be choppy and lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, but we do see a steady stream of new products coming.
Patrick K. Decker: And this is also where we, I think, are very well-positioned from an emerging market standpoint, especially with the install build in the Middle East and China. And so while we're doubling down our efforts in those areas, I certainly don't want to diminish the great work the teams have already done historically to build our base there.
Patrick K. Decker: Yes. I'll take that one. I would say it's largely timing of spend within the quarter. It certainly is not a trend line that we're focusing to continue. If anything, over time, we'll be marginally increasing the amount of investment we spend in R&D. There is also the opportunity we've been driving here to be more efficient and effective in our R&D spend. So as we again further move to localize more and more of our R&D investment in some of the emerging markets, that's a more efficient spend that we're going to get because that will be able to support not only those local markets but also some of our global activity. So it will be a mixed bag going forward, but I wouldn't read anything into the modest decline in the quarter.
Patrick K. Decker: I think we've also been pleased. We've seen our win rate improve in the treatment business as well, which is a leading indicator for the rest of the business. It's gone now from 40%, up to 45%, driven by a number of factors, but it's pretty encouraging sign for us.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. I'll take the first part of that and maybe let Mike comment on the second piece. I mean, we're very pleased with what we've seen in terms of the collaboration that our new sales tools drive. I think the benefits are in a few areas. One is it does make it easier for our commercial teams to get visibility as to sharing leads across the portfolio. As you've known for a while, we -- oftentimes, our businesses have served the same customers, but we haven't always glanced at those customers in a coordinated fashion. So the salesforce.com tool is certainly helping in that regard. I think it's also getting us more visibility to projects that are out there. So the combination of better visibility and improving our win rate is obviously a powerful combination. I think ultimately, over time, this is also about simplifying the lives of our sales teams and taking a lot of the administrative burden off of them. We are in the very, very early innings of that. So that's all opportunity in front of us to allow them to be able to spend even more time out in the field in front of customers. In terms of again rolling out new products, our vitality index is roughly around 20%. And that dipped down a little bit in the first quarter just by way of mix, but we do feel good about a number of the new products that we have that we've already rolled out and some others that we're going to be announcing here over the coming few months. And if you might add, Mike, on the...
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, Brian. I mean, again, I -- we certainly announced that there remains a couple of hundred points of opportunity as a percent of revenue to reduce cost. You see that most notably in our G&A line, but there's also costs that are hidden within our gross margin infrastructure. I would say we're taking a very strategic approach, rather -- that's far more proactive rather than reactive, and it's actually tied in to our overall broader strategy. We will be sharing more details on what that plan would be as part of a multi-year, multi-faceted approach later this year at our Investor Day.
Patrick K. Decker: Still reins open. We'll have more to share. We're in the late stages of developing those plans. As you saw, we announced a few months ago, we appointed Tony Milando as our Head of CI and Business Transformation. So Tony's working very closely with Mike, myself and the leadership team to finalize those plans.
Patrick K. Decker: Great. Well, thanks again, everyone. Once again, as I said earlier, it's very early in the year, but I do feel that we're off to a very solid start. And I look forward to our next call in late July, where we will be updating you on our progress. So in the meantime, thank you again, and safe travel to everyone.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, Deane, this is Mike. I think from an Applied Water -- and I'd made a couple of comments in my prepared remarks. We had order growth in the fourth quarter about 9%, and we think that the performance in the first quarter is just indicative that a lot of folks, given some of the promotional programs and things that are under way probably did quite a bit of restocking, ordering back in the fourth quarter. And so as we look at what the projection for the balance of the year is, as it relates to Applied Water, we don't see anything from an end market standpoint that says we're going to see anything play out any different. It looks like the commercial market is in a recovery mode. The Architectural Billing Index, specifically around institutional, has remained above 50 now for some time, and so we think that's driving some of the advanced ordering that we saw in the latter part of last year.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So Deane, it's -- we have obviously some oil and gas exposure in our Applied Water business, but the predominant exposure really comes out of our dewatering business where we're working on the frac pads for whether it's oil or gas, which is a pretty even blend between the 2. That business was down about 25% in the first quarter, and based on our current projections, we anticipate being down around 40% for the balance of year. We've taken some of that into consideration as we had worked through guidance, but we've obviously made sure that the teams are working the actions that they need to do to try and offset that risk. I think the good news is our dewatering business had such a broad portfolio in terms of exposure to construction, muni bypass disaster recovery that we've got the ability to mobilize and redeploy assets, and that's a lot of what the team is really focused on right now.
Michael T. Speetzen: No. This would not be related to the Zenon membrane. This is around our Leopold gravity filtration business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So we -- for the quarter, pricing was essentially flat for us overall, but it's a tale of old segments. So the reality is in our Water Infrastructure segment, and we talked about this last year, we were undertaking quite a bit of activity to really boost our ability to get price in that segment. And we started to see traction. We started to see that in the fourth quarter. We've seen it again in the first quarter, where we got about 40 basis points. So it's not earth-shattering, but it's good progress. I think the area where we're seeing certainly a lot more pressure, and I don't think we're alone in this in terms of the commentary we've heard from many of our peers and competitors, we had close to 90 basis points where the headwind in the Applied Water segment. That market's very competitive. Given some of the dynamics around the end markets and the weather conditions, we've seen that amplify. I would say that it's remaining at this point disciplined, but it is an area that we're keeping a close eye on and obviously, the teams are very actively working countermeasures. As you think about the full year guidance, we talked about expecting price that would be somewhere less than 50 basis points. There's a chance that could be pressured, but it's early in the year, and we're going to be pushing the teams to do what they can to offset it and quite frankly making sure that we're hitting the right value proposition out there to get the price that we think we're entitled to, given the products that we have.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes, we actually had our most difficult comp in the first quarter, where we had 18% growth last year. And as we indicated in our initial guidance and obviously what we've reiterated today, we expect strong growth in the emerging markets, high single digits. We just don't anticipate it being at the level that we recognized last year, where we were up about 13%. So we've kind of lapped the most difficult compare, but obviously, there's dynamics going on in China around the commercial markets and so we think the guidance level that we've put out there is pretty consistent with what we experienced in the first quarter and is driving quite a bit of the growth for the company.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So I'd say it's a couple of things. One, within the segment that shown about [ph] oil and gas dewatering, as I mentioned earlier, even though we are facing significant headwind from that particular vertical, that business serves a variety of other end markets that we do see continued strength in. So I think from a dewatering standpoint, we certainly have the diversity of the portfolio. From a more broad-based industrial perspective, I would say the geographic and ultimate end market breadth that we have. So if you remember some of the charts we've displayed in the past, our industrial segment is very diverse in terms of general industrial, food and beverage, construction, et cetera. And so we think by that diversity, that's given us a little bit of insulation relative to the low single-digit growth rate that we're expecting for the year.
Michael T. Speetzen: And, David, there is also some foreign exchange translation tied up in this. If you remember, we have overweight in terms of our engineering that's outside of the U.S., in areas like Stockholm, where we're benefiting from a translation standpoint. Even if we pull that out, we are down, so the comments that Patrick highlighted absolutely apply, but it's being amplified by foreign exchange rate now.
Michael T. Speetzen: Sure. I think from a margin standpoint, certainly the continued effort and focus that we have across the business on making sure that we're driving the lean and the global sourcing productivity. And I would say for Water Infrastructure, you don't see all of the margin leverage come through because as we indicated, as we're growing in emerging markets, which for that segment, we're up 10%, while there are attractive margins, they're obviously at a lower rate because it's primarily OEM business versus having the after-market content. We are getting that volume leverage off of the growth within the platform and so that's obviously aiding to the margin profile.
Michael T. Speetzen: And then -- yes, so the backlog for Water Infrastructure, so orders were up 4%. The backlogs, it one of the strongest levels we've had. As I indicated in some of my remarks, when you look at our shipments for 2016 and beyond, we are up over 50% and so we're continuing to see the strength. Our treatment business was up about 13% from an order standpoint and that was pretty evenly spread across the globe. So at this point, we're not calling a full-on municipal recovery, but we are certainly seeing a continued growth and order strength for that business, not only in treatment, but also in our large transport business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So we actually took a snapshot of that and continued to look at it. And it supports the gross margin level that we have that's just shy of 40%. Because at the same time that we are obviously winning in the emerging markets with margin that may be a little bit lower than the average, we also have some of our higher-margin business coming through in that backlog as well. So overall, the blend is in supportive of the outlook we have for the year.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So I think, when we look at things like the ecocirc that I talked about in my prepared remarks, we obviously are taking share in the European markets. And as we look at having a tool that enables, as Patrick said, our sales force to be able to communicate opportunities and execute on those, we think that, coupled with the energy-efficient proposition that we have in our products or that we're developing for our products, and given the climate we're dealing with with our customers in terms of trying to reduce costs, we think that's going to give us a very strong platform. As we've talked in the past, being able to outperform the market by 1 point or 2, that's going to be a key part of that equation.
Michael T. Speetzen: I don't think so. I mean, it's 13% of our revenue today. And when I think about the growth potential that we have, say, in industrial and even public utility growing at a moderate rate, it's going to be tough for it to surpass that. I mean, we had 9% growth in the first quarter, but as I indicated in my comments, we think that's going to moderate to kind of low to mid-single digits. Some of that is being driven by advanced stocking. But it is going to be a great part of the portfolio for sustained growth as that market continues through over the next several years.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. I mean, at this stage, we're calling it less than 2%. So relative to last year, we actually saw the starting decrement towards the end of last year. But relative to last year, it's actually a net benefit for us. It's also -- there's also a sizable component of wage inflation in it as well that needs to be addressed. And I think Patrick's comments earlier around the strategic sourcing organization, I mean, we are really driving hard to continue what we've already had a strong performance to more than offset that. So back to the earlier point, even if we do start to see some of the price downward pressure coupled with inflation, we're still confident that we can drive margin expansion in that environment.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So one of the items is actually where you started, which is the restructuring. So we ended up picking up about $6 million in first quarter, we'll probably get another $5 million in the second quarter. And then the balance of the $20 million is going to end up showing in the second half. So you're going to have elements of that as well as just the mix of the portfolio in the second half and our continued focus around making sure that we've got the discipline around sourcing and the lean deployment within the business.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. So our dewatering business overall for the quarter was flat, and it was primarily obviously driven down by the performance in the oil and gas. So the balance of the portfolio was probably up around 4%, 5%.
Michael T. Speetzen: Yes. It's on the Canada side, it is driven by oil and gas. We had a big distribution order last year that went into that particular segment. So we do anticipate having headwind through the rest of the year, but it was overtly pronounced in the first quarter. And as it relates to Europe, I mean at this stage, I would say things are progressing. I don't know that we're in a position right now to make a call other than what we've talked about the year being flat.
