Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. As I've said earlier, we're well-positioned heading into 2017 to continue to make significant progress on our long-term financial targets. Transformative changes we made at Xylem over this past year have shifted our portfolio towards advanced technologies and repositioned our future growth and earnings profile. As we move through 2017, we expect our 2016 acquisitions to help accelerate our revenue growth. On a pro forma basis, we anticipate organic growth of 2% to 4%. This includes organic growth from the base Xylem businesses of 1% to 3%, and Sensus organic growth of 6% to 7%. We expect generally stable conditions across the majority of our portfolio, albeit mixed geographically. I'll cover our end market outlook for 2017 in a few minutes. As we drive our continuous improvement work deeper into the organization, we expect our lean and global procurement initiatives to generate incremental gross savings of approximately $80 million. Our adjusted operating margin is expected to grow in the range of 20 basis points to 60 basis points, excluding roughly 60 basis points of margin dilution from acquisitions. This dilution is largely driven by purchase price accounting impacts, relating to non-cash intangible amortization. We anticipate generating earnings per share of $2.20 to $2.35, which excludes integration, restructuring and realignment cost of about $30 million. This projection also includes $0.08 of negative foreign currency translation impact. Excluding foreign exchange impact, EPS growth is expected to be in the range of 12% to 20%. Finally, the Sensus acquisition adds a tremendous cash generating business to our portfolio. As we maintain our disciplined approach to capital deployment and continue to improve our working capital, I expect us to deliver free cash flow conversion of at least 110% this year. This also contemplates expected capital expenditures in the range of $190 million to $200 million, which is in line with historical spend of the combined businesses. Please turn to slide 11, and I'll walk you through our end market assumptions for 2017. Now, please note that our commentary and growth estimates on this slide reflect organic revenue for our base Xylem businesses. Public utility was 36% of total 2016 revenue. Following a year during which we delivered 8% growth in this end market, we are expecting 2017 organic growth to moderate, but still grow low to mid-single-digits. In the U.S., which represents approximately one quarter of our public utility base, we will have a tough comparison given the exceptional 17% growth we delivered in 2016. As a result, we believe growth in this region will be in the low to mid-single-digit range. In emerging markets, we expect large project activity to drive mid to high-single-digit growth, particularly in China and India. And in Europe, we anticipate low-single-digit growth, largely driven by strength in the UK. Our industrial end market, represents 44% of total 2016 revenue. In 2017, we expect full-year organic revenue to be flat to up low-single-digits. We believe the soft market conditions in general industrial, that occurred in the U.S. during 2016, will carry into at least the first half of 2017, with modest growth returning over the second half. We continue to assume that the oil and gas markets will be down modestly year-over-year, despite some pockets of uptick in activity. We expect emerging market performance to be mixed with some strength in China and Latin America, offset by continued weakness in the Middle East. Moving to commercial. Here, we consistently saw a low-single-digit growth throughout 2016. We expect this level of growth to continue into 2017. Market data and input from our customers and channel partners suggest a low growth environment in the U.S., where we have a leading market position in more than half of our total commercial exposure. Beyond the U.S. the global outlook is mixed. We believe, Europe will be closer to flat with lower construction activity and funding uncertainty in certain countries. Also, our business in Europe, faces a tough prior-year comparison of 10% growth. China appears to be stabilizing, and we expect our business there to grow in 2017, after a weak performance last year. In residential, we also project full-year revenue to be flat to up low-single-digits. In the U.S., we expect a flattish environment, given the competitive landscape and replacement nature of the sector we serve. The European market looks to be modestly stronger, as residential building permits increase. Now, please turn to slide 12, and Mark will walk you through more details on the outlook.
Patrick K. Decker: Thanks, Mark. So overall, I'm pleased with our team's strong execution in a still-challenging global market. Looking ahead, we expect our acquired businesses to be catalysts for accelerating our revenue, profitability and earnings growth. That, coupled with our ongoing commitment to continuous improvement and business simplification efforts, positions us well for outperformance in 2017. Now, operator, we can open it up to questions.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Absolutely. Thanks, Deane. So, yeah, talking first on U.S. water utility sector. So we do very much believe that we continue to be in the midst of a multi-year kind of bull run there, Deane, and I think the – what you're seeing here in terms of the softness in Q4 was really driven by Europe, not so much the U.S. Our guide in Q1 really is being driven by the tough comp we have versus the first quarter last year where we had exceptionally strong growth we had, that was really driven by, as you'll recall an unseasonably warm weather in Q1, so we had a lot of pull-ins from Q2 to Q1, so that's just strictly a tough comp that we're seeing in the U.S. piece. In terms of visibility that we've got as we alluded to in our comments, the bidding, the big pipeline funnel continues to grow double-digits in the treatment business, which is the leading indicator for the health of the water utility sector. And so, again, my confidence is very strong there that we will see strength over the course of this year, as well as future years. In terms of the Trump policies, I would say, let me take the opportunity to maybe touch on a few different policy agenda items that are out there, leading first with infrastructure spend. We certainly believe that it could be a significant catalyst in terms of spending in the water sector. Obviously, questions remain on timing, and as well as the funding. We also think that there has been a little bit of uncertainty in terms of projects that are already shovel-ready as to whether the funding was going to happen at a local level, at a state level or federal level, and that's led to a little bit of a – a little bit of softness here in the short-term. But all indications that we get from other E&C companies that have reported as well is, they too are speaking fairly bullish about infrastructure spend here in the U.S. and they're seeing it in their bidding pipeline. The secondary would be around tax reform. I know that there are a number of investors that probably assume that we may not benefit that much from any lower U.S. tax rates. But actually, our efficient tax rate is really driven by our European supply chain and tax-efficient structure there. Especially with the Sensus acquisition, we've got a sizable U.S. tax base here, and we would certainly benefit from any lowering of rates in the U.S. And then third is, discussions around any impact on cross-border tax given that we import a fair amount of our products here in the U.S. The reality is, if you look at Water Infrastructure, while we are a net importer of products there, the reality is, most, if not all of our competitors are also global players that import as well. And then for our Applied Water business and our Sensus business, most of those businesses are U.S., and they are actually supplied out of our factories for the most part here in the U.S. And so, we really don't think that's going to have any meaningful impact on us. So I thought, I'd take the opportunity, Deane, to go beyond just the one item from the top administration, but cover maybe three or four areas.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, the UK was up high-single-digits in the quarter, and we would expect them to continue to grow at similar rates here in 2017 as we are really hitting the sweet spot of the AMP Cycle in the UK. The softness there in the quarter, and what we're seeing in Q1, is really some slowdown in – we normally see a stand out of muni budgets there in a couple of key markets that we didn't see in the fourth quarter, and we're simply being cautious about that in Q1. And to your point, Deane, everything we seen in here does lead us to believe that it's specifically related to France and Spain, and that's certainly is related to some uncertainty around the upcoming elections, but we did that temporary.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, this is Patrick. So I would split it into really two pieces of the industrial sector. In the light industrial sector that actually is more of a replacement business for us, and so we tend to be selling more into OpEx budgets. And so historically, that business has grown in kind of the low-single-digits kind of tied to GDP. That's why we were caught off guard a bit in the fourth quarter with unexpected some slowdown there in the U.S., and we do expect that to recover, but I think we're trying to be – we're trying to be modest and conservative certainly here in the first half of the year as to expectations. So we're obviously curious to see how Q1 and Q2 play out here, and we would expect some normal recovery there. The other piece of the industrial exposure for us, albeit less, is clearly in the energy sector, more the heavy industrial piece, we're less exposed there. But the reason you hear us calling that out is simply because of the fact that it impacts our dewatering business for the most part, which is a high-margin business. It's hard for us to gauge whether we're being conservative on our guide here, but we've seen this softness now for a number of quarters, and we simply think it's prudent to continue to build that into our outlook at least for the first half of the year. So we're hopeful as others are that there will be a market recovery over the course of the year, but we're certainly not banking on that in our guidance range.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, no problem at all, Nathan. So first, I would say, just to restate some of the things we've said here. First quarter really is driven predominantly by a tough comp versus last year, because again, we had unseasonably warm weather, we had a really strong Q1 last year as you recall, and so that's being predominantly driven by a tough comp there, as well as the impact in Q1 of the slowdown in orders that we saw in Q2 and Q3 of last year, which are now working – that's working its way through our funnel, and that will work its way out in the first half of this year. But then, we did actually see an uptick in infrastructure orders, for both Q3 and Q4. Now, some of those have some longer lead times, which by definition, would ship out in the second half of the year, in early 2018, but we expect to see the benefits of that uptick in orders that we talked about here in the fourth quarter for Water Infrastructure, up 3%. And then, I would say, we also, as you point out, we do have an easier comp in the second half year-over-year because of some of the slowdown in organic growth that we saw in Q3 and Q4. In terms of how it splits quarter-by-quarter, think of roughly as down 1% to 2% in Q1, basically flat, flattish in Q2, up 1% to 2% in Q3, and up a little bit more than that in Q4, as I'm talking about the base legacy Xylem business, that excludes the impact, of course, of Sensus.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure, yeah. So we do have – we do lag, to a small extent, recoveries in rig counts, and that typically, from our experience, would be at least a couple of quarter lag that we would see there, and that's just the nature of our customer base, and to some extent our indirect channel in terms of nervousness they would have around opening up the covers in terms of buying more rental fleet, et cetera. Part of it's also with some overhang in terms of them having adequate rental fleet to meet their demand as we sit here today. But, that's certainly – that pressure will certainly return to them as the market recovers. And we are seeing – we are seeing pockets of uptick in activity, and we're encouraged by that. But, we just again, right now, think it's prudent for us to not be building in and assumed recovery in that business until we have a quarter or two of actually having seen it in our results.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah, I mean we're – we're obviously, we don't take it for granted, so we're always looking over our shoulders, so we're always paranoid obviously around how do we stay ahead of the market in these areas, but I would say, first of all, we've got arguably one of the strongest channels to market in the U.S. both in terms of geographical coverage, but also the strength of our channel partners there, as well as our direct sales team. And I think about the service component that we're able to offer relative to some of our competitors' offerings, clearly when you've got a rising tide of an end market like we have in public utility, whoever has a lead market share position is typically going to grow disproportionate to the rest of the market, we're certainly benefiting from that. But I would say, at the end of the day, it really comes down to the quality of our product offerings, coupled with the service, and so we've had some recent product launches, our new Concertor launch, which is being extremely well received by the marketplace, as well as some of the additional service offering that we built around that. And I would say lastly, although it's always hard to hang your hat on this, but we've put a lot of effort in our sales team, in leveraging our Salesforce.com investment, which has really helped in terms of lead generation, and substantially increasing our funnel and pipeline of bidding opportunities. So there's a number of things, Nathan, that go into this, I wouldn't point to any one or two things, but those would be the top three or four.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, Joe. And on the synergies from a revenue standpoint, I would step back first of all and re-summarize where we think the big ticket areas of opportunities are, I mean, first there is a funnel of a number of large multi-year contracts that Sensus was already pursuing before this partnership with utilities that we already have a good relationship with, that we can help there from a Xylem perspective or that on a combined basis now, the strength of our offering will help us succeed in some of those bids. Secondly, it's in the area of the wastewater side, where we're able to leverage their metrology in terms of their FlexNet system as well as their data analytics and data science capabilities to provide offerings to a number of customers that we already have in common in the water utility space, but also to be able to go after new customers with a test and improvement offer. Now, there's lead times involved in doing the engineering and technical work around that, so that's why we don't expect to see meaningful revenue synergies in 2017. And we don't have any of that baked into our guidance, although we're certainly going to drive like hell to deliver some, the bottom line is, we don't have that in our guidance. And then the third area is, to your point, when we look at the opportunities to now leverage Sensus' capabilities in the clean water network side, we get other parts of our Applied Water business as well as our dewatering and outdoor analytic space, where we believe, we're going to be able to leverage their data analytics and data science and Software-as-a-Service capability to be able to connect our own devices, whether it'd be in the industrial space, whether it'd be in commercial buildings. But again, those are longer lead times, we'll have a lot more to say about the nature of those opportunities and the size, in Investor Day in April. And then lastly, we haven't even talked about Visenti yet, and we'll hold that until Investor Day, because I think, people will get very excited about what capabilities they bring to the party here as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I certainly, on the divestiture front, I wouldn't ever rule out anything long-term, but I'd say today, as we sit here, I wouldn't expect anything of significant size and scale. Looking at our portfolio and just doing good disciplined portfolio management, whether it'd be where we allocate capital, but also which ones we're wanting to (58:48) be a part of, it's something we look at on a regular basis, and again, if there was anything there of meaning, we would certainly share that at Investor Day, but we don't envision anything of significant size and scale as we sit here today.
Patrick K. Decker: Mike, I'm in your camp on this based on the very reasons that you laid out. We've not seen it widespread, but we have seen it in pockets where there are projects that are in the hopper that we have seen some slowness in, in terms of – and we believe it is because of people looking to see well, does it need to be funded locally within our own budgets, or is there going to be state or federal funding that comes forward. What's encouraging about that is the fact that, we are seeing, and you're probably seeing and hearing from other E&Cs in the space that they're seeing upticks in their quoting activity, and so the work is absolutely out there, and we do believe that we've hit a little bit of a softness here for a couple of quarters, and the question is, when do those things come forward. And so, that's certainly my perspective, now. Phil's been around here for a long-time, and he can certainly give his perspective specifically on what we've seen historically within the Xylem businesses.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. It's predominantly coming from institutional areas. So, again, we kind of throw that in terms of hospitals, universities, kind of government spend in that space. And so, that's the first piece, as it relates to the U.S. I would say, the other piece that we're seeing, a pretty strong rebound at this point in time, is within a few of the emerging markets, most notably China bouncing back. China had been on its back year in terms of our commercial building exposure through 2016, and we really saw that turn in the fourth quarter, and we expect that to continue through 2017, and we're seeing a tremendous growth in India from the whole Smart Cities focus as well.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah, I'd say two things. One, we do see a very rich pipeline and funnel there right now and are actively bidding on projects of similar size. And so, hopefully we'll bag some of that this year. That would not help this year, that would be a 2018 kind of benefit, but we've got very good line of sight to our outlook for 2017, given these are large projects. I would say that, with the focus of Prime Minister Modi on both Infrastructure and Smart Cities, we see that run continuing for quite some time. Having said that, what we're also doing right now, especially as we have ramped up our manufacturing capabilities there as well as our R&D and Technical Center, we're trying to help our teams there, focus is much on building the day-to-day recurring base there and all the aftermarket service that comes with it to make sure that once we get through the next few years of large projects, that we got a really established, a really attractive and established base business there that recurs.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. So let me, kind of walk you through it again. So it would be down 1% to 2% in Q1, and it'd flattish to up low-single-digits in Q2. And then, it would be up somewhere in the low-single-digit kind of 2% to 4% in Q3 and Q4.
Patrick K. Decker: That's correct, and that's really being driven by easier compares, and the uptick in orders here the last couple of quarter is infrastructure.
Patrick K. Decker: Yeah. I'm quite confident on our ability to get there. I think, obviously, we have visibility to Q1, I think, we got a good visibility to Q2, given the project mix that we've got, and what has been happening in backlog, and we'll begin to benefit, to some extent, from the order uptick and Water Infrastructure in Q3 and Q4. And then, as you look at Q3 and Q4 of 2017, a combination of easier compares as well as just an overall kind of history around the dewatering business and kind of some of the opportunities we see there as we lack those type of compares. So we're – we think there's quite high confidence in our ability to get to these numbers for full year.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. Yeah, Rob, but I'll take that one. So yeah, we've got very good line of sight to the planned strategic investments, and as we've done over the course of last few years that I've been here, I mean, we will throttle those as responsibly as we need to be depending upon where the top line is coming in. And so, we've got good line of sight and discipline around that. At the same time, I would say, there's still a lot of self-help margin expansion opportunity here. And so, we do think there is tremendous opportunities on both the – both productivity from procurement as well as Lean Six Sigma, as well as trying to overdrive the cost synergies associated with the Sensus partnership here together. So I mean, the combination of margin expansion opportunities just by good old fashion operating discipline that we're continuing to drive, coupled with line of sight to throttle our investments appropriately, gives us confidence that we will – we'll deliver on this margin expansion.
Patrick K. Decker: Sure. So again, I mean, thanks everybody for joining, thanks for your continued interest and commitment. Safe travels in the meantime, but between now and then, we would remind you, we've got an exciting Investor Day coming up here on April 4th in just beginning of Q2. So it will be April 4th, it's going to be located at our Sensus location, just outside of Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina. It's about five miles from the Raleigh-Durham Airport. And you'll be welcome to join both presentations as well as a tour of our Innovation Center and the Sensus headquarter there. So, in the meantime, safe travels and we'll see you soon. Thanks.
E. Mark Rajkowski: This slide provides the bridge from our full-year 2016 results to our 2017 annual guidance for revenue and EPS using the midpoint of our guidance range. From our $3.8 billion revenue base, we're adding 2% of organic growth from the base Xylem business. Sensus adds approximately 21% of incremental revenue growth, bringing total expected revenues to approximately $4.6 billion or 23% year-over-year growth. Foreign exchange headwinds of 2% reduce our 2017 full-year revenue guidance to a midpoint of approximately $4.5 billion. In terms of EPS, we expect our core business to add $0.13, which reflects organic revenue growth, carryover restructuring savings and the benefits of our productivity programs partially offset by inflation, investments and a weaker mix of revenue. Sensus is expected to add an incremental $0.20 of EPS. Note that we now expect the Sensus contribution be higher than our previous guidance range of $0.10 to $0.12. This results in operational EPS performance of $2.36, up 16% year-over-year on a currency neutral basis. Based on our full-year foreign currency assumptions, which are summarized on slide 14, we expect $0.08 of currency headwinds to reduce our overall 2017 EPS guidance midpoint to $2.28 per share. Please turn to slide 13. This slide reflects our 2017 outlook for our Sensus business. This year, we expect Sensus to deliver pro forma organic revenue growth of 6% to 7% versus 10% growth in 2016. Last year, the business had a very strong year in growing both the water and electric utility sectors, significantly benefiting from a number of new product launches. This year, we expect revenue growth to be driven by mid-single-digit growth in water, a double-digit increase in the electric utility sector and another year of double-digit growth in Software-as-a-Service. We expect revenue in the gas utility sector to be flattish. EBITDA margin is forecast to be approximately 19.5% for the full year, down 80 basis points from the prior year. Benefits from volume growth and net cost synergies will be offset by growth investments. These investments will provide for the expansion of R&D capacity, and the commercial capabilities that will be critical to enabling the substantial revenue synergies we expect to generate over time, as well as growing the base Sensus business. I'd also point out that approximately 50% of the $15 million of net cost synergies from the Sensus acquisition are reflected in the base Xylem 2017 financial performance. The year-over-year operating margin decline also reflects 220 basis points of incremental depreciation and amortization from purchase accounting. Please turn to slide 14. As the team has done in prior years, we're providing the seasonal profile of our business as well as highlights of our 2017 planning assumptions. For the first quarter, we expect continued weakness in the global industrial markets, coupled with a tough prior-year public utility compare. We anticipate this will result in an organic revenue decline in the range of 1% to 2% for the base Xylem business. Acquisitions are expected to add approximately $230 million to $240 million of revenue, with the vast majority contributed by Sensus, which we expect to grow organically at 6% to 7% in the first quarter. In addition, foreign exchange translation unfavorably impacts revenue by approximately $20 million. As for our first quarter segment operating margin, we expect margins to be down 70 basis points to 110 basis points, including a 30 basis point reduction due to the non-cash amortization of Sensus intangible assets. The year-over-year operational decline is primarily attributable to lower volumes and a weaker mix of higher-margin revenue that we saw in the first quarter of last year, from very strong repair and maintenance revenues in the U.S. public utility market, and from lower dewatering revenues in 2017. At the corporate line, we expect a quarterly run rate of approximately $12 million to $13 million per quarter. Interest and other expense is anticipated to be approximately $80 million, up nearly $30 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting the impact of incremental debt issued in connection with the Sensus acquisition. Our full-year operating tax rate of 22% also reflects the mix impact of adding Sensus for the full year, and our share count assumption reflects a modest year-over-year increase. Please note that the 2017 outlook excludes approximately $30 million for anticipated integration, restructuring and realignment cost. Finally, please note the summary of our FX assumptions on this slide, which includes our euro guidance assumption at $1.04. We believe this transparency is helpful given the recent volatility in currency rates. With that now, I'll turn the call back over to Patrick for closing comments.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah. Sure, Deane. And it's really a combination of a couple of factors, and you hit on both of them. First being, working capital, we have made continued progress in the base Xylem business, and saw improvement year-over-year in terms of working capital as a percentage of sales of 70 basis points, particularly in the areas of days payable, which improved by almost 6 days, continued progress in our receivables, which were up over 2 days. We lost a little bit of ground in inventories, and that was largely a function of the slowdown in sales in the fourth quarter, but really good progress, and we expect to continue to push that in 2017. And then, the other point that you alluded to is, Sensus, and they have a very efficient model, their working capital as a percentage of sales is around 10%. And they generate a lot of cash, and that is just a structural and sustainable change in terms of the amount of cash conversion that they'll deliver as part of the combined company.
E. Mark Rajkowski: It's pretty stable. We might see a modest tick up as we execute the net cost synergies, but it's relatively stable as – I think, we've pointed out on one of the slides, what the revenue profile looks like from quarter-to-quarter. So we wouldn't expect too much variability there.
E. Mark Rajkowski: Yeah, Joe. This is Mark, let me touch on the Sensus accretion question. Primarily two areas, one as we lock down on our valuation and purchase accounting, the amount of amortization related to intangible assets was not as high as we originally expected. So that's about $0.06, and we also did a better job in terms of how we went out and financed the transaction, that was a couple of cents. And they're continuing to perform strongly and have a lot of momentum. So those are the primary reasons.
Nathan Jones: Patrick, I'm hoping you could help us bridge the gap between the down 1% to 2% first quarter, and up 2% at the midpoint for the full year.
Nathan Jones: Given that, orders have been roughly flat here, down in the fourth quarter, how does that pick-up come along, I see you've got easier comps as the year goes along, but we haven't seen slowing organic growth as we've gone through the years.
Nathan Jones: Yeah. And then, I'd like to follow-up a bit more on the heavy industrial side here. The rig count bottomed in, in the middle of the last year, we've seen that improve, there's a lot of folks out there talking about seeing improvement in the mining industry. Is there some problem with channel inventory or do you lag recovery more than, maybe, I guess, I was thinking, in that business? I'm a little – just a little bit surprised that you're not seeing or forecasting better revenue growth in those two parts of the business.
