Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Russell. With our unrivaled portfolio of assets, strong operational performance, our financial strength and focused safety culture, we believe we're well positioned to capitalize on strong and growing fundamental demand for U.S. housing. We are committed to returning a meaningful portion of our resultant cash flow back to shareholders, and our new dividend framework positions us to deliver on our commitment in a way that is sustainable and appropriate across market cycles. Looking forward, we remained focused on industry-leading performance and discipline, prudent capital allocation to sustainably grow our base dividend and drive superior long-term value for shareholders. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. A couple of things on that. First, just with respect to the timing. The general approach under the new framework is to payout the supplemental dividend annually in Q1 based on the prior year's FAD. So, that would mean, Q1 2022. That being said, could there be a situation where we would consider an interim supplemental dividend during the year? Certainly, I think that's conceivable. We wouldn't shut the door on that possibility. But again, the general view is that, that's going to be paid out on an annually -- annual basis. With respect to the 75% to 80%, really that's going to be the target. And I think the benefit of this dividend framework is that, we're going to be in a position to payout 75% to 80% of FAD really across all different market cycles. Certainly, when we're in a down market, we think we have sufficient cash flow from the Real Estate, ENR and Timberlands business to cover that. And then when we see strong commodity markets like we're seeing today, obviously, there is a lot of upside with the supplemental piece.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Anthony, we've historically talked about that in terms of housing starts. I think in retrospect, the more applicable look there is what's happening in supply and demand in each individual wood basket. And as you alluded to, some of those regions are more tension than others. And so, clearly, there are regions, say, the Atlantic Coast, North Carolina, some regions that just have a little bit more tensioning and you see a little stronger log pricing there. I do think, as we look out over the longer-term, obviously, we've seen a fair amount of sawmill capacity coming into the South over the last several years, call it, 5.5 billion, 6 billion board feet of new capacity. We've even seen a few new ones announced here just of late. I do think over the longer-term, you are going to continue to see sawmill capacity coming into the U.S. South. It's one of the best places, certainly, in North America, if not, the world to manufacturer lumber. And so, our expectation is that, over time, we'll continue to see more converting capacity come in and with each new mill that comes in, that has a tensioning effect in that particular wood basket. So, we do expect that to improve over time. I would say, obviously, housing repair and remodel activity is an important piece of that, and that it drives that in demand for lumber and other wood products. But ultimately, log prices are going to be based on the supply demand dynamic in that individual wood basket. So, I think we are optimistic that over time that will improve. I think it's just going to be slow going as each new mill comes in, and that will overall improve the supply demand dynamic over time.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, George, you don't really see much in the way of substitution between Southern yellow pine and Doug fir and that's generally just the builders have preferences with an individual species and they generally stick with that. So you don't see a lot of crossover. So the short answer to your question is really -- notwithstanding some of the pricing dynamics, you don't really see a whole lot of crossover between Doug fir and Southern yellow pine. I do think where you see a little bit more substitution is with the SPF and Southern yellow pine. And as we've seen, some of the SPF supply has come down due to the pine beetle up in Canada, I think we are seeing, in certain markets, Southern yellow pine gained market share over SPF and I would expect that would continue to be the case.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So, the level of the base quarterly dividend was really based on the cash flows that we generate across business cycles both at the business level and the Company level. And as we look to set that, we looked at the cash flow generation of each of our businesses across a variety of pricing scenarios, historical cash flows from the businesses, we looked at our Company level FAD over the last several years, and also modeled out FAD under a number of different market and pricing scenarios. And really the idea was to set the base quarterly dividend at a level that is both sustainable and supportable from our cash flow, even in a challenged market condition. And so, we expect that $0.17 per share quarterly dividend largely to be able to -- to be supported largely from the cash that we're generating from the more stable Timberlands, Real Estate and ENR business. And then, obviously, over time, we would expect to grow that base dividend as we grow our Timberlands and ENR cash flow.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And just in terms of the 75% to 80% payout ratio, it's in the general vicinity, over the last several years, it's been anywhere from 75% to 85%. And as we were thinking about reinitiating the dividend and the new framework, that's 75% to 80% is really what we believe to be an appropriate balance of returning a significant amount of cash back to shareholders, while still retaining some amount of cash to support growth in maintaining -- maintain an appropriate capital structure.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And as we think about the ways in which we're going to be returning cash to shareholders, obviously, as we said, we're going to lean toward the supplemental dividend as the primary vehicle over and above the base. But that being said, share repurchase can be a good way to return cash to shareholders under the right circumstance. So, that's something that we're going to look at on a regular basis. And to the extent that, our shares are trading at a meaningful discount and that's something that we could look at to return cash to shareholders.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I guess, a couple of comments on that, Mark. Obviously, we do have a Real Estate program where we're trying to capture the value of our HBU profile. We've done some portfolio moves over the last few years as well. But I do think it's important to remember that if you go back to 2013, Weyerhaeuser had about 6 million acres, whereas we have about 11 million acres now. And so, it's something that we're always looking at. It's an opportunity I think for us going forward to continue to deploy some of our excess cash to timberland acquisitions. We're always in the market looking for transactions to both improve and grow our timber base. And so, that's certainly something that we're going to continue to look at. We do want to make sure that we're being disciplined about it, though. Obviously, we want to make sure that we're not just doing acquisitions to grow. We're doing acquisitions that we think that can create real value. But certainly, that's something that is top of mind for us, and it's going to be something in Russell's new role that he will be even more focused on going forward.
Devin Stockfish: I want to make sure -- I'm not sure I understood your question, Mark. So, maybe can you rephrase that? I'm not sure what you're hitting out with that.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think a good way to think about that is it somewhere in the third category. So, I think, generally speaking, it's going to be similar each month over that Q4 period.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So just, I guess, a little context for the lag that you see in realizations and I'll be specific to lumber, although it's a similar dynamic in OSB, but just different supply demand dynamics. So, in lumber, generally, you're going to be pricing one to three weeks prior to shipment, which -- that's the lag effect that you see between the print and the delivered realizations. And generally speaking, the nature of the market is that, order files typically extend in hot markets and they shrink in soft markets. So, when we go back to Q3, as prices were climbing, our order files extended out several weeks and the inventories were pretty lean. As we approach peak pricing, customers start moving to the sidelines and the order files shrank down fairly quickly. And so, that lag effect that you see on the upside oftentimes is a little bit longer than what you see on the downside. And so, when you look at that, the current pricing relative to print, that's going to be based on a shorter order file that's coming down versus what it was when it was going up.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, at this point, whereas our order files were three-plus weeks as the prices were going up, they're now down to about one week -- one to two weeks.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think you can say generally across the board in all product categories, and I'll comment on each specifically. But generally speaking, the inventories in the channel are pretty lean across the board. And when you think about lumber, really the buying is mostly limited to covering immediate needs. I would say, most folks in the market are still trying to determine what lumber prices are going to shake out at and are cautious about really starting to build inventories when they're not clear on what a more stabilized pricing is going to look like. So, I would say, generally speaking, lumber inventory is pretty lean across the system. OSB also very lean, a little bit different dynamic there. Order files in OSB, at least for us, are still pretty extended out four-ish weeks. And so, there's just not a whole lot of extra inventory in the system. You've seen the OSB pricing hold up a little better. And I think that's largely just a function of order files continue to be pretty extended. EWP, similar story. Long, strong order files in EWP. And I'd say, generally, pretty minimal inventory in the channel in that product.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'd say, from a gross debt perspective -- and you're right, the ratio is a function of EBITDA as well. But from a gross debt perspective, I think we're in the ballpark of where we want to be with the actions we've taken this year and then the $150 million that we have earmarked for the 2021 maturity, that gets you in the neighborhood of $5.3 billion of gross debt, and I think that gives us adequate flexibility really through all parts of the market cycle to stay right around that 3.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There's certainly lots of talk about that and I think there are certain homebuilders that are investing in that. Frankly, some of the dealer network partners are also looking at opportunities to really help with some of the off-site manufacturing to deal with the challenges around labor. So it's something that we hear a lot about, you're seeing some of it. I don't know that we're at a point where it's really starting to make a meaningful difference yet. But there is no question that labor has been a challenge, I think, it remains a challenge. In talking to the homebuilders, it's certainly something that's still top of mind for them and they're really looking at all different avenues to try to help with that, from off-site panelization to really ramping up their programs to incent people that come into the trade. So they're really looking at that across the board, because it does still remain a challenge, I think, to get to you, what would otherwise be full building.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think there is, in the sense that, we want to make sure that we stay very close to all of our customers throughout the value chain to make sure that we're looking for opportunities, whether it's panelization, whether it's off-site manufacturing, to leverage our supply chain expertise to get them products and what they need to be successful at the right cost. So, it's something that we are focused on. We're certainly in discussions with all of our partners on how we can help them. I don't know that we're necessarily looking to get into panelized manufacturing, if that's the question. But I do think we'll look for opportunities to leverage that if it does get some momentum with our customers.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I don't think it's big enough to matter. A couple of comments on the Southern fiber markets. Obviously, we've seen some puts and takes in pulp log demand. Some segments, whether it's containerboard, boxboard, those kinds of markets, those have done okay. Printing paper, obviously, in a COVID environment has been somewhat challenged. I don't think all things considered, it's at a point now where it's going to make a meaningful difference to us one way or the other, just in what's going on in the current market conditions. I would say a couple of other comments there, going into fourth quarter for whatever it's worth, I think the log decks for most of the pulp and paper manufacturers are pretty light relative to normal. So, certainly, not significant log inventories in that market. And then the other, just piece of color there is, we did see a number of our pulp log customers defer maintenance earlier in the year when the markets were a little stronger and a lot of that ran through Q3. And so, that's a little bit of the softness that you saw as well. Those are mostly coming out of those maintenance shutdowns as we head into Q4.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I do think, particularly in the lumber side, we will grow that production over time. We've got the Dierks and the Millport mills that are up and running. I think with respect to Q3, in particular, there were a few things in the quarter, we had to take some downtime in the West due to wildfire smoke. We had downtime at some of our mills in the South with the various hurricanes coming through and power outages, some maintenance downtime, those kinds of things. But over time, our lumber production will increase and even, I'd say, on OSB around the margins just as we continue to improve on reliability across our various products, we'll see some improvement there as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We're really excited about the momentum we're seeing around cross-laminated timber, mass timber, it's certainly something that has gotten people excited across the board and we're seeing that move, frankly, faster than we had anticipated. So, we are in touch with the manufacturers of CLT. I don't know, in the near-term, we're really looking to get into manufacturing CLT. But certainly, we know how to manufacture wood products and we'll continue to look at that market down the road, maybe that makes sense. But I think in the near-term, it's really more of an opportunity for us to sell lumber and other engineered wood products into that space.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. A couple of comments on that. I guess, first, when we think about the cash flow that we generated from 2020, clearly, we have prioritized debt reduction with the cash flow that we've generated this year. We've allocated over $1 billion to debt reduction, which has been a significant percentage of our overall 2020 cash flow, which is the $400 million that we've reduced gross debt year-to-date. The $500 million we're paying down in Q4, another $150 million we've got earmarked for 2021. And so, this has really taken us to a place where we've reduced leverage, where we feel it's an appropriate level of cross-business cycles. Obviously, we have also returned $375 million of cash through the dividend payment that we made in Q1 and the fourth quarter dividend we just declared. So, on balance, that's how we allocated the cash flow from 2020. When we talk about the supplemental dividend, we talk about Q1 2022 payout. I mean, that's generally going to be the approach with the dividend framework to do that annually. But again, as we said, we're not going to be overly dogmatic there, could there be a situation where we would consider an interim supplemental dividend during 2021, even Q1? Certainly, I think that's conceivable. We wouldn't shut the door on that possibility. We're going to continue to look at that. But again, we're expecting that, on -- as a general matter, the supplemental dividend will be paid out annually in most circumstances.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think there definitely are opportunities for us through our capital expenditures program to continue to drive value through the Wood Products business. We have done, I think a remarkable job over the last four or five years with our CapEx in the Wood Products business. We've been primarily focused during that time on cost reduction. I think you've seen that shown up in our relative performance. In that business, we've reached the point of being black at the bottom. We did have some come along volume that came through those programs to date as I mentioned with Dierks and with Millport. We've got a number of additional projects in the queue that we think can return very good returns, continue to ensure that we have a very cost-effective, efficient mill set and in that, will be some opportunities for increased lumber capacity and production as well. So, this is something I think is really -- it's a great opportunity for us and we'll continue to look at that. I would expect us to provide more guidance on 2021 CapEx on our next earnings call.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, just a little context around that. So, for us, we had about 125,000 acres that were impacted to some extent. What I would say is, when you think about each individual acre, they were impacted depending on topography, age class, the rate of spread, species. So, it's variable the extent of the damage. But what I would say is, at a high-level, at least based on our early work in the salvage operations, we think we're going to be able to capture the vast majority of value on our merchantable timber. So, in other words, as we have gone in, even on the acres that had relatively severe burn, we are still able to capture the value of the fiber, the bark has done its job and protected the underlying fiber. So, we do think the good news there -- obviously, it's never a good news when you have a big fire like this, but the good news is, we think we're going to be able to capture most of the value on that merchantable timber over the next, call it, 12 months to 18 months.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. As a practical matter, there is really no economically feasible way to buy insurance on significant acreage of timberland. And so, for us, the way we mitigate fire risk is, we have a diverse area of timberland coverage across various regions. We are very active in our work around fire management, working with other landowners in the state to make sure to the greatest extent possible that we're protecting our lands. But there is going to be some risk, that's the nature of the business, and it's really not something that you can [uncover] -- that you can cover through insurance.
Devin Stockfish: Well, it was just a -- it was a situation -- this is the worst fire situation we've had in decades, and it was just a situation where the humidity dropped really low. We had a period of no rain. So, it was very dry. You had fire start-up and then you had the significant wind, and when all of those things happen together, it can get bad quickly as we saw this year. But, look, we're not -- it's not anything new dealing with fires. It's something that we see in the West every year. Most years, we have very minimal damage and impact. This was just a tough year.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thank you. And thanks to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe and healthy, everyone.
