Devin Stockfish: Thank you, Russell. Looking forward, we anticipate modest year-over-year U.S. housing growth and expect that building activity will accelerate as we move into spring and summer with improved weather and continued macroeconomic stability. We remain focused on delivering operational excellence and industry-leading performance to fully capitalize on a wide range of market conditions and drive superior value for our shareholders. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure, Mark. Well, so it's -- I'd say for lumber and OSB, the inventories through the channel are probably a little on the full side. And so I think as we saw the building activity be -- start off the year a little slower than we had expected, you did see inventory levels build up a little bit. Our view is that as we see the construction activity really start picking up, that's going to flush through probably a little bit quicker on the lumber side than the OSB side just because we did see a little bit more supply coming online at the end of 2018 and 2019. On the EWP side, I'd say probably inventory levels are at reasonable levels. And some of the customers may be even keeping a little bit lower inventories than normal. But I'd say on balance in EWP, it's probably about normal for this time of the year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So Mark, I can't really comment on what our competitor is doing other than just to note, obviously, we've seen the announcements, as you have, on some of the curtailments and closures in those regions. For us, the way we've been really approaching our business in general is that we're really focused on OpEx and getting our cost structure in place so that we can be cash flow positive or breakeven even under these types of pricing environments. And so that's generally where we sit at this point.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So on your first question, in lumber, we're -- our operating rates for Q1 were in the low 90s. In OSB, they're in the mid-90s and EOP, they were in the kind of low 80s for operating rates. With respect to OSB, my sense is that it's going to take a little time for us to have the demand catch up with the supply with the new mills coming online and really getting up full. There's probably going to be a little bit more inventory in the system this year until we catch up from a demand perspective. Now that being said, I do think if we see the continued housing construction activity build into the spring and summer season and demand gets back up to where we think it ultimately will be, that should come back into balance over the course of the year and into 2020.
Devin Stockfish: I think the answer to that is really no. Obviously, we got some benefit across all of Wood Products, including EWP, from lower log and fiber costs. And so we would expect that to continue really into Q2 on some extent. And then the other piece is just improved unit manufacturing costs, and we are hyper-focused on that with our OpEx initiatives. And so not only do we think that, that will carry over, we would expect that to even improve over the course of the year as we continue to focus on operating costs across the system.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take the first one and then Russell can take the second one. Just in terms of the quarter-over-quarter, really, on the Timberlands segment basis, it's really a couple of things. It's about half of that relates to the ordinary cost increases that you see in Q2. So we build more roads, we have higher forestry expenses, we did defer a little bit of silviculture in Q1 that's going to get pushed to Q2. So that's about half of it. The other half is really just around timing of vessel shipments. And so we had a couple of ships that ordinarily, we are -- going into the quarter, we thought would ship out in Q2. They moved up a little bit into Q1. So that's the other piece. And then the last piece, which is a smaller piece of the puzzle is just, as you know, in the northern business, we go through spring breakup and so you see the volumes come down. And so that's really the driver of Q2 versus Q1.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And so really, when we're talking about the more affordable price points, that's really in the single-family space, so it's not a comment on mix from single to multis. I think it's really -- it's a host -- a whole host of things, Anthony. It's maybe smaller footprints in some geographies, it's different amenity packages, all the things that they can do to really meet that lower price point where a lot of the demand is. And so we are seeing some of that. You saw some of that, I think, on our earnings calls for various homebuilders. And certainly, that's what we're hearing out in the market. In terms of overall wood demand, my view is it's much better for us to the extent that the builders can make more houses, even if they're a little bit smaller. On aggregate, that's better for wood demand.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. With respect to the WTO decision, I think from a U.S. perspective, it was moderately positive. But again, just kind of stepping back, our view now is really that this is something that's going to play through the various channels of appeals through WTO and NAFTA over a course of several years. I think we're still early in that process. But at some point, I assume that we will come to some sort of agreement, which we believe should be quota-based. But I think we're still a ways off from that. In terms of the China agreement, obviously, there's a delegation going over to China early in May. We're optimistic that they're going to make continued progress there. I think on balance, the feeling with our customers is probably more optimistic and positive than it was a few months ago. But it's really hard to tell exactly how those talks are coming along. We're optimistic that it will get resolved at some point. And I think importantly, we're really well positioned if and when those tariffs do come off to reaccelerate the growth out of our Southern business. And I think in the West, it's really not had a big impact on us out of our Western export business, which is the 5% tariff. But that being said, we certainly would like to see that go away so we can get back to a completely normalized environment.
Devin Stockfish: Well, so just a couple of additional comments there. On a Q2 versus Q1 basis, we do think that Wood Products is going to be higher EBITDA. And that's -- even putting pricing aside, it's largely a reflection on continued improved operating rates and continued focus on costs. And so that in and of itself, we think, is going to be the driver. Pricing will just be an upside to that. And then again, the other piece just on Timberlands, as we said, that's going to be down versus Q1, but that's primarily just a reflection on timing and some seasonal cost.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And so we absolutely saw a healthy increase in pricing. And I'll tell you, I think the majority of that is due to weather. We had a really, really wet Q1 and that kept inventory levels low. It kept supply levels moderated, and so that was really reflected in the pricing that you saw. That being said, I do think we are starting to see some of those pockets that we've been talking about for years really start the tension where we have the new capacity coming online and running full. And certainly, we've seen that in areas of Central Mississippi, some areas in Arkansas, a few geographies in Alabama and most recently in Northern Louisiana. And so as we said, when that new mill capacity comes online and gets up and running full in that geography, that micro region, we are seeing some pricing tension. So on balance, I think the price increase was largely driven by weather, but we are starting to see the early signs of some tensioning in some of those micro markets.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So let me just start off with a few comments on cash flow and then I'll move to the dividend. As you think about our FAD for 2019, a few things to keep in mind. So first, as Russell alluded to earlier, Q1 is typically our lowest quarter from an operating cash flow perspective, largely because of inventory build, et cetera. That generally will work itself out over the course of the year as it typically does. And so I don't think you should look at Q1 cash flow really and annualize that. That wouldn't be a typical way to do it. The second point that I would make is we are expecting minimal cash taxes this year because of, as Russell mentioned, just the pension transactions that will substantially reduce the cash taxes this year. But the other thing I would say is we're still optimistic that you're going to see some upward pricing pressure on commodity prices. As you see that construction activity really start to take hold, as we get into the spring, I think we're seeing early signs of that now. We do think you're going to see some upward pricing pressure as well. So we're still optimistic at this point in the year that we're going to have a healthy cash flow for the full year. Now that all being said, with respect to the dividend, as we said repeatedly, one of our core priorities around capital allocation is the sustainable dividend that grows over time. And so when we set the dividend at 85% of FAD, we really look at that over a cycle. And so we understand in commodity businesses, in cyclical businesses, sometimes, you're going to be a little bit above that, sometimes you're going to be a little below. And in those instances where we're over 100%, we don't look at that as a cause for panic. We've got levers that we can pull. There are some opportunities around CapEx. As we said, our sustaining maintenance CapEx in Wood Products is around $150 million to $200 million, and so there's some flexibility around that. There's still some things we can do around cost. As you know, we're very focused on OpEx and continuing to take costs out of the system. And then ultimately, we have a lot of liquidity. We have a strong balance sheet and so that gives us some flexibility. And so just with respect to the dividend and cash flow for the year, I think we are going to see some upward pressure on pricing, which will give us a little bit more flexibility there. But we have plenty of tools and levers that we can pull ultimately to make sure that we're continuing to meet our core capital allocation priorities.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. So I would just comment, with respect to OSB, we did say that we're expecting to be higher in Q2. That's really a pretty small percentage relative to Q1. We were operating well in OSB, in the mid-90s already in OSB, so not a lot of uptick. The bigger uptick really is around EWP and a little bit Lumber as well. And I guess just with respect to your question around philosophy, a big part of how we look at our strategy is making sure that we have a really low cost structure so that we can continue to make money and drive cash flow regardless of pricing. And so it may make sense for us to run where it may not make sense for others to run. But again, it's a big part of our OpEx program being black at the bottom and are focused on having the right cost structure.
Devin Stockfish: Having a lower cost structure so that we can continue to run profitably even at lower product pricing.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And what I would say on the pricing is a big piece of that was -- well, that was primarily mix. Just in context of pricing generally, there is a little bit of pricing headwind out in the market right now. But as we look forward, we're anticipating holding onto the price increases that we put into place and captured last year.
Devin Stockfish: I'd be hard-pressed to really try to call a bottom. What I would say is that as we see the construction activity pick up, we would anticipate that would start to drive some of the inventories down. And as we get further into the year, as long as you see that construction activity hold up, align -- along the lines of what we think is going to happen, we do think ultimately, you'll start seeing some upward pricing pressure on OSB. That's just a little bit tougher to call because that supply comes on and off in a more lumpy fashion maybe than Lumber does. And so we think directionally, ultimately, it's going to go up, but the timing is always a challenge.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. What I would say is we've seen freight costs generally moderate in Q1 relative to last year. And part of that obviously is fuel prices. But I don't think, at this point, we're really anticipating a meaningful increase in freight nor are we expecting a meaningful decrease. And so it would more or less on par with kind of how we've been tracking in Q1 is how we're currently seeing it.
Devin Stockfish: What I would say about Japan is from a demand perspective, we have seen that remain pretty consistent over time, and the demand for our high-quality Japan logs remains solid now. I think what you're alluding to really is maybe a little bit more about realizations. And so as we think about Japan log pricing, there are really a couple of things to look at. So there is the correlation to the domestic market here in the West. And so you'll typically see that trade in a correlated fashion to what domestic pricing looks like in the Pacific Northwest. And then the other piece is just related to the dynamic in the Japan market. And so there is a competing product coming over from Europe that the Doug fir product has to compete against. And so those things all play together to come up ultimately with what Japan pricing looks like, and there's a foreign exchange piece to that as well. But again, just going back to the original comment, the demand has remained solid and we would anticipate that to continue.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Here would be how I would phrase that. The Chinese demand that we've seen over the last 12 months really hasn't gone down that much. And I'm talking about specifically from the West Coast. Obviously, the South with the tariffs, the southern yellow pine demand has changed a little bit. But from the West Coast, we haven't seen the demand really fall off. Now maybe what you're referring to is during the Lunar New Year period, we do see a reduction in construction activity. And so you'll see a little bit weaker demand during that period and you'll see the inventory levels at the Chinese ports tick up a bit, and that certainly happened. But in terms of the China demand, we haven't seen a meaningful dropoff. And in fact, I do believe that construction activity in China recently has started to pick back up. That's what we're hearing from our folks on the ground. And so we would expect, as we get deeper into the spring and summer in China, you're going to see the continued activity and mostly continued good demand for our China logs.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think one of the things that may be mitigated to some of that during Q1 was just because it was so rainy across the system. Anybody that could move wood have the opportunity. And so I just -- I think the overall weather dynamics probably mitigated some of that impact. But even now across the system in the South, I would say inventory levels are moderate to low. And so from a pricing perspective, we would expect pricing to be comparable to Q1 as we think about Q2. With respect to the salvage, we don't have a whole out of ownership in that area so really didn't impact us meaningfully anyhow nor do we expect it to. But I think the fact that just because the mill inventories are low, that probably mitigated some of the downward pricing pressure in those areas.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I really can't comment on what other folks in the industry are doing in terms of production. The way we look at it really is just we produce what we can sell at a profit. And so really, our focus is just on running our mills at a level that we think we can remain profitable and move our inventory. And so the other producers obviously will make their decisions, I think, similarly, but we really can't. We don't have visibility into that.
Devin Stockfish: No. I don't think so. I mean I think without question, in 2018, that was the case. The challenges with rail particularly out of Canada created a little bit of an imbalance, particularly in the first half of the year. And when that unwound, that was part of the driver for while you saw lumber prices slide so dramatically. There were some challenges this year from a rail perspective. And so it's not as though everything went perfectly smoothly this year. But I do think the pricing environment kept people from building inventories to the same levels that perhaps they did last year. And so I don't think you're going to see the rail and transportation issues have near the effect this year that they did last year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Of course, over time, I mean, we're in business to earn in excess of our cost of capital. Now we don't look at that necessarily on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We look at that over a longer period. But without question, that's certainly our intent is to make sure that we're operating to earn returns in excess of our cost to capital, no question about that.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So remember, $120 million of that is on the Timberlands side and that's primarily reforestation. And so just in terms of the Wood Products side, that's about $270 million. And I'd say you still have some of that, that's coming on finishing up the Millport. And then beyond that, it's really just -- it's a mix of various projects across the system. So it could be CDKs, could be optimization in mills going after bottlenecks. So there's nothing that I could specifically point you to that's of the magnitude of Millport or a Dierks or Grayling. It's really a lot of projects across the system really going after improving our reliability and lowering our cost of manufacturing.
Devin Stockfish: We're still working through that frankly, so I don't know that we're necessarily ready to comment on specifics. But as we get into the back half of the year, early part of next year, we'll provide more guidance on that.
Devin Stockfish: I think it's directionally positive for us. But what I would say is if you think about our China business generally in the West, which is the much bigger piece from an earnings perspective, we haven't really seen a material impact other than some initial noise once the tariffs were put in place back last summer. So I think it would have a moderately positive impact to the West, maybe a few million. I think the bigger opportunity over time, although it's not a big earnings impact now, is the opportunity to grow the Southern export business. And so that business is not a meaningful percentage of our harvest in the South right now, but we had some good momentum going last year on building that program before the tariffs came into place. We've continued to have conversations with our customers in China, and we think there's a good opportunity for us there. But that's something that would grow over time, not meaningful probably in the very near term. It's more of a midterm opportunity from a magnitude perspective. All right. Terrific. Well, I think that was our last question. So thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. Have a good day.
Russell Hagen: Sure. So for lumber, as you mentioned, we did have lower log costs coming out of the fourth quarter so that was very much beneficial coming in the first quarter. And we also had improved operating performance coming into the first quarter. And similarly to EWP, we had a lower cost structure, they ran very well coming into the first quarter, and that really contributed to their overall improved performance.
Russell Hagen: And George, on the $15 million after-tax legal charge, that's just for potential settlement of various legal matters.
Russell Hagen: I mean you're right. We don't give specific guidance, but I think if you kind of add it up, absent change in pricing, we give you some relative parameters around what the pricing impact would be looking quarter-over-quarter. You can probably piece it all together and then factor in the pricing.
Russell Hagen: So Collin, this is Russell. Again, as far as our Real Estate outlook, we increased it from $260 million to $270 million for the Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We did come out of a strong first quarter, which is going to benefit again the second quarter. But we think the $270 million number is the right number to really capture the premium to timber value which is the key focus for that business. So I wouldn't anticipate we would increase that above our guidance to affect any other capital allocation priorities.
Russell Hagen: No, we don't have any specific start-up costs. I mean, we're clearly going to build that ramp-up over the next 18 months but, no specific charges related to that.
