Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, we had a very busy quarter at Weyerhaeuser. We had solid financial results with all 4 of our businesses contributing to increased profitability. From a strategic perspective, we're excited about our acquisition of the 645,000-acre Longview Timber asset. This acquisition is consistent with our stated intent to play to our strength and grow our timberlands base, taking full advantage of our Timber REIT structure. And finally, the strategic review of our WRECO business evidences our commitment to ensure that WRECO achieves its full potential for the benefit of our shareholders. And now we welcome your questions and comments.
Daniel S. Fulton: We have not seen any significant changes in behavior, Gail. The thing that was noteworthy about June was as we look at the pattern of sales, it was noteworthy because normally, we see some summer slowdown. But in fact, June being stronger than May, it was the first time that's happened since 2005. And so to me, that is evidence that we are on a path of this longer-term recovery. So you think about where housing starts are today as compared to long-term trend levels, we've got a long way to go. And so we should expect to see steady improvement, and so we're breaking some of these seasonal patterns, and that's a good thing.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Mark. Well, with respect to the pulp market, as Patty commented, thinking about the third quarter guidance, we are seeing relative stabilization. There has been some change in supply, some going out of the market with Rayonier completing their shift in their mill. Fundamentally, we rely on the relationships with our longer-term customers, and so we feel relatively confident about demand levels going forward. We would certainly benefit from a pickup in global growth because there's been some softness. But at this point, I think the reliance that we have on our longer-term relationships with large global customers has served us well.
Daniel S. Fulton: Another element, Mark, is -- one other element, Mark, is that we have -- generally, a road system that's in better shape than perhaps some of the smaller owners.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Alex. As we've talked here about Engineered Wood Products, it is the product line in Wood Products that is most closely tied to new home construction. Utilization rates have been relatively low in this business during the recession, and we've been talking about the fact that we would expect it to start to pick up with housing recovery. And so we've seen, I would say, early stages of that. And as construction starts, continue to pick up, that will affect that business pretty significantly because the products that are produced are going into new home construction. As we've talked about, our own experience in WRECO with the increase in sales, and we look at broad housing start numbers, we are starting to see the momentum of this recovery, and it should translate into increased sales activity for the engineered products and with the facilities that we've got. That will be evidenced in our higher utilization rates. So that's what we've been expecting to happen, and so we're starting to see early evidence of that.
Daniel S. Fulton: We've discussed in the past the fact that there were more deferrals in the South than in the West because of the fact that the West has export potential. Additionally, there are more small land owners in the South. And what we are seeing is as housing begins to pick up, there is an increase in volume, but there's not that significant cost pressure that there is in the West. So it will happen eventually, but I can't call the timing.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Mark. In the second quarter, the operating losses that we had in our distribution business were, in large part, related to the significant drop that was experienced in prices for the commodity OSB and lumber. Some of that is a function of the level of inventory that we're carrying. Some of that is the function of the challenges in that business with that kind of a price decline. Longer term, I can't put a number on housing starts as to what level it will take in order to return that business to profitability. I can tell you that our focus is on improving operations today as it has been with our other Wood Products businesses in order to be profitable at the level of starts that are available to us in today's market, rather than projecting it in the future. So as is the case with our other Wood Products businesses, we had a significant number of initiatives underway to improve operations. I'm confident that we will see some progress, but obviously, we're disappointed with what happened in the second quarter. And we believe that as the market picks up, we will certainly benefit from the leverage of the business, but we also need to make operating improvements.
Daniel S. Fulton: In the second quarter, Anthony, our operating rate for lumber was elevated slightly, so we operated at about a 93% operating rate. And OSB operating rates were flat to the second quarter at about 88%. And then our I-Joist business, we were roughly 45%, and then sawlog's a bit north of 55%, which is consistent with where we were in the prior quarter. In terms of our production rates, we do adjust based upon market demand. We have -- in each of our markets, we focus on operating the right shifts at the right time with the right capacity and will continue to adjust to market conditions. And [indiscernible]. As we -- go ahead, Anthony.
Daniel S. Fulton: Anthony, just to add a little bit of color, we had actually very strong sales in the second quarter to China. They picked up quite a bit from the first quarter. China is primarily a buyer of whitewood rather than Douglas fir. As you know, our -- Weyerhaeuser lands are very heavy to Douglas fir, the -- as are the Longview Timber lands. But the Longview Timber lands have a little bit higher percentage of white wood, and we'll be able to take advantage of that in providing some additional supply to the China market.
Daniel S. Fulton: Let me talk about the increase in sales activity throughout the first and second quarter and the impact on our backlog. So at this point, when we talk about backlog, George, you're aware that backlog includes -- so it's sales of homes that have not been closed yet, and they may be homes that are completed or under construction or still to be built. We have very, very low levels of standing inventory and so for most part, our backlog has a longer-term delivery cycle, which would shift more of those closings and backlog to the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. So you see what we've done so far in the first 2 quarters, Patty talked about the deliveries that we expect in the third quarter. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we've now increased our expectations for closings for the entire year. So we expect having a very strong fourth quarter, likely a higher percentage of fourth quarter closings than we have seen in quite a number of years. Even though fourth quarter is generally stronger, this fourth quarter, I think, will be stronger than most. There is a mixed shift that takes place quarter-to-quarter, and it is impacted by where those houses are. And so we had a higher percentage in the second quarter in San Diego, including some homes that we thought we'd close in the third quarter that actually closed at the very end of the second quarter. And at the same time, we had a shift of some homes that we thought would close in the second quarter that moved into the first couple of weeks of the third quarter. So that mixed shift does matter. The most significant factor in what you highlighted is that in our remarks, we said that we are starting to see some margin improvement as we're able to pass through price increases. So on a same-store basis, we are seeing margin improvement. But in some quarters, that's clouded by mix. So our view is that over the longer term, we should expect to see those higher margins show up in the closings that we would see coming in the fourth quarter and perhaps even into the first quarter of next year.
Daniel S. Fulton: So what you're referring to is the issue of margins on affordable homes that we are required to build in some master-planned communities as part of the overall master plan entitlement. It has affected us most significantly in the Maryland, Virginia suburbs of Washington D.C. where we build affordable townhomes as part of larger master plans. That will still be a factor, and it's a factor because when we deliver those affordable homes, we generally do it with a block of homes at one time. And so there's a larger percentage perhaps in any given quarter. But as our volume picks up generally, that would be a smaller and smaller percentage of our overall closings. And so we should expect that the impact of that will be diminished as we go forward.
Daniel S. Fulton: We're always in the market trying to improve, what I would call improve our hand in our land position. A lot of that activity happens on a quarter-over-quarter basis with $10.31 exchanges, where we can improve the return on -- to hold on all of the lands that we have, and the way we do that is we have to maintain an active position in the market. So we're exposed to opportunities that emerge. We'll take a look at them. And as we talked when we announced the Longview acquisition, we've looked at a lot of property over the last several years, and this was really one that had an extraordinary fit to us for a lot of reasons. So we'll be cautious. But for the right property, we will be certainly taking a look. But we've got a lot to absorb with the Longview acquisition, and our focus right now is to integrate that into our operations and to capture all of the opportunities that it brings us.
Daniel S. Fulton: We've made a lot of progress in shifting to an 18-month scheduled maintenance schedule, Mark. We've talked about this over the last couple of years. It takes some time to implement this on a mill-by-mill basis because, in some cases, we have had to invest in some operating equipment to allow us to do that. In other cases -- in every case, we have to have an approval from a regulatory body at the state or, if it's not state-controlled, even our own insurance carrier. So we've been working through that process. And additionally, all of our mills, with the exception of Grande Prairie, have received an approval to go to an 18-month outage schedule. Grand Prairie is still being evaluated. And in some cases, where we receive an approval, it'll be subject to further review after that first 18-month cycle to be sure that we are operating safely. Our focus is to be sure that we're doing it safely. But we've made great progress, and you should expect to see some of the benefits begin to play out in 2014. But really, 2015 probably will be the most significant impact.
Daniel S. Fulton: We have identified low 20% gross margins as a long-term number that you should be able to count on. And over a couple of quarters, we've had some mix issues. I don't want to provide guidance for fourth quarter margins at this point. You are correct. As you look at the estimated number of closings and -- I would fall back to my comments that we've been through a period where we had cost increases that were keeping pace with price increases. And in the second quarter, our price increases outpaced cost increases, and so we are encouraged about the longer-term direction of our margins. And as we look at the homes that are in that backlog, we would expect some continuing strength and pickup in margins, but we can't provide at this point a fourth quarter guidance number.
Daniel S. Fulton: So just some brief closing comments from me. First of all, as always, we appreciate your attendance today and your interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. I want to thank all of you on the call for your support during my tenure as the Weyerhaeuser CEO. The past 5 years have tested us, but through the hard work and dedication of Weyerhaeuser employees, we've adjusted to changing market conditions, and I believe that we're well positioned to continue to improve our performance in order to maximize the value of all of our assets. As I wrap up my final earnings call with you, I look forward to the experience and the energy and the commitment that Doyle brings to his new role. And then I'd like to add one final comment, and that is that throughout my entire tenure as CEO and the many times that we've been together with you in our analyst and investor meetings, and on the many calls that we've had for quarterly earnings and other special events, I've been joined throughout that process by Patty Bedient and Kathy McAuley. I just want to say that I've been incredibly blessed to have had their support along our path together, and I want to thank them in front of all of you. And I want to direct anybody that has further questions to follow up with Kathy. But we appreciate you joining the call, and I am really looking forward to the next phase of company performance and what Doyle will bring to it. So thanks very much, everybody, this morning. Appreciate it.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, it is that it will continue to improve for all the reasons that we talked about in terms of the underlying fundamentals, but it will still be well below what the average was for the second quarter. But as I said, we do expect that while it will be less than what we earned in the second quarter, it will still be well above the third quarter of last year. So I think that will give you a little bit in terms of the guideposts of what we're looking at out of the Wood Products segment.
Patricia M. Bedient: I think the other thing as we think about our Cellulose Fibers business relative to other commodities plus producers is that we do have a number of specialty products within that particular space. I think Dan referenced the Pearl product and certainly, our cross-linked product that is -- commands a higher price, also probably underpins the fact that you haven't seen as much pressure on ours as probably some of our competitors.
Patricia M. Bedient: I think that as we look at our Timberlands business, we do expect that we will harvest more fee volume in the third quarter, as I said, which is typical. We did -- probably one place where we'll see some additional impact is from -- earlier in the second quarter, we would have likely done a little more silvicultural treatment traditionally. But because of the wet weather, some of that did get deferred into the third quarter. So it's really more from a copy [ph] perspective that you'll see some impact for our particular operation.
Patricia M. Bedient: Chip, there really isn't a big impact from the write-up of log inventory in that we don't carry big log inventories in the Timberland business in the West. So if you're thinking about large log decks that typically you would see in the West, those might be in competitors' saw mills but certainly not in the Timberland business. So we really won't have a big inventory as we make the acquisition. And Longview typically didn't carry big long inventories as well. So we really look at the activity in the third quarter from Longview, being the fact that we will really only have that for about 2 months. And then also, they have the same impact in terms of pricing for the third quarter that I talked about in the export market, certainly that we are looking at as well. So we do believe that as we go into the fourth quarter, we expect that pricing will be picking up and that we will then also have had the 2 additional months on the ground to really start to work on some of the logistics and marketing synergies that we talked about during the call on the announcement of the acquisition.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, we're really only talking about guidance for the third quarter on this particular call, Chip. So in terms of giving fourth quarter guidance, we'll probably defer to the fourth quarter. But most of our maintenance did happen to a great extent earlier in the year. So I would expect that it will be somewhat lighter, but I don't have specific guidance for you.
Patricia M. Bedient: I really don't have numbers to give you on that, Mark, but I would tell you that we will be looking at accelerating some harvest over what historically Longview has done. So maybe pointing you towards the filings that we made of the Longview financial statements in the first quarter of this year. So you can see 2013 first quarter and then 2012 as well. So we'll be accelerating that harvest because of the maturity of the forest, as well as, as we enter again into the fourth quarter, we'll see export activity beginning to pick up; as well as, as we look at lumber pricing continuing to improve domestically in the West, we expect that we'll be seeing a pickup in domestic log activity as well.
Patricia M. Bedient: It's a little softer as we talked about on the guidance. It's not a huge drop. Prices are still good. It's just that, relative to the second quarter, they will not be as strong.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, I think the way to think about it, Steve, is really to look at what Longview has been harvesting. And I think that's around 475,000 to 500,000 board feet. And I think also, to think about your outlook for pricing in terms of how you think about what pricing will do on a go-forward basis, considering that there is a rich mix in terms of mature logs, but also logs that can go into the Japan market and that as we look at what will happen with their cost structure, we do believe that the synergies that we talked about, of about $20 million, we will get certainly over time but will get a significant portion of that even yet this year in terms of on a run rate perspective and that we will also access the marketing expertise that we have as well. On the flip side, as you think about the historical amounts for Longview, we will take out the purchase price, most of which will be Timberland, and we will pool that with our Western lands in terms of a single rate for depletion. I think I would refer you to the pro-formas that were in the prospectus that we filed for the equity offering, and you can see how that will roll through the financial statement. For the third quarter, that cooling didn't have a significant impact on the results, but it could in the future as we go forward, given the mix of what we would harvest from Longview and what we would harvest from our existing Western lands.
Patricia M. Bedient: I don't remember what the exact number was that we had before, Mark. But there's no reason that we would see a change from what the number was that we had before, but I don't have the prior ones in front of me. I think just as we think about the mills, we have underway now with us -- we are completing the annual outages for some of the mills in 2013. They are on their 18-month outage. So you don't see it in '13 because their outage did take place. But their next outage will be 18 months from now. So some will not have an outage in '14. We do have 1 mill that didn't have -- won't have an outage in '13. So what we're trying to do is stagger those because it is a function of not only the maintenance between, timing between, but also the staging of customer orders as well. So it is underway as we speak. And as Dan said, we would expect, with the exception of Grande Prairie, which is still -- we're looking at it. We expect to try to move that one as well. But we would expect all of them during 2014 to be on an 18-month schedule. That doesn't necessarily mean they won't all have an outage in '14, though, but they will be on a staggered basis.
