Daniel S. Fulton: Yes, Anthony. As you note, we ended up in 2011 encountering a more difficult market than 2010. Nevertheless, we made a significant number of improvements, as I noted, throughout the year, both in improving operating costs as well as reducing SG&A, which helped to offset declines in prices and increases in costs such as logs and freight. As we look forward into 2012, we continue the ongoing improvement efforts in every single one of our businesses. As I noted, we're focused on improving revenues where we have the opportunities to obtain higher prices for certain products. We're adding new customers. Our efforts in terms of cost reduction, touch every single one of our operating businesses, lumber oriented strand board, engineered Wood Products, and distribution. And at this point, given our outlook for housing at the level that we are projecting today, we have an expectation that for the full year, we would be EBITDA positive and cash flow neutral. We continue to, as I noted in my remarks, use all levers that we have. I'm encouraged by the improvement and our focus continues to be to improve profitability at today's level of starts and then be able to take advantage of the upside leverage that comes with an improving market.
Daniel S. Fulton: It's fundamentally timing difference, Anthony. We haven't changed the scope of the products or the projects. As we move into 2012, our CapEx continues to include reforestation expense, road work in the woods in order to open up lands for harvest. And the most significant capital expenditures continue to be in our Cellulose Fibers business, where we focus our improvements on projects that reduce costs, that have added benefit, in many cases, of improving volume and continue to move us forward towards a maintenance schedule in our Cellulose Fibers facilities where we will be stretching out our -- what has been our annual maintenance over the next 2 to 3 years to an 18-month schedule.
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, it does vary by region. And as I noted in my comments, it's a little bit difficult to extrapolate from 5 weeks. However, I've made a point, a number of years in the past, that we normally don't see a pickup in housing until after the Super Bowl. So it's actually encouraging that we've got some increase in activity during January. We're seeing more strength in the Phoenix market, in the Pacific Northwest. Texas continues to be very strong. We've seen a little bit of softening in the Washington D.C. area, which was stronger during 2011. And in Las Vegas, we're still relatively challenged. We're seeing a bit of a pickup in all of Southern California, with the exception of LA County. So it's a bit mixed, but for the first 5 weeks overall, we're encouraged. That mix will translate to differences in margins as we go forward. So last year, we did have increased sales in all of our markets with the exception of Nevada and California. And California especially is our strong margin market, and so that's some of the mix change that Patty's talking about as she provides an outlook for the first quarter. So we're encouraged and we'll track it through the balance of the quarter and look forward to on the next call being able to update you.
Daniel S. Fulton: The markets to which our products flow has some impact on this, Mark. So lumber, where we have the broadest set of markets, it certainly flows into new home construction, but it's also runs to the repair and remodel market. And so we are less dependent on single-family new home constructions. Our oriented strand board product is used in new home construction but also some portion of that runs through the repair and remodel market. And then when you go to engineered Wood Products, that has a lot heavier concentration in new home construction. And so our challenges for Engineered Wood Products, which also I would couple that with our distribution business, because there's a good portion of our engineered material that flows through our distribution business is reliant on a recovery in new home construction. And so if you look at our utilization rates across our facilities, they are the lowest in engineered, they are higher in OSB, and then they're the highest in lumber. Lumber also has the benefit of being able to flow to offshore markets, and there's a portion of our Canadian lumber that goes to Japan and recently China. So we will be recovering more quickly in lumber. OSB would follow on, and then I would say our Engineered Wood Products in our distribution. In our Distribution business, we picked up distribution of some third-party specialty products, they bring on some additional margin contribution, and so we're pleased with our progress there. I would say overall, once again, our goal is to get the cash breakeven with the level of starts that we have, but we have a tremendous amount of operating leverage as the market starts to recover. And this business in a recovering housing market will have the benefit of increased cash flow and in ultimately earnings.
Daniel S. Fulton: It is both, Mark. So California is a big state, and so we have to look at submarkets within California. Our strongest position historically with respect to earnings and margin is San Diego. San Diego, we're now the largest builder. And so we build a higher-end house that has a lot higher price point, and the margins in those homes are much higher in part because of the product that we're building, the neighborhoods in which we're building, and to some extent, our land basis. The lower margin portion of the market would be the Inland Empire, with LA County being about in the middle. So there's a significant impact on our margins overall. If San Diego was strong, and San Diego was stronger in 2011 -- I'm sorry, 2010 as compared to 2011. Now in the first 5 weeks, we're seeing sales up in San Diego, that's a real positive and we've got a strong land position from which to build in San Diego. The other high-margin market for us historically has been the Virginia and Maryland suburbs, Washington D.C. It's also a higher price point in product, and the margins there are fundamentally related to the homes that we're building in the price point rather than a low-land basis.
Daniel S. Fulton: Let me first address the question of our land position. As we've talked about this in the past, we have a relatively long land position as compared to many other public builders. And in large part, it's related to our value proposition and the markets in which we operate. So we generally would have a longer land position in a market that is more challenging for entitlements processing, and we have a lighter land position in markets where it's relatively easy to process land or to acquire land. So the extremes for us would be San Diego County, where it may take a decade to get property entitled, and one -- the benefit of that is that, that becomes very valuable property. And it's important to have access to land into markets like that in order to be an effective profitable builder. The other extreme would be Houston, Texas. Houston has no zoning. There's a vibrant land development community there, and historically, we're able to acquire many of our lots on a rolling option basis. And so we won't need a long land position in Houston, and then the other markets fall somewhere in between. In terms of our ability to flex, one of our challenges over the last couple of years has been to redeploy some of our land capital to markets where we may be a little bit land light. We made a conscious decision in Phoenix to sell land that we had impaired earlier in the recession because we were confident that we could obtain the land from others as the market recovered and that has been the case so far. If we had a very strong recovery in the Pacific Northwest, we might find ourselves a bit challenged to flex as much as some other markets. But we're comfortable with our land position as we look out the next 3 to 5 years in our markets, and we do have the ability to flex up in response to increased demand. But it varies by market.
Daniel S. Fulton: We've been engaged in a broad process for over a year to improve performance in this business. As I've discussed it, it includes revenue improvement as well as cost reduction. Some of the cost reduction would come from reduced operating cost and input costs, some would come from increased productivity. We captured some of those improvements in 2011. We have more to come in 2012. And so I can't give you a number as to what we would have "in the bank" for 2012. But we're making good progress and we should expect to see more improvement in 2012. As I look at our operating rates, we operated -- in the fourth quarter, our lumber system at about 75%. OSB was running at 72%, and our Engineered Wood Products were around 30%. So we have much more room to flex it up in our engineered business as the housing market recovers. But we've got plenty of capacity in lumber, in OSB, and we're looking forward to the opportunity to test the margins when we're fully utilizing all of our facilities.
Daniel S. Fulton: In each of our businesses, we participate in the outside market, both Timberlands and in our Wood Products facilities as well as Cellulose Fibers. If we think about the Western Timberlands, and these are rough numbers, Steve, about 1/3 of our logs would go to the export market, 1/3 would go to domestic third parties, and about 1/3 would go to our own mills. In the South -- and those numbers will move up and down on a year-over-year basis. In the South, a much higher percentage of our logs historically have flowed to our own facilities. But as I noted in my remarks this morning, we are consciously increasing our sales to third parties from our Southern Timberlands. Last year, that number exceeded 20%. And that's been a good market for us. We're seeing good prices and we are building relationships with third-party customers that we'll be able to continue to serve in 2012.
Daniel S. Fulton: We are in the market all the time as a prospective buyer. And at the right time and the right place and the right circumstances, we could be a seller. But generally, we're -- and we have routine dispositions of nonstrategic land, that in some cases, are part of 1031 transactions or HBU land. In general, our strategic intent is to grow our Timberlands position. But we are engaged in the market and have exposure to both buyers and sellers...
Daniel S. Fulton: We always have some in process and -- so I can't talk about specifics. We match up the buy-sell opportunities.
Daniel S. Fulton: And to your second question, Mark, our focus in the Homebuilding business is to grow organically. We like the markets that we're in. We've got strong regional local brands that you're familiar with. And our focus in growing that business will be to flex up with the operations that we have and improve our selling activity and our production in those operations. As you know, today's volume is about 1/3 of what it was at the peak. So we have a great operations and have the capacity to build more as the market begins to recover. If there is a land-light builder out there that need lots, they better be talking to us because we'd be happy to sell lots, assuming we can do so profitably. So it's part of our ongoing business, and it's important for us to have a balance between our land sales and our Homebuilding operations.
Daniel S. Fulton: During the recession, we've seen some reduction in average square footage in single-family homes, Paul, maybe 10%. There has been a swing to multifamily during this timeframe. Multifamily market right now is really record low vacancy rates in many markets. And a lot of that I'd attribute to buyer uncertainty more than a shift long term in choice of multi versus single-family. So it's a little bit too early to tell. And as I talked about the numbers for 2011, single-family dropped, multifamily starts were actually up. We have the ability to sell all of our Wood Products into the multifamily market. Multifamily units generally have a lower square footage, on average, roughly 50% of the single-family. The amount of utilization of products varies. In multifamily units, our data would show that if you look at lumber, lumber utilization and the multifamily unit as compared to single-family maybe about 1/3 of what is single would be. OSB about the same ratio. When you move into Engineered Wood Products, our numbers indicate about 60% on average usage per unit, so our strength in Engineered Wood Products will help in the serving any multifamily needs. And I think it's going to take some time through this recovery to see how the ratios between singles and multis actually settle out. I think what we're seeing now is multis being stronger, a lot of fires on the sidelines. My personal view is that as people start to reenter the single-family market, you'll see vacancies rise and multifamily, and people will take advantage of record low-interest rates and low prices for single-family. And that'll be what disburse the recovery in single-family overall.
Daniel S. Fulton: It's not clear yet, Josh. Our volumes to Japan during 2011 were about equal to what they were in 2010. And that is in light of the disruption that we experienced, and the country experienced during the earthquake and tsunami, so we've seen a pickup in demand from our customers. And so as Patty talked about, the outlook for first quarter, that incorporates the increase in demand we're seeing. It appears that, that is primarily growth of our customers and perhaps their share rather than the rebuilding efforts following the earthquake. The areas that were most severely impacted, I think, are going to take some time to recover, because they have very significant infrastructure needs that need to be addressed. Can't add any more color than that.
Daniel S. Fulton: Longer than annually, for a longer period of time, and they have some adjustments that are built in. But for our long-term customers, we have mutual commitments to keep them supplied. And that's really one of the great strengths of our business is the great longer-term customers that we have that are growing around the globe, and that provides a lot of strength for us in this business.
Daniel S. Fulton: I'd like to take one minute and thank everybody on the line. We appreciate all of your comments and your questions. As usual, if you have further questions following today's call, I encourage you to follow-up with Kathy McAuley. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning, and thanks for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company.
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Chip. If you compare the first quarter of this year to the first quarter of 2011, the mills that will be taking their annual outages will be similar. But the length of the outages is going to be somewhat extended, both to allow us for some completion of some capital projects, but also positioning those mills for an 18-month frequency between the plan to shut down. Now the benefit of that increased frequency will actually start to accrue in 2013. But we're setting those mills up to be in a position to do that as we take their annual maintenance shutdowns this year. So we'll have a little bit longer outages and do a little more maintenance work to prepare for that in addition to the capital project. So I would estimate that the actual maintenance spend for the quarter will be about $25 million to $30 million. Then if you factor in the lost productivity and the additional costs for chemicals, energy and fuel, I'd expect that the total dollar impact of the outages would be on the order of $45 million to $50 million. And then as you referenced, the other major difference quarter-over-quarter in the results will be lower pulp realizations, which is also likely to be around $45 million, coupled with the realizations and also a little slightly lower volume. And then we'll have some seasonally higher input costs as well. So I think that will help you dimension the change from the fourth quarter to the first. And in terms of our maintenance schedule for 2012, we had completed all of the maintenance in 2011 by the end of the second quarter. And I think our schedule actually calls for a little bit of maintenance also coming in, in the second half as those mills just change a little bit. But for the first quarter, they are very similar to last year in terms of the operations itself.
Patricia Bedient: Sure. You know, Chip, I think just to reiterate, maybe if you could look at the cash flow statements that we have in the analyst package. So on Page 3, we break out in the cash flow from operations on 2 separate line items the impact of cash contributions, as well as the non-cash charge that goes through the income statement for pension and other postretirement benefits. So let me just start with the cash impact to reiterate that. So I'm looking at the line item, which is 2 lines up from net cash from operations, and it's titled Pension and Postretirement Contributions. So you see that we had $143 million that we contributed in 2011. We would expect that those contributions for the plans that I mentioned in my remarks would be similar in 2012 or about $140 million. Now that doesn't include the U.S. qualified pension plan, which did not have a contribution due in 2011. Based on the funded status at the end of this year, we would estimate that the cash contribution would be about $60 million, and we would not need to make that contribution until September of 2013. We certainly have the discretion to make it earlier if we want, but it's not due until September of 2013. Now let me address your other question, which is the difference in the book expense on a GAAP basis. So if you go a little further up the page from where we were before, you'll see a line item called Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits under the Non-cash Charges to Income. So in 2011 for the full year, that number was $81 million. The comparable number for 2012 is about $115 million. Offsetting the $115 million though, we will have amortization of the changes that we made in some of our postretirement benefit plans at the end of the year. So we made some amendments to those changes or to those plans, and we'll be amortizing those in 2012, and that will just about offset that $115 million. But, I think it's a little more than $115 million. But they just about offset each other. We will call those out as special items in 2012, but that's the way that the expense will flow through the income statement.
Patricia Bedient: Well, as prices came down through the fourth quarter and certainly softened into the first quarter, but we would expect that they are pretty much at a bottom at this point, and wouldn't expect further erosion coming out of the quarter.
Patricia Bedient: That's really hard to speculate. We usually just limit the guidance to the first quarter in terms of the outlook. But I think, we have, as I said, starting to see some stabilization in that pulp price.
Patricia Bedient: Sure. I think the way to think about the tax rate, Gail, is really it's not only just the rate but, it's also the mix of income between the REIT and the TRS. So as you think about our Timberlands business, most of that income is at the REIT, so no tax would be applied to that. And then for the TRS, the income which also would include not only the TRS businesses but also the interest expense, you would think about a tax rate of around 35%.
Patricia Bedient: Sure. As you think about the rate itself, there's a couple of things impacting that fourth quarter. So one, of course, is the mix of income that I just mentioned. We actually also had a special item that we exclude as we talk about our results. So for the full quarter, quarter 4, we actually had a tax benefit of about $10 million. And most of that was a result of the special item of $19 million, tax-affected would be around $7 million or $8 million. So most of that is the result of that additional benefit, that when we talk about our earnings, we exclude as a special item. Then if you think about the mix of income, as I talked about before for the quarter, and this doesn't work exactly perfectly, but if you looked at Chart 1, for example, you'll see that our earnings, pretax earnings before special items was about $160 million. You subtract from that the Timberlands earnings of $70 million and also subtract from it the interest expense of $88 million, and you get just about a push for the quarter. And then also at the fourth quarter, you have a little bit of true up not much running through the quarter. So basically, we ended up with a small benefit of about $3 million from continuing operations.
Patricia Bedient: Sure. On the working capital, you had a couple of things in the fourth quarter. So typically, our working capital in Wood Products would come down a little bit. In terms of reduced receivables in the quarter, we did have some inventory build in the fourth quarter to take advantage of some markets that new markets, in terms of customers, that we are building in the Wood Products business. The other swing that you had in working capital was in our Cellulose Fibers business, where we had more volume that we sold into the fourth quarter. And so I believe our receivables went up, those would certainly, swaps with the volume that we said would be a little bit lower and a little bit lower prices as well in the first quarter compared to the fourth.
Patricia Bedient: It's really the booking of the additional liability for pensions. So pensions is the biggest reason for why deferred taxes moved around.
Patricia Bedient: So we said that this is pension and other postretirement benefits both, so they both flow into the same footnote. They're about a little over $80 million in 2011. In 2012, we would anticipate that, that'll be around $115 million. But there will be an amortization of a special item that will offset that $115 million for changes in the retirement benefit plans. So what I said to Chip was that we'll call that out as a special item. It's clear, but that's the change year-over-year.
Patricia Bedient: Well, we charge to the segments themselves sort of normal service cost. And on Page 4 of the analyst package, we actually give you that breakout of what gets allocated to the business segments versus what stays at corporate. I would expect that the amount that gets allocated to the segments next year will increase a little bit as service cost increases, but the bulk of it would stay in the corporate segment.
Patricia Bedient: It'll be a little bit up for that item. The Corporate segment does move around from quarter-to-quarter. In addition to these expenses, the other things that account for swings quarter-to-quarter or what happens to share-based comp, as well as foreign currency exchange fluctuations so it can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. But sort of as a rule of thumb, I would think about $15 million to $20 million a quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Yes. The $45 million is about -- is a combination of both pulp realizations and slightly lower volume quarter-over-quarter. And in the fourth quarter, you had a little bit higher mix of specialty volume that went to the quarter as well. So there's a little bit of mix in the fourth quarter, and then there's a little less volume in the first quarter compared to the fourth.
