Doyle R. Simons: Thank you Russell. I am proud of our 2016 achievements. We have transformed our portfolio, delivered strong operating performance, and taken substantial strides towards a successful and value creating merger integration. And in 2017 I'm very optimistic about the opportunities in front of us. We remain strongly committed to driving industry leading performance, capturing merger synergies, fully capitalizing on improving markets, and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation to drive superior value for our shareholders. And now I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: So let me start with your second question regarding the anti-dumping duties and we are not taking any steps to rebalance, Anthony. As we've talked about previously, if you look at our Canadian operation, about a third of our Canadian operation is sold -- of our production is sold in Canada, a third is sold in export markets outside the United States, and a third comes into the U.S. Overall, our Canadian lumber operations is roughly 20% of our overall lumber operations, so you take that 20% times a third it's not a big part of the driver for our lumber operation. In terms of CAPEX Anthony, the $300 million is in line with what we've done over the last couple of years, and our primary focus in our CAPEX in our Wood Products operation is low risk, high return projects that drive down our overall cost structure and that's been a key part of accomplishing our OPEX. With that said, some of those projects do in fact result in debottlenecking and additional capacity, and as we've also stated we are in the process of rebuilding two of our mills Dirk's and Millport, which have been really good mills for us historically. But, in order to significantly dive down the cost structure of those mills, we essentially needed to rebuild them in place and that will result in some additional capacity as well. But again, the primary focus is on the cost side where we will be increasing capacity as a result of some of the projects that we've put in place.
Doyle R. Simons: George, in terms of operating rates, we are optimistic about demand as we move into 2017 for all of our products. So I would tell you there will be some seasonality as there always is, but I would anticipate lumber operating in the low to mid 90's, OSB operating in the low to mid 90's, ELP normally operates about 10% lower than that, so I would anticipate that being in mid 80's type range. But as I said, we are encouraged by what we're seeing in terms of demand. And as we talk to our customers, they are bullish on housing and increasing demand for all of our products in 2017.  In terms of the coordination between engineered wood and distribution, that's something that’s here where we also have done a lot of work on. And I would tell you those two operations are working more closely together than they ever have historically. And that's been very beneficial in driving improvements in both our EWP and our distribution business and I think there will continue to be further opportunities for that coordination as we move forward. 
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, George. In terms of G&A I would tell you that the slight increase in fourth quarter versus third quarter is just timing. We are if you look at where these companies were before we combine them in 2015 versus where we're going up in 2017, we're highly confident that we're going to meet or exceed our $125 million target by the end of the first quarter of 2017. And as I said earlier we are at a basically $100 million run rate through the fourth quarter of 2016. So in really good shape on our G&A and as I mentioned earlier the $125 million is 25% higher than what we originally factored in when we announced the merger.  In terms of the engineered wood products and distribution coordination and quantifying that George, as you would expect that is difficult to quantify but that is part of the OPEX improvements that we've highlighted in 2017. And there maybe some upside as these two operations continue to work closer together and figure out a way to drive value for customers and improve bottom line profitability.
Doyle R. Simons: You know Collin it's hard to tell yet. I mean we're only into the -- through the month of January and as you know the look back will be roughly 90 days. So, hard to determine yet if there's been a significant change in the Canadian activity. As you know Canadian activity was up significantly in 2016 and we'll be watching how that plays in 2017. A lot of rumors floating around as to what may or may not happen but too early to tell what changes if any the Canadians maybe taking as we move into 2017 in the potential look back period.
Doyle R. Simons: Well Collin what I would tell you is as we continue to learn more about our real estate operation and what the opportunity is there, we continue to be encouraged by the AVO process and what that is unveiling. So we are confident that, that number will be over $250 million for 2017.
Doyle R. Simons: So Gail we continue to be encouraged about what we see in the export markets. Let's start with Japan as you know that's our biggest market. So as we said earlier prices were up in fact in the fourth quarter which was encouraging. Volumes were down but that was due to seasonality and frankly some of the timing of our shipments and how the ships played out that were going to Japan. In the first quarter in line with your point we do anticipate volumes will be up. And our best guess right now is flat pricing but we continue to be encouraged by what we see out of Japan. Housing market activity was up 8% roughly through the month of November which is the last data point that we have. As we look to China encouraging there as well. As you know log inventories continued to be at normal levels, pricing was in fact up in the fourth quarter. Volume again was down seasonally and as we move into the first quarter continuing to anticipate good demand out of China and we anticipate volumes up in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, I would say customer log inventories in the West are kind of towards the low end of normal as we as we move into the year. And I would say in the South they are kind of at normalized levels in terms of where you would have seen log inventories historically. 
Doyle R. Simons: You know our take is the first and second quarter we would anticipate pricing to be essentially flat. We do think there's the possibility of slight improvements in pricing as we move to the second half of the year and then as we look further out than that we continue to be quite optimistic about the improvement in Southern log prices. As housing continues to improve that will drive demand. As you also know there are significant projects that are being built and will be coming online in 2017 and 2018 type timeframe that we think that's going to drive 12 million to 13 million green tons of additional demand.  And then of course a big component of this will be what happens with Canada and we think either as a result of hopefully a negotiated agreement which will result in a quota or the duties that that will have an impact on the amount of lumber that is coming in from Canada which will result in more demand on Southern saw logs. So all those factors we are encouraged by what we see there and like I said are hopeful that we'll see some slight improvement in the second half of this year but more importantly as we move into 2018 and beyond. We think we're going to see some pricing power as a result. 
Doyle R. Simons: But a lot of these changes to the markets we're doing a lot of work on it but it's still too early to know exactly how these will play out under this administration. But a lot of moving parts that could have frankly potential benefits for our company going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: At this point that is generally fair. More work to be done and more specifics to be learned but I think to your point if anything it should be a net positive for our company and the U.S. industry.
Doyle R. Simons: And so it's good question, Chip. So, what we -- when we started this process as you were recalling as you highlighted two or three years ago, a lot of the improvements were non-capital improvements because our take was show -- these mills needed to show that they could make operational excellence improvements without capital. And then if they could do that then they earned the right to capital to further drive down the cost structure. So we initially said okay let's do this without capital. Once you show that and you earn the right to capital which will further drive down the overall structure of our mills set. So as you said we've made good progress. There's still more work to be done but we now have confidence Chip as we put in this capital that we will in fact continue to deliver on these OPEX improvements and more importantly than that continue to drive down the overall cost structure of our mail system where we will in the current upturn that we're in outperform the competition. And when things do eventually roll over, which we think was many years from now we will be back at the bottom. Now with that said Chip I don't want to give you the sense that this $300 million of capital is going to be the level forever. We think there's a couple more years of spending at this level to get our mills fully positioned to where they need to be from a cost perspective and then you would see capital fall off to a more normalized level in the $200 million to $250 million range.
Doyle R. Simons: Chip, what I would tell you -- I think timberland markets do continue to be strong and we see that over and over especially for high quality timberland there's a lot of interest in its investment class and for high quality timberlands there's a lot of interested buyers both domestic buyers and frankly international buyers starting to show up. So as these TMOs do mature and that is happening some of them you see being extended due to performance. Some of them you see trading back and forth but a lot of interest in continued in this asset class and like I said any process that is being run and there are some being run and we participate in just about all of those. There are a number of interested parties who are part of that
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah Chip, so as we mentioned at our Investor Day kind of over 90% of our business assets is in timberlands and as you have just highlighted a significantly improved cost structure for wood products. Our go forward cash flow will be much more stable and that's intentional. We're in the process of discussing the payout ratio with our Board and we will update you when those conversations are complete. But we think there is the opportunity to increase the payout ratio as we look forward.  In terms of a dividend increase, as we have consistently said for the past few years we are committed to a sustainable and growing dividend. As we look into 2017 we're clearly going to benefit from cost and operational synergies, continued OPEX improvements, and as we've talked about this morning stronger housing markets. So, all those things will be factored in as we work with our Board on decisions regarding our dividend. 
Doyle R. Simons: So, on the second part of your question, clearly higher natural gas and oil prices will benefit our Energy and Natural Resources segment. We have a lot more leverage to natural gas and forever rough numbers just to give you a sense, every dollar improvement in natural gas, $5 million to our bottom line all else being equal. But as you would also anticipate when pricing increases that also gives you the opportunity to go lease more. Don’t have quite that type of leverage to oil but as oil prices continue to improve there will be more opportunity from a leasing perspective.  In terms of commodity price push we're starting to see a little bit of that not big numbers at this point but that -- turning to that, that is why OPEX is so important as we are at some point going to see some cost push and a big part of our operational excellence efforts are to make sure we are doing things that offset that or frankly more than offset that so that the benefits we see from our increased pricing and volume fall directly to the bottom line. 
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, as you said the strong U.S. dollar continues to be a headwind for us. All other currencies that are important to us weaken versus the U.S. dollar after the election. Some of them has strengthened slightly this December but they overall net-net remain weaker than where they were at the end of the third quarter. In Japan as you said the risk there is the strong U.S. dollar pressures. Prices our customers products compete with lower cost lumber imports from Europe but as I said earlier despite all that we continued to have good demand for our logs into Japan and we actually saw some fall off in the imports that were coming in from Europe during that time period. So net-net while it's not positive we work through that and continue to have good demand from our Japanese customers and part of that is built on the long-term relationship and unique relationship we have with our customer base in Japan.
Doyle R. Simons: I would say the biggest difference in timberlands versus where we were the first two or three years are the additional opportunities that have been presented as a result of combining. Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek. So a portion of the $42 million that we got in 2016 was due to those operational synergies, the ability to rebalance wood flows, to minimize cost, and increase realization, optimize the silviculture practice cost based on our larger scale. And then frankly just best practices in harvesting and transportation both again as a result of scale but maybe even more importantly learning from each other. There were some things that Weyerhaeuser and when we got in there looked at it did better and lower costs than Plum Creek and there were some things that Plum Creek did.  So as we move forward while we're confident in having what I would say were a fairly significant targets 40 million to 50 million in 2017 and I would anticipate a similar number in 2018 are because of the opportunities that have been created by combining these two companies taking best practices, taking advantage of the larger scale both from ability to service customers, rebalance wood flows, and drive down the overall cost structure of our timberlands operations. So really excited about that and I can tell our folks are really excited about it as they almost on a daily basis find additional opportunities for OPEX as a result of the combination.
Doyle R. Simons: So as I mentioned earlier in my comments, the first and second quarter are pretty kind of low volume of sales and so we're guiding for lower amount in fourth quarter. Real estate sales can be a little lumpy, it depends on the character of the transactions and so it's a little difficult to predict. And then the second half we'll see it will pick up. So, that's pretty much the pattern we would expect pretty low in the first and second quarter and then picking up in the third quarter and then a lot of closings really occurring in the fourth quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: You know Mark, I’ll tell you that right now our focus, what I like to say number one, two, and three is continuing to make sure we fully capitalize on the value that we can create by combining Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek and driving the synergies and other benefits to the bottom line. So that's what we are primarily focused on. As we continue to work through that, and as I like to say earn the right to continue to grow we will be looking at Timberland acquisitions to potentially grow our company. With that said with the scale we have and diversity of geography we have we don't have to grow so we can be very disciplined as we move forward.  In terms of South versus the West we're basically like both of those markets and would look so it's not a waiting more to one than the other. We both -- we like both the South and the West and would look to potentially growing both of those as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Good question Mark and there are a lot of various regulations, potential regulations regarding that. I can tell you we’re doing an immense amount of work on that front. We've got a really good technology group that is looking for different applications that you can put on engineered wood products that will in fact extend what's called the burn through test, extend that and as a result of that meet any additional requirements that may be put forth from that. So again a lot of work being done on that, very encouraged about what we've seen so far in the test that we're running and think we will be well positioned as we go forward in EWP.
Doyle R. Simons: No, it's clearly state by state that's the way these things work. Again a lot of uncertainty regarding exactly what that may look like and what the timing may be. But we've been on top of it and feel good about the opportunities to deal with this on a go forward basis.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah Mark, I do think there is the opportunity for price improvement in EWP as we move through 2017. 
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, I think it's going to take a little bit of time Paul to get the appointments in place and approved and get up to speed. So I can't tell you exactly when negotiations will start again. But it's going to take a little bit of time. In terms of the U.S. coalition a lot of work continues to be done just to -- so we don't lose any momentum during this period of time. I think the U.S. coalition are all on the same page and like I said are hopeful of a negotiated settlement as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Alright, thank you. So as I understand it that was our final question. I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And as always really appreciate your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Take care. 
Russell S. Hagen: Sure Anthony, this is Russell. So as you know the real estate business is a little lumpy but getting through our AVO process in the South, and as Doyle indicated, we're starting to work through to bring some of that AVO work to market. So we identified the 500,000 acres and now we're starting to bring a portion of that into the marketplace. I would expect the activity to be weighted a bit to the South. We still have opportunities in North obviously and we will be looking at that. As we get through the AVO process in the West, we'll start looking at what opportunities there are to bring that to market. And as far as demand for the rural real estate, the South definitely has continued demand. There's a really strong recreational buyer activity in the South. We do have demand in the North obviously but it is a little different buyer, and it's more of a small plot, small timberland plot-type ownership. But we see good strong demand in the South for recreational properties.
Russell S. Hagen: Sure, so the pension liability or the pension – the funded liability was down $383 million and as far as the pension expense it did increase. And that's really a function of a couple of things. Well, the first is the return on the pension assets, so we did decrease our rate down from 9% to 8%, and then we have additional amortization pension loss. So that's really driving the increase. And that total on an unallocated basis is $100 million. And as far as the funding, you know, the funding requirements are really prescribed by GAAP funding and then IRS funding. So we don't have any funding requirements in 2017.
Russell S. Hagen: So Collin this is Russell, as far as the 1031 program you're correct, Weyerhaeuser had used that in the past and that was primarily because they were in the built in gains period. So now that they're out of the built in gains period so on a combined basis rather built in gains period it’s really not a tool that we would use going forward in a meaningful way.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah, this is Russell. So as we've gone through an AVO process part of that is also to identify any kind of small development projects and Weyerhaeuser had done some small development activities really around and tied it with maybe some minimal infrastructure type investment. As we went through the portfolio, given the change in our strategy as it relates to development, we chose to move those into an HPU [ph] category and sell through those a little quicker. And because of that we took the impairment against those assets but so very small properties -- properties and we don't expect to have any material impairments going forward in future.
Russell S. Hagen: Mark, I would tell you that our sense is inventories for lumber and OSB are pretty thin. I would say it is on below normal levels and that seems to be how our customers are running their business but I would say inventories are latent. 
Russell S. Hagen: Hey Mike, this is Russell. As far as the border tax adjustment we've kind of looked at the implications of that. But as Doyle mentioned given we have relatively low volumes coming in from the Canadian operations into the U.S. we're primarily a domestic producer and sell into the domestic markets. We don't think it would have a material impact on our operations or in fact on us. 
Russell S. Hagen: I mean yes, that could be a factor and the amount of volume that comes down from Canada I would say that's a possibility.
Russell S. Hagen: So this is Russell. As far as the $14 million LIFO adjustment that was a combination of LIFO and profit elimination and that was really a function of increasing inventories at year end. Then also bringing on some of the Montana inventories that were legacy to Plum Creek and so we increased log inventories particularly in those regions for anticipating when to break up. So it's really just an increase in inventory versus the driver for the LIFO on profit elimination. As Doyle mentioned we're on track to capture our synergy targets 125 million by the end of the first quarter and then we are on track to capture the additional $35 million of CS training costs by the end of 2017 and we're making good progress on both those accounts.
Russell S. Hagen: And Mark in terms of the value from the different components is really it is depending on as you very well know there's different value components in the North. It tend to be lower per acre South than that and then of course the West even higher than that on a per acre basis. So it's really just going to depend on what the mix is and as Russell said at least initially it will be more weighted to the South than the West and then as we move to the West as we complete our AVO process that will factor in on the per acre value.
Russell S. Hagen: Hey Mike, this is Russell. Pardon me, yes thanks for the qualification. If that were the case we would have minimal tax impacts on that transaction.
