Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Russell. I will wrap up this morning with some brief comments on integration, synergy and SG&A. We continue to make strong progress on merger integration. I'm encouraged about the teamwork I see among employees at all levels as we work together to service our customers, identify best practices and implement improved processes for our merged company. We have fully identified the sources of the $100 million of hard dollar cost synergies. As of the end of the second quarter, we are capturing about one-third of these reductions on a run rate basis. I'm highly confident we will reach our $100 million run rate cost synergy target by the end of year one. In addition to capturing merger synergies, we must address the $35 million of corporate costs, formerly allocated to the Cellulose Fiber segment. To ensure our businesses remain competitive, we will eliminate these costs just as we did following the divestiture of our Home Building business. We have been planning for the reductions as part of the strategic review process, and anticipate eliminating these costs within 12 months after closing the International Paper transaction. In closing, I will mention that the move to our new Seattle headquarters remains on track for mid-September. I'm also pleased to announce that we will be holding an Investor Day in New York on Tuesday, December 13. We will send out the details in a press release later this morning. At that meeting, we will provide specific updates on progress against the key targets for our merged company, and you will have an opportunity to hear firsthand from each of our business leaders about their key initiatives as we work together to drive superior value for our shareholders. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Now, Anthony, what we're seeing is if you take it – and you're thinking about it exactly right on what I'd like to say, an apples-to-apples basis, prices we anticipate will be essentially flat in the third quarter versus the second quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. Anthony, and the question, and we've all talked about it is as what is the inflection point where you see significant improvement in pricing. And we remain confident, as housing continues to improve as you said, as additional lumber capacity comes online in the South we remain confident we're going to hit that inflection point based on where supply and demand reach equilibrium. And at that point, well, we believe we'll start to see Southern log prices begin to return to the levels they were prior to the recession. However, we don't think we're going to see that in the third quarter. We're set to wait as we move forward to hit that inflection point.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So for the year, Anthony, overall, we're running our facilities close to 95%, 96% 97% operating rate due to these good markets. So, you always have a percent or two of Creek (25:46), but we don't anticipate adding any significant capacity in the near term. Columbia Falls net-net, you will have lower capacity but higher profitability. As we stated when we announced that, the reason for that move was to align the available fiber with the productive capacity, and by doing this, we are able to run the remaining mills full out with additional shifts, which will ensure the long-term success of our Montana operations and improve the overall profitability of our Montana operations on a go-forward basis.
Doyle R. Simons: In terms of cost pressures, George, at this point in time, we don't see any significant cost pressures now. It all runs up, you clearly would have some freight cost pressures and people continue to anticipate that happening at some point, but in the near term, don't see any significant cost pressure. We'd love to see some cost pressure from a log perspective, but not seeing that as we just referenced in the near term.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, what I would say from a pricing perspective, a big part of that slight downward pressure we've seen is just having to do with mix. As we move forward, George, I would say that there are some price increases. Or a price increase that will be playing out in the West, but a portion of that price increase will be offset by some pricing pressure in the East as you have the dealer consolidation and all the different things that are happening from a customer perspective overall. But going forward, we would anticipate prices would be flat to maybe up slightly.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, George. And the way we look at these cost reductions is pretty straightforward. We say, what was the SG&A and R&D for both combined companies in 2015, and as we said, our goal, and we're confident in reaching that goal, it's about the first quarter of 2017, we will be at that run rate. So, we're modeled – we're as you would anticipate, George, we're on top of that. We know exactly where we are. We've identified the source of those synergies, and we're starting to realize some of it, more to come as we run through the balance of this year and into early next year. But that's the way we're monitoring it to make sure it does, to your point, in fact, show up on the bottom-line.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. And as you know, we are very actively involved with and aligned with the position of the US Coalition, and there is an ongoing dialogue between the Coalition and our US Trade representative. I do believe participants send from both sides are interested in a resolution. And I'm frankly encouraged the governments – each of the governments are continuing to have discussions. As you know, this is a really important issue for Weyerhaeuser, and we remain hopeful that an agreement can be reached prior to the deadline. But we're prepared to move forward if that doesn't happen in follow trade days (31:21). That's kind of where we are.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, it's correct. We did lower our CapEx spend. We brought it down a little bit on the Timberlands side as we look at the combined operations for the Plum Creek and Weyerhaeuser. We've just refined that number as we move into the second half of the year.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So, Collin, as we look at the third quarter, we'd expect the third quarter to be pretty similar to the second quarter. And then again, as we bring more of the AVO (32:27) properties into the market and we started ramping up that program, you would expect the fourth quarter to really increase probably double the third quarter volume.
Doyle R. Simons: So, Mark, what I would tell you is, as you would anticipate, we're spending a lot of time updating our strategic harvest plans for the combined land base. So, we're right in the midst of that, so we'll give you some – in the future, we'll give you some look at how we think that'll play out in the time horizon that you just laid out. We're right in the middle of that process currently.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So, Japan has been interesting in terms of how this consumption taxes has played out in the second quarter. As we talked about, the volume s down due to the latest consumption tax and prices decline. In the third quarter, Mark, our best guess is that volumes will be kind of flattish. And prices could be down slightly again as consumption tax plays out and also from the competition from the European laminators due to the strong dollar. And then as we look in our crystal ball and the crystal ball isn't always right, but as we look in our crystal ball for the fourth quarter, we would expect some rebound in prices in both Japan and China. That's kind of how we see it playing out.
Doyle R. Simons: There's no doubt, Mark, that that is an important component of getting the SLA right on a go-forward basis.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Mark, as you know, we have an ongoing – a game plan to – that we've shared with you and others about the capital that we'll be spending in our Wood Products operation on a go-forward basis to make sure we're positioned well, to fully capitalize on the upturn and get our costs to where they need to be. So, spending capital in our Wood Products operation at about the $300 million level that we've done over a past year or two, we think is going to be the right level, at least in the near term going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. Chip, I would say, at least from our standpoint, it's in the not likely category. We have not seen what you're referencing and don't think additional capacity or additional capabilities are going to be available in Eastern Canada.
Doyle R. Simons: And Mark, as you referenced the share repurchase – we have, as we said, we were going to do it on an accelerated basis. We've essentially completed the $2 billion in, I guess, less than six months and did it in what we think has been a attractive value from our shareholder perspective of less than $29.50 per share. So, pleased with the progress that we've made on the share repurchase.
Doyle R. Simons: I think that is a component of what has happened on the log pricing. Small land owners, you never exactly what motivates them or when they bring things to market. But clearly there, we have seen some of that happening over the past year or two.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So, you're exactly right, Gail. What we've said is that the authorization for the $2.5 billion, if we will do $2 billion on an accelerated basis, and as I just mentioned, we have essentially completed that. We've also said consistently that once we do, we'll take a pause and we'll work closely with our board to determine the timing of the additional $500 million. So, that's what we'll be doing.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. We are, as you would anticipate constantly evaluating our markets and the way to grow markets. As you also know, the South is very small in terms of export market currently, but we'll continue to look at opportunities as we move forward, and we think that market will in fact develop over time.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So those are the joint venture partnerships that Plum Creek entered into. And we have been in discussions with them, and we're aware that they're seeking to do an accelerated program to divest to some of those properties. Given that's a joint venture, we treat that as equity accounting. We'll see the benefit of that as they execute on that plan.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, Mark. As you know, we're committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. 2016 is going to be very noisy as we continue to move forward and lots of moving pieces. As we look into 2017, we're going to continue to benefit from cost and operational synergies, continued OpEx improvements, strong housing market, all those types of things. We will be spending time with our board as we move forward to figure out exactly how to think about the dividend on a go-forward basis with the mix of assets that we now have with the much more stable earnings stream that comes from Timberlands and then the improvements that we've made in our Wood Products to take some of the volatility out of that, and most importantly probably to eliminate some of the downside in our Wood Products operation on a go-forward basis. So, all things that would be factoring in to what the appropriate level of our dividend is on a go-forward basis.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. Thanks everybody for joining. As indicated, that was our final question, and I'd just like to close by thanking everybody for their interest in Weyerhaeuser. Take care.
Russell S. Hagen: Collin, I don't know that number exactly off the top of my head, we'll follow up. But most of our revenue is generated out in the US, although Canada is an important part of our overall Wood Products operation. So, I'll have to get back – we'll get back with you on that.
Russell S. Hagen: As we have guided to our total year volumes, we're at about 40 million tons to 42 million tons. So, as you look at our harvest volume to-date, and then you can extrapolate out to what you think the third and fourth quarter will look like, but we don't provide specific guidance for the volumes on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Russell S. Hagen: Chip, I'm not – that $350 million is really based on their calculations and based on their models. And so, while we did see that number, you definitely want to look – we're reporting up to the point of where it's going to be out of our system. I really can't comment on how they came up with that particular number.
Russell S. Hagen: Yes. So we – there's $23 million of depreciation associated with that that was – we stopped, mid-quarter. If you looked at prior quarters, it would be about – the equivalent would be about $38 million of depreciation.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah. Mark, this is Russell. We definitely spend time at the rating agencies to make sure that they understand our deposition and our EBITDA generation. And we're very comfortable with where we're at with the rating agencies and our current investment grade rating.
Russell S. Hagen: So, Mark, this is Russell. We'll see a mix, but we may see some more Plum Creek lands coming in, in the third and fourth quarter, which will result in a little higher bases because of that step-up. As we look at the combined portfolio, obviously, we're focused on getting to the Weyerhaeuser lands through the AVO process. But in conjunction with that, we're looking at all the opportunities on the combined portfolio. And it really does provide us with a lot of optionality as far as which lands to bring to market.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah. So, Mark, we're guiding the 18% to 20% for our full year tax rate. As far as the allocation of the interest expense between the taxable REIT subsidiary and the REIT, we actually have debt that is associated with taxable REIT subsidiary. So, that's allocated and tax effected accordingly. And then, there's debt associated with the REIT assets. So, you'll get a blended rate.
