Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the third quarter is summarized on chart 13, and I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, sales realizations for export logs to Japan are expected to improve slightly, due to increased housing demand. Although China inventories have decreased from earlier in the year, they remain at above-normal levels, putting continued pressure on prices. Domestic log realizations are anticipated to increase as a result of constrained supply due to fire-related harvest restriction. Fee harvest volumes are expected to decrease accordingly. In the South, average sales, log sales realizations are anticipated to be comparable to Q2. Fee harvest volumes are expected to increase on a slightly lower grade mix as Q3 typically carries a greater percentage of thinning volume. Silviculture costs are anticipated to increase both seasonally and because some activities had to be deferred from Q2 as a result of wet weather. Earnings from non-strategic land sales are projected to be around $10 million, compared to $5 million in Q2. Overall earnings in our Timberlands segment are expected to be slightly lower in Q3, compared to Q2. Turning to Wood Products. Although, lumber and oriented strand board prices have decreased during the month of July, the average sales realizations for this month are still higher than the Q2 averages. We expect prices for both lumber and OSB to increase in the remainder of the quarter from today's level. We anticipate average sales realizations for engineered wood products in the third quarter to be comparable to the second quarter. Sales volumes are anticipated to be seasonally higher across most product lines. Western log costs are expected to be modestly higher than Q2. We will be taking some annual maintenance downtime in our engineered wood products facilities, which will negatively affect manufacturing costs for the quarter. We expect continued improvement in the results of our distribution business. Overall, we anticipate that third quarter earnings in our Wood Products segment will be higher than the second quarter, but likely lower than the third quarter of last year. Moving to the Cellulose Fibers business, global softwood pulp inventory levels decreased during the second quarter, and we were basically in balance at the end of the quarter. However, because the industry typically plans fewer maintenance outages in the third quarter, combined with uncertainty around demand from China, inventory levels could tick up leading to some softness in pulp prices in the third quarter. We expect higher sales volumes to partially offset the potential effect of lower sales realization. We anticipate substantial cost improvement in the third quarter. During the second quarter, we had 46 maintenance-related outage days. And this quarter, we have only minimal days planned. As a result, we will have lower maintenance expense and higher productivity. In addition, now that the West Coast port dispute has been resolved, we do not anticipate a repeat of the $8 million negative effect that we experienced in Q2. Overall, third quarter results in our Cellulose Fibers segment should significantly increase, compared to the second quarter and exceed the third quarter earnings of last year. Chart 10, summarizes the results of unallocated items. Before special items, total cost decreased by just over $60 million. The largest item making up this variance was foreign exchange as the Canadian dollar appreciated from approximately $0.79 at the end of the first quarter to $0.81 at the end of the second quarter. For modeling purposes, every penny in the exchange rate is roughly $4 million on a pre-tax basis. The other large item was the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. This item is difficult to predict, as it fluctuates based on the level and mix of inventory from quarter-to-quarter. However, we do not expect the change of this magnitude in the third quarter. Now, I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments, beginning with chart 11. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $366 million or an increase of $289 million, compared to the first quarter. In addition to increased earnings, large positive variances included lower working capital, and lower interest payments, compared to the first quarter. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $108 million, bringing our year-to-date expenditures to $197 million. We continue to expect total expenditures for the full year to approximate $500 million. We do not have any debt maturities until 2017 and have no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion line of credit. As detailed on chart 12, during the second quarter, we used $154 million to repurchase our common stocks. And at the end of Q2, we had approximately $90 million remaining under our existing authorization. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Patricia M. Bedient: Maybe just to add to that a little bit, as Doyle said, the fire restrictions or the fire concern happened earlier in the Pacific Northwest than normal. And people anticipated that this may happen in some of the drier conditions, as you heard us talk about in the second quarter, led many of the mills to, and I'm talking industry now, to put in a few more logs. So, we haven't seen closures of mills at this point because of out of log downtime because they still have some inventory of logs. But I think as we get into August and into the middle of August, we'll see more of that concern, as Doyle said, if we don't get more rain in the Pacific Northwest, which isn't the forecast as we sit here today. I think it'll be something that we'll see more in the month of August than we've seen thus far in July.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah. When you think about prices in the month of July, they actually came down. So, we had a little bit of rally late in the second quarter in June, and then about after the 4 of July holiday, prices started to tick back down. So, the average that Doyle was giving you for July is actually a little higher than where they would be with midweek print randomly. But we do anticipate, for all the reasons that Doyle said that those prices will be going back up.
Patricia M. Bedient: George, when we look at our – and I think Flint River is a good example of that. It was not only a factor of taking a mill down for maintenance, but we were also installing some really very beneficial equipment around energy costs. And so, it's the combination of all those things. But I think it is important to your question that as we've gone through this process, there are learnings, and I would call them only tweaks that you get from just the maintenance, which is a very important piece in our Cellulose Fibers business. So, we are capitalizing on looking at the learnings as we take a mill down and bring it back up to factor that into our maintenance going forward, and that's part of our operational excellence.
Patricia M. Bedient: You know, I think it really is just the factors that Doyle went through. We've had weaker demand from Asia, which impacts the exports that come out of Canada. We've had some changes in currency that put some headwinds there. And then I think, notwithstanding the fact that housing has been ticking up of late in terms of people have reiterated their full-year guidance for the year. The first half was a little disappointing in terms of where we thought things would be. So, as we look at housing for the second half, our guidance really hasn't changed. And since we didn't have a great response in the first half, that would bode for the second half being better. But as Doyle said, we'll have to wait and see. There's just a lot of moving parts out there with all of this, so.
Patricia M. Bedient: We really don't have a range for next year that we would give in terms of guidance at this point, Tyler. We'll do that as we approach year-end. But one thing that I would say about the projects that we're putting in, and the $500 million is a little higher than where we've been historically. But we've got some great Wood Products projects that are underway that I think will pay additional dividends as we look at bringing our costs down across that system. So, really excited about the projects that we are spending that money on, but a little too soon to tell you exactly what we'd be doing for next year.
Patricia M. Bedient: As we look at that, Steve, we'll just have to see how that actually plays out in terms of what the final resolution will be. So, difficult for us really to tell what that result is.
Patricia M. Bedient: It is something that we have tracked, but it's not something that I would say we have a comment that we'd make about in terms of ports at this point.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, they are correlated because they all come from the same geographies. There is a different mix however, as you think about what we would send exports, for example to Japan versus the grade that our domestic sawmills would use. So, directionally, they usually do track but they will not be similar absolute pricing because of the grade mix.
Patricia M. Bedient: You're probably just a little optimistic there, Collin. If you kind of think about guidance for the Cellulose Fibers business, we were at $27 million, I believe, in the second quarter. We've got 46 days in the second quarter and, probably, less than a handful in the third quarter. So, between the maintenance expense and better productivity as we run more days, I would say that's probably going to be around just to give you some sense around the $45-ish million number. We said we will have likely lower realizations. But I would expect that to be offset by some higher volumes as well as some additional potential for cost improvement in other ways. So, I think that will help you get a little bit in the ZIP code. I think $90 million – love to have $90 million, but that might be a little optimistic at this point.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah, I think you would think about $500 million as being closer to the high watermark, Collin. I don't think we'd be looking at something that's significantly above that. I think last year in 2014, we were around in the $400 million, maybe $450 million. So, we have ramped that up a little bit. But I wouldn't see us being significantly above $500 million for 2016.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty. The housing market continues to gather momentum and building activity is increasing, although, it has come this year in fits and starts. Looking forward, we are well positioned to capitalize on its improvement. And we remain relentlessly focused on driving value for shareholders through operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. Now, with that, I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Mark, it's a combination of those factors. As I mentioned in my prepared comments and talking to customers, they continue to be very optimistic about housing activity. In fact, I was talking to Adrian Blocker just this morning. He was with customers as recently as yesterday, and just very optimistic about activity out there. In addition, in terms of inventories, as you mentioned, I would tell you inventories are fairly lean at this point in time. So, I think what's happened is there's been a confluence of events from the supply side, Mark, as you're very well aware of in terms of the Canadian dollar, and that's resulted in additional volume coming into the U.S. The weakness in the export – Asian export markets has resulted in an increase coming in to the U.S. That, at a time when we had a delay in the spring building season, all resulted in prices having some pressure on them. I think as demand continues to improve, supply and demand will get back in balance, and hopefully, we will see some improvement in lumber and OSB prices as we move through the balance of the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, in terms of the softwood lumber agreement, as we've said previously, this is an important issue to Weyerhaeuser. There's a council of industry leaders that are discussing options for renewing the agreement and Weyerhaeuser is actively participating in those discussions. And we're very hopeful that we can reach an agreement and avoid trade litigation going forward. In terms of the implications, if it runs out in October, Mark, there's two trains of thought. One is that when that occurs, that additional supply comes on from Canada because there won't be any tariffs in place. But there is also the thought that that will not occur because of the implications that it could potentially have in trade litigations down the road. So, don't know how to play out. And again, two different trains of thought, and we'll just have to see what happens if we're not able to get a resolution in place prior to that which I think everybody is working towards.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, both important issues, and let me address each of those. In terms of export markets, let me break it down by market. In Japan, we saw prices bottom in June and prices have started to move up in July. And this has been due to the improved Japanese housing demand. And to your second question, I'll get into more details on this in just a minute, the lower log supply due to – primarily due to fire restrictions. In terms of what we're seeing in China, the log takeaway from Chinese ports picked up in the second quarter, but remains at relatively low levels. Log inventories – I mean, log inventories moved down to about 3.8 million cubic meters in the second quarter, but has since climbed back up just above 4 million cubic meters. And I can tell you the softwood log imports from all regions into China are down, but as I said, the inventories remain high and we think there continue to be pressure in China in terms of pricing. Related to that in domestic markets in the West, we think domestic prices are going to rise due to the fire season. And our volumes, as Patty mentioned, our harvest volumes are projected to be down in the third quarter versus the second because of the fire restrictions. Now, let me turn to the current fire situation. And I can tell you just drive around the Pacific Northwest, it's dry out there. It almost looks like you're in Arizona as opposed to the normally wet Pacific Northwest. In terms of what's happening, the fire season started earlier this year and at least at this point, it looks like it's going to last longer than normal. If you look at the level of rainfall, it's one of the lowest levels in the last 70 years. And I can tell you most Western acres are currently under either what's called level 2, level 3 or level 4 fire restrictions. These are restrictions that are put on placed by outside regulators. Just to give you a sense, level 2 requires most operations to cease by 1 PM. Level 3 requires all operations to cease by 1 PM and further restricts certain harvest activity such as using power saws and cables, cable yarding at all times. And then level 4 restrictions are complete ban on entry to the forest. Just a couple of days ago in Oregon, a level 4 restriction was put in place in portions of Oregon. There's not been a level 4 restriction in place since 1988, just to put it in context. And that restriction impacts about 15% of our Western Timberlands. Now, that can change overnight if we get some rain or temperatures cool down and all those things. But that is the current state. And to your question, we do anticipate lower harvest in the third quarter versus the second as a result of these fire restrictions and we'll continue to monitor them and see how they play out going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: And so I would say overall, when you step back, Anthony, the amount of activity still is generally low in the South and the West. As you mentioned, there were some facts that came on, became available in the first half of the year. I would say, most of those have some unique challenges that people will have to work through in terms of how they're going to value those. I would say, we expect more activity in the second half of the year, and I can tell you there's still a lot of money chasing deals. So no, I don't see any downward pressure on timberland prices at this point in time. In terms of Weyerhaeuser specifically, as we've consistently said we're always looking to grow our timberland, but we will continue to be very disciplined and make sure any acquisition that we make meets our appropriate level of returns and drives value for our shareholder. So, we look at everything that comes across, or most everything that comes across. And we are interested in growing but we'll continue to be disciplined.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. As we alluded to, tariffs are scheduled to go down from 15% to 5% in August. We don't anticipate that that's going to have a big impact on the supply side of the equation but I guess we'll just have to watch it together. But our sense is that it hasn't been a, the 15%, even with the 15% we've seen, we continued to see supply come in from Canada so we don't see, we don't anticipate a significant change when the tariff changes on a monthly basis.
Doyle R. Simons: It takes a little bit of time for that to flow through, Gail, but I don't think there's any doubt that there is tightness in the market. And that's just going to increase as these fire restrictions continue. So, as we said, as Patty said and I alluded to, both in Japan and in western domestic, we anticipate prices increasing in the third quarter versus the second. And we're starting to see signs of that.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, so in terms of capital allocation, first and foremost, our number one priority is returning cash to shareholders. As we've said, that's primarily going to be through a growing and sustainable dividend. In addition, we'll look to use share repurchase as a tool where appropriate. As we look forward, we'll continue to work with our board regarding our dividend. I can tell you, as you know, we've constantly raised our dividend over the past few years. And as I said, we'll work with our board to determine the appropriate dividend level going forward. In terms of share repurchase, as you said, we are approaching the completion of our $700 million authorization, and we'll work with the board on that issue going forward. As we've also said, we think long term the appropriate level of cash on our balance sheet is somewhere in the $300 million to $500 million range, and we are significantly above that at this time.
Doyle R. Simons: I think the board looks at lots of factors in determining the appropriate balance between dividends and share repurchase. And that clearly would be a factor that the board would in fact consider.
Doyle R. Simons: I'm sorry. I might have to ask you to repeat the question. You're cutting out a little bit on our end.
Doyle R. Simons: So, in terms of lumber, we were encouraged by the margins this quarter. And I think what you saw there is a combination of OpEx efforts and lower log cost that pretty much are almost – completely offset the decline in prices in the quarter. So, we're continuing to make progress on our OpEx, and that is showing up in our bottom line. And we saw some of the benefit of that in the second quarter
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So we have 300,000 acres of timberlands in Uruguay. It's about half pine and about half eucalyptus. I was down there not too long ago, and very fertile ground and the trees grow very quickly. So, it's been – we don't have many mature trees at this point. It's still fairly early in the rotation and we're spending a lot of time figuring out exactly the best way to monetize those trees through manufacturing going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. Thanks for your comment, Chip. And we are pleased with the progress that we've made in EWP. But we still have more work to do. But the key three – three key drivers that we've seen to get us to where we are today is continuing to reduce our controllable manufacturing costs through OpEx, some lower SG&A cost and then growing profitable sales. So, to your question, we are absolutely very pleased, our team they have done a really nice job. But we're not taking our foot off the accelerator. We're going to continue to do things to improve that business going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. It clearly has further to go, Chip, versus EWP. So, we are making a progress there. But frankly, we're behind schedule. I can tell you a portion of that was primarily due to some adverse weather we had in some of our key markets like Texas and Denver. But get to our OpEx goals for the quarter, we're going to have to hustle. We're going to have to have good execution in the second half of the year. And we're well positioned to capitalize on markets as they continue to improve. But clearly, we're not as far along in distribution as we are in EWP and still have some work to do.
Doyle R. Simons: George, where we are currently is – prices are up. So, quarter-to-date, prices are up versus the second quarter average. So, lumber prices for us are up roughly $10 versus the second quarter average. And OSB prices are up roughly $5. As Patty said in her comments, we anticipate prices will move up from this point forward, but we'll all watch that together. But because of the reasons I've said earlier, primarily driven by improving demand is our best guess and it is a guess, but it's our best guess that we'll see prices move up for the – somewhat for the balance of the quarter versus where they are today. But we are currently higher than where – than the second quarter average.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So, as you said, George, our goal is just as we say around here, be black at the bottom and that's the cost structure that we're putting in place in our Wood Products facilities. We've made progress but we've still got work to do. We've laid out specific OpEx targets. And like I said, we're making good progress on those, but by the end of this year, we'll met our 2015 targets but we've still got additional work that needs to be done over the next two to three years to get our cost structure where ultimately it needs to be, to be black at the bottom, fully capitalized on the this upturn and maybe most importantly outperform our competitors on an ongoing basis going forward. So, progress made, still lots of work to do.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you. So, George, I would tell you that the 18 month outage plan has been a success for us. When you take mills down, it can be difficult to bring them back up. We saw that in the first quarter as we talked about. But that occurs whether it's down over 12 months or down every 18 month. So, we are encouraged by the progress we're making on the 18 months schedule and we think that has been a net benefit to our company and to our shareholders.
Doyle R. Simons: You know I wouldn't say there is no difference, George, but you still got to take – as you and I talked about last quarter, taking these mills down and starting them back up, there is always challenges associated with that, and it may be a little more challenging if it's 18 versus 12, but we haven't seen anything systematic or systemic that makes it harder. You just got unique challenges with each one of these mills as you take them down and bring them back up. And some of them go really, really well. And some of ours have gone well and some of them, you have challenges.
Doyle R. Simons: Tyler, we still anticipate that southern prices will be up kind of in line with what they've been up over the past couple of years, which would be somewhere in the 2% to 3% range year-over-year.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as we've said before, we are looking to grow our Timberland. We think our biggest opportunities will be domestic whether it'd be in the South or the Pacific Northwest. We'll also continue to look internationally but we're going to make sure that we appropriately risk adjust any acquisition that we would make internationally. So, that's kind of generally the way we think about it. Currencies don't move up. Currency is going to move down. So, we won't overemphasize that in any decision we may make versus acquisitions.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, Collin, there is nothing that should be read into that. That's just where it ended up for the quarter under our program and we'll continue to report on a quarterly basis our progress going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, Collin on – I mean Paul on your first point on OpEx, we're encouraged by the progress we've made there. Still more work to do. In terms of opportunities to grow our portfolio going forward. We've consistently said, I think now, over the last couple of years, that we think our biggest opportunity to grow will be in Timberlands. But we would look at growing other parts of our company as well, if we can find appropriate growth opportunities that meet our hurdle requirements and drive value for shareholders. So, that's generally how we think about growth going forward. The beauty of it is we don't have to grow to be successful. But if we – so we can be very disciplined, we have been and will continue to be. But if we can find the appropriate opportunities to grow this company, that's absolutely something we'll look to do to drive value for our shareholders going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: As I understand it, that was our final question. And I would just like to thank, everybody, for joining us this morning for our call. And more importantly, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a good day.
