Larry Burrows: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. I am proud of the successful execution that has enabled RECO to be profitable for the second consecutive quarter. RECO generated a $27 million contribution to pretax earnings in the second quarter of 2010. This represents a significant improvement over the second quarter of 2009 when we lost $50 million, including a $14 million loss in single-family operations. We made considerable progress on the single-family front, higher-than-planned closings and improved margins enabled our single-family Homebuilding operations to earn $14 million in the second quarter. We supplemented these earnings with $13 million from the sale of land and lots, as we executed our strategy of opportunistically and profitably selling land to land-light builders. Our improved performance is the result of the many actions we have taken as I have outlined in past calls. Reducing SG&A, lowering cost of goods sold, repositioning communities and introducing smaller and less expensive product, as well as managing our standing inventory. We continue to leverage these improvements particularly in the face of deteriorating market conditions, as we experienced during the latter half of the second quarter. Overall, our housing markets remain unsettled, with low consumer confidence and high unemployment outweighing attractive mortgage rates and record affordability. Continued foreclosures, short sales and the building shadow inventory of delinquent loans are placing downward pressure on new home sales prices. The second quarter’s traditionally the height of the selling season when we build a backlog of homes to be closed later in the year. This momentum did not materialize in the quarter, suggesting that the spring selling season may have concluded early upon the expiration of the Federal Tax Credit. As illustrated in the key indicators' table on Chart 9, sales declined 21% in the second quarter of 2010 compared to the first on 26% lower traffic, and our backlog of homes sold, but not closed, declined by 134 units. With respect to specific RECO markets, San Diego remains active across all price points, and our local value propositions continues to resonate well in that market. Washington, D.C. also remains strong, with market activity focused on closer-run communities. The Houston market is now softening due to concerns about employment prospects within the aerospace and extraction industries. Las Vegas and Los Angeles remain weak, Puget Sound and Phoenix have softened modestly since the first quarter and though the Inland Empire as a whole remains challenged our positioning has helped us to perform well in that market. Fundamental to RECO success is our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, adjusting our offerings market by market to serve demand better. During our May Investors Meeting, I highlighted several examples of our local agility, and we continue to advance those products. Our Living Smart product, which we recently introduced in the Inland Empire has a starting price in the high $100,000s. This offering has been highly successful, and we have adapted it for introduction in the Las Vegas market. Virtually every existing and new community contains freshly designed and value-engineered product targeted to evolving market tastes. I'm pleased with RECO’s second quarter accomplishments. I believe we are well positioned to adjust to the more challenging market the third quarter may bring. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the quarter.
Larry Burrows: Yes, Mark, I think it was a combination of factors. Mix certainly helped, but also it’s beginning to be, we're beginning to feel the impact or the benefit of some of the actions that we've been taking over the last couple of years and so a lot of things that had to do with our construction hard costs, how we reposition communities, introducing new product, combination of those factors have helped in that regard.
Larry Burrows: Not necessarily. We look at being able to manage our material costs all the time, and then while, obviously, there may have been some elements of it that increased in that quarter, there are others that went down. And so I think generally we would have ended up with a little bit lower cost in the second quarter.
Larry Burrows: I think a couple of things happened. We saw mix had to do with a good part of it, and so a little heavier in some of the San Diego, Houston did well to a lesser extent, DC, and then we also had improved margins. And we also got some additional closings and some of that may have had to do with the June, or at least initially the June 30 closing date that was the expectation for customers to be able to qualify for that first-time tax credit.
Larry Burrows: Well, I think that the markets are, as we said, challenged, but we do feel okay about what the visibility that we have, yes.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Now we're ready to address your questions and comments. And I’ll ask Kathy to open up the call.
Daniel Fulton: Well, as we looked at it, we saw substantial improvement in all of our volume in going to both China, Japan and Korea in Q2. The comment I was specifically referring to was for China and Korea as other producers are looking for outlets for their volumes compared to the domestic alternative.
Daniel Fulton: Those other producers are North America, as well as New Zealand and as well as other producing companies.
Daniel Fulton: Well, Chris, the log prices do have a strong dependency on what happens on the Wood Products markets. If you look year-over-year, we've seen tremendous improvement in our log realizations as Wood Products markets have improved as well. And it is impacted domestically depending on how our customers are doing in terms of their ability to pay for the raw material. So that's another reason why we not only make sure that we do a great job in marketing our material in domestic U.S., but we also maintain great international presence in export markets as well.
Daniel Fulton: Sure. And actually, when we look at lumbers and panels, both in the market as well as with us, we did well in Q2. We were extremely encouraged by our performance of our Panel segment this quarter. With the improved commodity prices, we had a good boost to performance in those markets, and it went well. Our Lumber segment also performed well despite having rapidly falling products as I mentioned from mid-May to the end of June. And we did take some downtime, which impacted our costs so that we were positioning our inventories for what we see as a reduced market outlook in the third quarter. Now as you mentioned, both Engineered and Distributions continue to be challenged. These are segments that are very strongly tied to housing starts and order files from dealers. And it's going to be difficult to see significant performance in those segments until we start to see some sustained recovery in housing starts. I would also note that we do have significant operations that have been curtailed and closed in that segment and not all of the costs associated with those have gone away. However, that does provide significant potential leverage as markets recover. And to your first point, is yes, distribution does get impacted by the timing and the severity of price changes in this kind of a rapid fashion.
Daniel Fulton: Well Mark, as I look back, I think you're referring to we indicated we’d be about 13 million cubic meters of harvest in this year. We’re on track for that. The other one was a potential outlook that could occur, which was based on trend. We don't forecast out exact housing starts going forward. But they certainly have to be higher than where they are today.
Daniel Fulton: Well, John (sic), again I’ll just go back and mention we don't talk about price action up or down. And I would just say going back is we have a very strong order file, we’re well positioned in the markets in which we serve with our growing set of customers, and as Patty mentioned in the outlook, we’re going to see stronger realizations. And we see strong positioning for ourselves where we are in MBSK and, of course, we’re very strong in the fluff market, which remains strong and very tight inventories and good demand. So we feel good about where we're going to be in third quarter.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Rick. Our core asset is our Timberlands, and we’re focused on growing Timberlands’ earnings, and the REIT structure supports that strategy. Our other businesses, which are held in the TRS are positioned to benefit from the recovery as we’ve talked about before, and they will generate cash flow. That cash flow will then be available to us to service our debt, to supplement our dividend and to position us for future growth, all to the benefit of our shareholders. So as we look at the portfolio, each piece has a place. And I want to focus on the fact that the core asset is our Timberlands. You know we've got over 6 million acres of some of the most valuable, sustainably-managed timberland in the world, and we're focused on growing the earnings from that segment. We believe strongly that the shift to the REIT structure will significantly enhance the opportunities that we have for Timberlands both in day-to-day operations but also in our ability to grow that asset.
Daniel Fulton: Let me just, as we close the call, I’d like to summarize key themes for the second quarter and some of the themes that we’ve talked about as we enter the third quarter. When we entered the second quarter, we had positive momentum in all of our businesses. Our Wood Products, Real Estate and Timberlands businesses capitalized on improved conditions early in the quarter. But then as we’ve spoken this morning, faced challenging conditions after the housing tax credit expired at the end of April. We reacted quickly to the slowdown in housing and effectively managed our operations through this uncertain climate, and I'm encouraged by our profitability for the quarter and the significant improvement over prior periods. As we enter the third quarter, housing activity remains at near record lows. Recovery trajectory continues to be uncertain, and Wood Products prices are back to levels seen at the beginning of the year. Business conditions in our Cellulose Fibers business continued to improve through the end of the second quarter and our earnings reflected the resulting increase in prices and with no planned maintenance in the third quarter, we're now able to return to full production and take advantage of current market conditions. As our business teams focused on improved business operations, we made great progress in moving to a REIT structure by declaring our special dividend to pay out earnings and profits. Our focus now is on completing the conversion with payment of the special dividend on September 1. And so in summary, as I look back on the quarter, we made good progress on three important fronts: Operating earnings, cash flow and REIT conversion. For everybody on the call this morning, we appreciate your attention. And we look forward to continued dialogue and your involvement, and as usual, Kathy McAuley will be available later today to help with any further questions or comments. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning.
Patrica Bedient: Yes, what will happen, George, as we’ve talked about, is that this additional share count that will be issued in September will be treated as a stock issuance, not a stock split so we will include those additional shares with no additional proceeds.
Patrica Bedient: Well, it will all run through the quarter, Chip, and we can dimension what the catch-up would be versus what it would be on a quarter basis. As you think about just the tax rate differential, we're at about 37%, 38% right now and it's probably going to be something closer to 20% for the year.
Patrica Bedient: Well, I think the way to think about the market cap if you were looking at Chart 12, for example, would be to take the total shares that are indicated there of the $517 million and if you took that times the trading price of the stock, so if you used yesterday's stock price, for example, of $16.49, you'd end up with a market cap of I think that's probably somewhere north of $8 billion. So around $8.5 billion. So that's the way really to think about the market cap. As we had talked about on the conference call in July 12, theoretically, the market cap should change by the amount of the cash portion of the dividend. So market cap decrease should be about $560 million.
Patrica Bedient: Well, I think I'll speak to the cost basis of the shares, both pre-and post dividend. In terms of the historical shares, so shares that people owned before the dividend, those shares will retain their basis that they have, there's no change. So if you own shares that you had a $50 basis in, those same shares will have a $50 basis after the special dividend issuance of stock. Now the new shares that we issue for the special dividend will have a full cost basis at the valuation at which we issue them. So if you were to look at Chart 12 then, the new shares, the 305 million new shares that would be issued, would have a cost basis of $16.49. So in our example before, your old shares would have a much higher basis than the new shares that you would get.
Patrica Bedient: Yes, I think there are a number of ways that -- options that shareholders have, individual shareholders, could look at their, depending upon what method they use, if they use an average method when they sell shares, of course, they’d have an average. But you can use a specific identification method, so you could choose to sell the shares that you had in your portfolio before the new dividend shares. And those shares will likely have a much higher basis than the new issued shares. So you would have a capital loss in that respect if you had held them for the holding period.
Patrica Bedient: Well that's a really good question, Pete. Because it really depends, in terms of what your view of the outlook is from a economic climate perspective. Historically, ourselves and probably most others in this industry and others wouldn't carry the amount of cash that they have on their balance sheets today, but the uncertainty in the economic environment certainly has led us to carry a higher cash balance. The other piece that comes into play would be what debt maturities are. And as you know, we did retire just about half of the 2012 debt maturity tower, but we still have just over $500 billion of that in 2012 as well as just under $200 million of RECO debt. So I think as we go forward, as we look at the $1.8 billion, we have some reduction in our gross debt. We also have $560 million of cash of a special dividend that we’ll be issuing in the quarter as well. So we’re balancing all of those pieces in our outlook for cash. In addition, to the renegotiation of our $1 billion line of credit that we have today, that expires at the end of 2011. So I think your cash balance is just a mix of all of those factors, but clearly the amount of cash at $1.8 billion on a go-forward basis would be higher than we normally would have.
Thomas Gideon: Actually, a major component for what happened in the second quarter was rapid declining prices as opposed to demand although both were involved. We had positive results in April and May, which was offset as you mentioned by the dramatic fall-off in prices. Put that into context, we saw prices for both OSB and lumber from May to June on the indicated prices reduced by over $100. For us, given our scale, each $10 change in lumber is a monthly impact of $3 million and each $10 change in OSB is $1.5 million. So on a monthly basis, that impact is $4 million to $5 million. So you can just imagine the impact that we have when we have dramatically falling prices. Having said that, we do look for Q3 to be closer to Q1 in view of our current prices and expected demand. We see our customers are being more deliberate and replenishing their inventories as they revise their housing starts. So at today's prices and volumes, it's going to be difficult to be cash positive for the quarter. Now we were cash positive for Q2 and we are cash positive year-to-date in Wood Products and we saw good, good returns overall in our Lumber and OSB segments for Q2, but the lower demand where it really hit was in our Engineered segments and our Distribution. So we're going to continue to do the things that we can to ensure that we’re using all the leverage to generate positive cash. But it’s difficult market conditions.
Thomas Gideon: Well it's going to be difficult as I said, if demand doesn't materialize to levels that we’d expected, we're going to continue to review our operating portfolio, we're going to ensure that our supply base and our supporting cost structure is well aligned to that demand. I would also note that in contrast, in Q1 when we had this call, we had built some working capital both in inventories as well as accounts receivable in anticipation of a better Q2. We have worked that off during the second quarter and positioned ourselves for what we see as dampening market conditions that we will see in Q3. So George, it's going to be difficult, but we're going to have the levers we think we have to do what we need to do to come as close to generating cash positive as we can.
Thomas Gideon: Chip, this is Tom. Let me take that. The maintenance cost associated with the three outages was approximately $30 million in Q2. So you can factor that into your model. And of course, as you've noted, we have very strong markets in our fluff components, and I would also say that as you look at our MBSK, we are heavily weighted towards premium towel and tissue which has held up reasonably well. And I would also indicate that we have very little transactional exposure to China. So when we put those together, as Patty mentioned, we're looking forward to increased realizations in this segment for Q3.
Thomas Gideon: Gail, as you know, it's still a relative overall-type market despite evidence of softening. With the supply disruptions are behind us and of course, China’s being very deliberate in replenishing its inventory. And as you know, they have some new local supply with their new mill at Rizhao which is bleached hardwood craft so those are some factors that are involved. On the other hand, what you have offsetting that is that industry inventories are currently very low. And as I mentioned earlier, we participate in MBSJ primarily in the premium towel and tissue, we have a very strong relationship in fluff with a few key customers who are growing. We have a very strong order file. So while there is some overall price moderation that could put some downward pressure on markets, we feel very good about our order file and about what it looks like for fluff going forward.
Thomas Gideon: Well I think you see more volatility in lumber than you do in logs. Typically, you'll see logs that will be a little bit lagging in terms of how they respond either up or down to the marketplace conditions. So it's less.
Thomas Gideon: Well again, as I mentioned, we have focused relationships with key customers, both on what I would call market pulp as well as fluff, which is our predominant sales volume. We have limited exposure in what I’ll call true commodity-type pulp and so we're not quite impacted as well as others might be by what's going on in China and elsewhere.
Thomas Gideon: Well, as you know, each company has a unique portfolio and geographic presence that contributes to their results. In Panels, I think we were fairly comparable. In Lumber, we did well but again, depending on the structure and where the geographic presence are or where the lumber producers, we could be impacted. As you would note, Canadian lumber did well. SBF, a little bit reduced in South and the West where we have our major presence. So we did well given our market presence and where we’re located.
Thomas Gideon: Sure. Headcount, we're approximately, I believe, about 6,700 in Wood Products, which as you know is down substantially from what it has been. At its peak it was closer to 14,000. In terms of sub-$1 million, as we’ve looked, again, profitability is going to be a combination of price and volume as we go forward. We saw April and May be very profitable months for us even [indiscernible 1:02:43] sub-$1 million housing starts. So as we look forward and we get closer to $1 million, we do have the cost structure that will allow us to do well. But again, you need some level of reasonable pricing along with increased demand in order to make that a fact. So as you know, we've worked very hard over the last year to reduce our cost structure. We're not finished yet. It's a never-ending battle, and we're going to continue to improve our margins by looking for ways to not only improve our sales, but also to reduce our operating cost.
Mark Weintraub: Just first a couple of questions on Wood Products. Trying to get a sense as to was there any impact from inventory losses perhaps in your Distribution business as prices were falling down rapidly and maybe as a part of that, you’d mentioned that Engineered Wood and Distribution were particularly challenging. Can you give us a sense as to how big an impact that might have been? Because one thing I just compared your profitability in building products versus that of everybody else who’s got a building products business and you didn’t stack up very well in the quarter. And I’m sure you look at that as well so maybe if you could provide a little color as to why that was and what you can do to change that.
Mark Weintraub: I realize you're not going to want to get too granular. But if I look at Louisiana Pacific or Norbord, their panel businesses, they were kind of order of magnitude 25% margins. If you look at the lumber players, there was some range, but they were basically kind of 5% to 15% in terms of margins in the second quarter. When you said you were doing well in those businesses, were you comparable to that or were you -- because if you were, then there must have been very sizable losses in the Engineered Wood and the Distribution businesses.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then lastly, different line of inquiry, harvest. In the Analyst Meeting earlier this year, you provided an assessment of potential harvest levels. I think it’s like 13.5 units this year and going up to perhaps 16.5 next year if I just look at that chart, what type of housing -- how dependent is that on housing start levels and give us a sense of what type of housing start levels that might have embedded.
