Daniel S. Fulton: Well, the mix is dynamic, in talking about the fourth quarter mix, Gail. We had, in the fourth quarter, an increased percentage of homes that are affordable dwellings. We had talked about that on our last call that these affordable units come with an overall master plan approval process. That was in the Washington D.C. market. And then we had a shift between third and fourth quarter away from a higher percentage of sales and closings in San Diego to other markets. So we would expect, as we look at the first quarter, as Patty commented, we expect the mix to be about the same. We have adjusted our product in every single market in response to evolving market conditions. We've had significant response in the Inland Empire Area of California in developing a new more affordable product. But in other markets, we've actually moved up market because that's where the demand has been in the last year to 18 months. As the overall market conditions improve, we will continue to find the opportunities where we have the greatest margin potential. With all of these new community openings, we have opportunities to adjust our product mix. And so what we will do throughout the year is try to give you some guidance on how we would expect that mix to be changing from quarter to quarter. But as we look from 2012 to 2013, we should not expect a significant mix shift, other than this resurgent demand from California can have a positive impact on us as we move throughout the year. It takes some time for those sales to convert to closings, but we have good visibility. As we look out, houses that are in our backlog, we know what those margins should be, and I think we'll just continue to update you on a quarterly basis.
Daniel S. Fulton: There was a little bit more weather impact in the fourth quarter in the West than there was in the South. In the first quarter, likely that we'll have more weather conditions that would impact us because of wet weather. What we are seeing in the log market is the impact of some recovery in U.S. housing, both in the West and in the South, and in the West, a continued increase in demand for exports. So we expect some upward pressure on log prices. We have weather events every quarter that may impact us a bit, but I think generally, we would expect that the impact is coming from the demand side.
Daniel S. Fulton: What we would expect is that as the market recovers, we certainly have different products, so we have our lumber business, we have our OSB business, we have engineered Wood Products. As the market demand picks up, there is pressure on log prices. And so the relative margin between logs and lumber shifts over time or logs and oriented strand board, but more related to logs. The impact in our engineered business comes through, as you noted, OSB input costs. But I can't answer your question specifically because it's a function of what supply is available on the market for logs and what production capacity comes back online in the Wood Products business. So it is the dynamic of supply and demand, and it's a function of production capability across the system. So quite frankly, I can't give you a specific number as I look out a couple of years. So what we believe is with a recovering market in the U.S., we should see increased demand for Wood Products, which will then translate to demand and ultimately pricing on logs, plus in our case, we have a significant export market off the West Coast, and that plays into the pricing dynamic also.
Daniel S. Fulton: You're talking about sales prices which don't translate into the quarterly closing numbers, and so there's a lag, George, when we write those sales and when they are delivered. We were encouraged and have been encouraged not just by the fourth quarter, but as Patty noted, sales early this year had been very strong, which is atypical. We joke a bit about the Super Bowl being a turning point in the early year selling season, so this year is a bit of an anomaly. We're seeing prices moving up in every single market for similar type products, so that is not even addressing the mix issue as to whether or not it's a first-time product or a move-up product or there may be some additional pricing power. So we think that what's happening is certainly the existing inventory has diminished significantly. Homebuyers are going back into model complexes and making the commitment to buy new homes in part because they have more confidence in the economy, in their jobs, and they can obviously see that the market has bottomed and there is more likelihood of upward pricing movement, as well as perhaps some uncertainty about where mortgage rates are.
Daniel S. Fulton: Our strategy is not changed, Mark, and we have -- we are not long land everywhere but we are long in certain markets, especially where entitlement processes reward a longer land position. Where we have master plans, we have the ability to not only build those lots but sell to others. We took advantage of that more in 2011 than we did in 2012. In '11, there was a resurgence of activity. Builders found themselves to be lot short, and we took advantage of that in certain regional markets. We looked for opportunities in those master plans where we have the excess land to sell to others on a profitable basis. We did some of that earlier this year, or in 2012, when we sold the Cross Creek Ranch property in Houston. And so we have that opportunity in front of us, and we'll look for opportunities where we have pricing and margin potential to take advantage of that as compared to building out those lots ourselves.
Daniel S. Fulton: Sure. Anthony, the property that we sold is part of a master plan, North County, San Diego called Pacific Highlands Ranch, where we have a significant number of entitled single-family lots that we would build out over time. That's a market that as you commented on, has been very good to us in the past. We have high margins in our single-family business in San Diego. The particular land that we sold is zoned for high-density residential. It was a very high density so multistory product and mixed-use. So it is not our core product that we build. That is the kind of property that we would typically sell to other builders and developers who specialize in it. Some of that will be rental, some of that perhaps could be for sale but likely more rental housing. And so it's consistent with our strategy to sell the property that is zoned for other than single-family to others, and that was the decision. So as we think about our land position in San Diego and our lot count, doesn't affect, really, our lot count at all because it's not a product that we would build. So it's totally consistent with the way we manage that business. The good news is that the multifamily market has been very strong, and so it was an opportune time to sell it. The purchasers of that property, will still have to go through some of their own entitlement process over a 1- to 2-year period before they break ground.
Daniel S. Fulton: For the year, our export volume to China was up, but we expect it to increase as we go forward into 2013. The mix that we've talked about in the past is not significantly changed, so about 70% of our exports go to Japan, roughly 20% China and the balance to Korea. And as we look forward to full year 2013, I can't give you specific numbers on what the China volume is because it's not that predictable. But we see covering demand and we expect to be in a position to be delivering logs there as well as into our traditional markets of Japan and Korea. We have seen a pickup in activity in Japan. That's generally a more profitable market for us. They buy higher-quality logs, we have much longer-term relationships. But the relationships that we've built to China are encouraging for us and so we see it as an opportunity.
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we've seen that activity, Mark, and I would say it's not surprising. As the market starts to pick up, you'd expect to see some more of that activity. We like the position that we have, so we have good balance in our lumber business between the West and the South. As the market picks up, especially in California, we're excited about the opportunity to see improvement in our Western lumber system. OSB business, we've got 6 mills that are operating. We've increased production in that business over the last year, and we're moving, even as we speak into 2013, to increasing operating posture. I think in the fourth quarter, we are operating at about an 85% level. In OSB, we expect that to increase. So we're well positioned to serve both the Southern and the Western markets. Engineered wood products, Patty talked about it, is a late cycle business. We've got the leading brand in that business with our Trus Joist brand. And if single-family housing picks up, the opportunity there is that we do have a lot of operating leverage because we are operating it well less than capacity today, but we're positioned in the West and in the East to serve the broad needs of a recovering single-family, as well as the multifamily sector. As we look forward, there's still some question about the relative mix between singles and multis, as we move forward wondering whether there's change in patterns and increasing density. But we like the position that we have in every one of those products.
Daniel S. Fulton: We look at opportunities. And fundamentally, as we look at opportunities, it's a function of how it would fit with our existing system and in relative financial opportunities. So I think we're active all the time in looking, but we have no immediate plans that we're prepared to discuss.
Daniel S. Fulton: Our average earnings over the last year or so have been about $10 million a quarter, revenues coming from our minerals operation. There's been a bit of a shift in mix, Mark, between oil and gas. If we were to go back 3 to 4 years ago, when the gas shale activity took off, I think our minerals business at that point was generating about $60 million. Some of that was coming from these upfront lease payments as well as royalty payments. So on a steady-state basis, for the next 12 months or so, I think $10 million a quarter is probably a predictable number. Production levels are down in that business because of prices today for natural gas. Drilling costs for shale oil had been relatively high. We have land that's well positioned both in the Haynesville Shale gas area and the Tuscaloosa oil shale region. So we have active drilling going on in our properties, and I think it's really a function of pricing of the end product for oil and gas that will dictate how much additional activity there'll be in the next 12 months.
Daniel S. Fulton: During the recession, we went through a period of a couple of years where we took our harvest levels down, and we have been bringing them back over the last 2 to 3 years. So you've seen a fairly significant ramp-up in harvest activity, 2011, 2012. We are managing our Timberlands on a sustainable basis. Over the next 12 to 24 months, you should not expect to see a significant increase in harvest activity because we are operating today at a sustainable level. In any given market situation, we have the ability to flex a bit, say plus or minus 10%. It's a little bit -- takes a little bit longer to increase in the West because of road requirements and permit requirements. But we have shared projections in the past in our main conference of long-term harvest levels in terms of how that would ramp up over time. That's more of a function of the maturity of the timber rather than responding to specific market conditions. So we have some limited ability to flex short term, as we've done in the last year or so. So we'll respond to market conditions.
Daniel S. Fulton: The latter is not the case. We sell logs to our lumber business or conversion businesses at market. The difference in pricing is more likely a function of our Japanese trade, Steve. And the quality of the logs and the long-term relationships that we have with customers there, where we are being rewarded for the quality of the logs and the consistency of delivery over a long period of time. And I think we have that same opportunity emerging in China because of the quality of our fiber, the predictability and sustainability on the logistical side. I think we're fairly compensated for the value that we deliver.
Daniel S. Fulton: We are always purchasing new land in our WRECO system to replace the lots that we are selling with the houses that we deliver. So that is just an ongoing function of managing a pipeline of future lots. We are very strategic in where we have a land position. The length of that position varies by market depending upon the challenge of entitlements and how we are able to control it. So our focus is on efficient management of our cash, and allocation of resource was in that business to, number one, be sure that we have a pipeline, but also ensure that we are earning maximum possible returns on the use of our capital. So it is a region-by-region decision. But in fact, we are always in the market looking for lot positions for future deliveries.
Daniel S. Fulton: We've had a steady increase in production as the market has begun to recover. In our lumber business in the fourth quarter, we were operating in about an 80%, in maybe mid-80s production rate so we have room to move beyond that in response to increased market demand. Also in the lumber business, Mark, our typical shift posture is 2 shifts. And so we have the ability to add hours to those shifts on a selective basis, and we have the ability, in some cases, to add an entire shift. We've got one facility in Cottage Grove, Oregon, that operates 24/7. That's not typical in the lumber business. But we do have a fair amount of flexibility in lumber to respond. And the response obviously comes from not just volume but we have to look at who our customers are and what pricing is. And so at the level of starts that we are at today, we've got a fair amount of room. As I pointed out, the level of starts in 2012 is very low by historic standards. We've got a lot of room to move between now and getting back to trend levels, which are sort of 1.5 million to 1.7 million.
Daniel S. Fulton: The increased production should show up as demand increases. So we're not producing excess inventory, and we're not producing inventory at prices that don't give us the margins that we think are appropriate. So we have the ability to respond as the market picks up. There's some delayed response. It's a little bit longer-term response when you -- when we're ramping up, let's say, adding an entire shift to an OSB mill. That takes a little bit longer time. And so we've gone through some of that activity over the last year in our Wood Products business but more likely related to our OSB facilities.
Daniel S. Fulton: No, we're always planning ahead of time. So we have, actually, fairly robust staffing plans where we look out a potential demand and we're filling those positions. But I can't give you specifics on a by-mill basis. We are -- the headcount that we've increased over the last year, as I mentioned, has primarily been related to Wood Products production.
Daniel S. Fulton: Okay. I'd like to thank everybody for taking the time to join us today. We continue to appreciate your interest. As you can tell from our comments, we're encouraged by the recovery in housing that's underway. We think we're well positioned to take advantage of it, and we look forward to -- we're looking forward to 2013 because I think we have the opportunity to fully participate in this recovery. And we look forward to your continued interest. If you have questions following the call, follow up as you normally do with Kathy. Appreciate it very much. Good day, everybody.
Patricia M. Bedient: George, the other thing that you saw in those margins in Wood Products in the fourth quarter was we had some downtime for the holidays and downtime for maintenance and implementing some capital projects. So as we see utilization rates improve, that will significantly impact that margin going forward as well.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. As you look at the total underfunded status for the pension plan, as you said, and this would be for the U.S. plan, as well as our nonqualified plan, we were, I think, about $1.150 billion. And at the end of this year, that will increase by about a little over $400 million. That's still for the pension, Chip. That doesn't include the other postretirement benefit plans. But if you're talking just pension, those were the right numbers.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, when I say significant, Chip, remember we're talking about the first quarter when you talk about a triple digit, but that's what we're working toward. So it will be a multiple of the fourth quarter and pretty close to that triple digit.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Carly. It's still early in the year but what we have said in the past is that we think that $4 billion of debt is about the right amount of debt for the size of the company today. We've been working that down. So when we pay off our 2013 maturities, we'll be right at -- maybe just a little below that target. So I think the point will be what other uses we may have for any additional debt in the future. But where we are right now, we have said in the past, and that would still be our view, that around $4 billion in debt is the right amount for the size that we are today.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Carly, we have ongoing conversations with both rating agencies, as you might well imagine. And we have historically been an investment grade rated company from both rating agencies. And Moody's moved us down years 2 ago when the markets in Wood Products especially were much more challenged than they are today. So we'll look forward to moving back into that investment grade area at Moody's, given the increase in the profitability and cash generation of the company. But I'll have to wait for them to make that move.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, yes. I don't have a number for you in the actual maintenance for the fourth quarter for Wood Products. Let me see if we can pull something together and maybe you can check back with Kathy.
Patricia M. Bedient: Engineered wood products, in terms of the operating rate for the fourth quarter were still about 40% to 45% in that business. So really what we need to do is to get that operating rate up. And as we look forward in that business, it is a late cycle recovering business in Wood Products. In other words, of the 3 technologies that we have, engineered wood products, because it is more exposed to single-family -- housing or new housing rather as opposed to repair and remodel, it recovers a little bit later in the cycle. I can't tell you that, as you might know, the Builders' Show is going on this week, and the talk at the Builders' Show is concern about being able to get capacity or to get product as the cycle continues to recover. So we look very much forward to getting to that point. And I think as we move forward to increase housing starts, as Dan mentioned in his outlook, that we will see much improved results in that business.
Patricia M. Bedient: [indiscernible] is there to say that our focus, really, is on improving the operations that we have, and we aren't operating the operations that we have today at full capacity. So we have room to continue to grow the business with the existing facilities that we have. So that's really the focus.
Patricia M. Bedient: I don't know that I have that in front of me. Let me just see if I can help you with anything on that. I think we may have to wait for the K filing, which will come out later here in the next couple of weeks. Let me see if I can find the number for you, Josh, as we're sitting here.
Patricia M. Bedient: Mark, when you think about lumber, we don't have huge log decks. We don't carry huge log decks in our supply chain. So the things that -- and that's just a function of the way that we operate on an efficient basis. So the things that would provide hiccups in that to being able to meet that demand are more things like if we were to have a weather-related event in the West. That would drive out-of-log downtime. So it's not if you go back a few years and you think -- and some competitors still do today, carry a lot of inventory in the yard, we have really worked on our supply chain between our Timberlands business and our lumber business so that we can respond as market conditions do increase.
Patricia M. Bedient: Paul, we are starting to see log prices move up in the South, I would say more on a modest basis. Our own sales realizations for logs in the Timberlands segment, as I spoke to, will actually be down just slightly. But that's really more a function of the diameter size of the logs that we're logging this quarter, and that's not atypical for us. We are looking at settings that we can access, especially as it relates to this wet weather. So that's just an isolated instance -- incident. But we would expect saw log prices to start to move more significantly in the South as we go through the year, assuming, that would be our assumption, that housing continues to recover.
