Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Russell. Before we open the line for questions I do want to touch briefly on sustainability. Weyerhaeuser has just recently launched our new sustainability strategy and it builds on our solid foundation of environmental stewardship, social responsibility and strong governance. A core part of this new strategy is what we're calling 3/30 and it's intended to drive increased focus in three key areas where we as a company can make a unique and meaningful contribution over the next decade. These include contributing to climate change solutions, meeting the need for affordable and sustainable housing and helping rural communities thrive. For over 100 years we've been committed to managing this company sustainably and for the long-term, and that focus remains today as we navigate these unprecedented times. In closing, we believe our company is well positioned with unrivaled assets, industry-leading operations, a strong safety culture, and a solid financial position. The underlying thesis for U.S. housing remains strong and evolving societal preferences are further bolstering demand for single family homes and wood-based construction. Looking forward we remain focused on operating safely and efficiently, effectively capitalizing on opportunities across the full range of market conditions and driving long-term value for our shareholders through industry leading performance and disciplined prudent capital allocation. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. And so, I think as we've mentioned before, we do have a little bit of a lag between what you see in the print and when that hits realization, just because of the length of our order files. And for – I think this particular period, the order files are extending out a bit as you've probably heard from some other companies, with the strong market dynamic and low inventories we have extended our order files out a bit. So it'll flow through, but when you look at our realizations, it takes a few weeks for that to actually hit our realizations.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I guess just – how I'd respond to that is more in terms of the broader environment and what the key demand drivers are. And so when we think about what's really driving the strong demand for wood products right now, it's really a couple of things. Obviously, we’ve seen housing improve and in our customers, the builders, you've probably heard this on various earnings calls. The demand for housing is really picked up a lot faster than we had anticipated. You saw that in the June new home sales numbers. And so I think generally the, the overall view on housing over the next several months is pretty positive. And so that's obviously a key driver for us. I mean, it is important to remember though; you look at the June starts numbers that was still not overwhelming relative to what we were seeing earlier in the year. But I do think that the momentum is building around that. So that seems like a positive, at least for the next several months. But I'd say the other thing that's really been driving the wood products demand has been the repair and remodel market. And in particular, the home improvement do it yourself segment. And that has just been remarkably strong and, I think as we, we think about that in retrospect with everyone being stuck at home, folks not traveling, no sports, nothing else to do, everybody's doing home remodeling projects. And so that's just been a really key part of what's been driving this overwhelming demand of late. So I think as you're modeling out the third quarter, we have pretty good visibility through August, I think with the order files and what we're hearing for customers, I think August should be pretty strong. I think the big question really is as we get through Labor Day and head into the fall, what does that repair and remodel market going to look like? And so, to us that's really the big open question. What happens to that segment of the demand signal as we progress through fall? Ordinarily as the weather starts to cool, you'd see a little bit of slow down there, but again, this year has been a little different than most years and so we'll see how that plays out.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there's no question. The inventory channels are lean and that's almost universally true. And like you say, Mark, what really happened is when you saw so much production come out and demand picked up more quickly, nobody had inventory in the channel and it's just been a scramble ever since. So I think that's – that's been part of the driver, people have, they have customers that have needs that are projects that are being built and they're just out scrambling for product, trying to find that, and you know, the, the production and the capacities come back online for the most part. I would say around the margins, do think particularly in the South, you're probably seeing a little bit of production that's being lost to producers, struggling to keep up with covert related downtime. For us we haven't had a meaningful amount of downtime related to COVID. But if you think about where a lot of the production capacity is for the Southern yellow pine in particular, they're in regions where the COVID rates are really spiking up. So I suspect there's probably a little bit of production being lost to that dynamic. And so we just, as an industry haven't been able to keep up with demand and that's really what's driving the pricing dynamic.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So what I would say at the outset is predicting commodity prices is extremely difficult under any circumstances. And I would say given what's going on in the market today, that's even more so. Again, I think we have a pretty good line of sight on August. So, I do think that the August timeframe should be pretty strong with each week that we continue to see strong pricing and strong demand that probably moves incrementally into September. Honestly, beyond that, it's very difficult to tell. I do think that the housing market will continue to grow the slope of that curve, I think is very hard to say, particularly given the offset that you may see ultimately with high unemployment, that hasn't seemed to really impact housing demand of late historically that's been a pretty strong correlation between unemployment and housing demand. So as we get deeper into the fall, I think that's an open question, but sitting here today, it certainly seems based on what we're hearing from our customers, that the demand for new homes is really strong and building. And so again, it's difficult to predict how all of those different puts and takes are going to play out over the course of the fall. But certainly we are in a lot better space now than we had anticipated three or four months ago. So, it's positive from that respect.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So again, I think it's just the – it's the dynamic across the Southern markets. And so we talk about the South as though it's a market, it's really a combination of sub-markets and notwithstanding the fact that that wood products pricing and demand has been reasonably strong. I think on balance across the South, you're probably still not up to full running capacity from a manufacturing and saw milling perspective partially because of COVID, I suspect, partially because there's still a little bit of caution around bringing back shifts. If you've taken a full shift out before you hire people back, you want to have some certainty that this run is going to last. So I don't know that productions fully come back. And then the other piece in the South is – as we've talked about, there's just a lot of log supply in the South. And so, we made a decision to reduce the harvest volumes in the South by 10%, just based on our projection of what that overall log demand is going to look like the supply demand dynamic. And as we think about that going forward, that's obviously something that can change depending on what market conditions are doing, but bringing back volume and pushing it into a market where pricing is a little soft or the market just doesn't need it. You got to be really thoughtful about that. So at this point, we're still contemplating that 10% reduction, which will largely be taken in the back half of 2020.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So really you saw a pretty dramatic drop-off in the log flow into China from New Zealand and the European salvage logs related to the COVID-19 disruptions there. And it was basically a full shutdown in New Zealand for a period of time. There were some supply chain disruptions coming out of Europe. And so Q2 really, you saw that volume drop off pretty dramatically, that started to come back and, I think the demand signal in China's holding up pretty well. Takeaway is pretty good, but the supply going into that system has increased with the radiata and the European salvage logs coming in. So there's still demand. I suspect as we mentioned, we're probably going to swing more of our Western volume back into the domestic market. Pricing's better, margin opportunities are better, and that's really one of the advantages of our system in the West. In that we have three key customers between the third-party domestic, our own internal mills and the export market that we can really swing volume across those customer bases to really go after whatever the highest margin opportunity is. So, I think China will obviously continue to be a good market for us, but at present we have better pricing opportunities in the domestic market. So you'll see our volumes to China and Q3 go down a bit.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I think that's in the process of evolving, Mark. And what that 85% target was really a reflection of is a commitment by the company to return a significant amount of our free cash flow back to shareholders. And that broader commitment remains intact. I think as we consider reinitiating the dividend going forward, we're looking at a number of factors, and I think as the Board considers that opportunity, we want to make sure that the dividend sustainable and appropriate for our portfolio of businesses or business conditions, the free cash flow that we can generate from our businesses over a cycle. And as I mentioned, some of our businesses have generally relatively stable cash flows, others have more cyclical cash flows. And so as we think about that, our capital allocation approach, I think has to account for that variability. And so ultimately the overarching goal is to ensure a sustainable capital allocation framework that enables us to return significant, but appropriate levels of cash back to shareholders over a cycle. So, it's evolving, it’s part of the conversation that we continue to have as a Board.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So what I would say is, that's obviously part of the conversation, it's a decision the Board will ultimately make and discussion that we continue to have. So I can't give you a specific answer on that. As I said, it's part of the dialogue. With respect to the uses of additional cash, I think, it would flow through the same framework, right. So, obviously we are intent on returning a good percentage of that back in terms of a quarterly cash dividend. Over and above that we have opportunities, I think, to return cash to shareholders and create value through share repurchase. And so, I think, that basic framework would remain intact.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean, obviously that's hard for us to say because each individual company has a better view on their individual cost structure. What I would say just generally, and I'll speak from our standpoint, when you think about bringing lumber capacity back on, that's usually a much easier decision because you can bring that on incrementally. And you can sort of layer it in depending on what's going on in the market, adding shifts, taking a few shifts out. That decision with respect to OSB is a bigger decision. Once you've decided that you're going to curtail a mill, from our standpoint, I think, the way we would look at it is you are going to have to have more visibility on the sustainability of this improvement when you make that decision. But obviously, each individual company will make their respective decision. But I think certainly on the lumber side, most of the capacity has come back on to take advantage of this good environment for lumber pricing.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, and that's really just, it's a mixed question. So the domestic log prices in the west, we are expecting to go up in Q3. But just given that the Japan market has softened a little bit because their home sales has really declined a bit this year. So that's just creating a little bit softer market, so we won't be shipping as much to Japan. Similar statement with China, with the New Zealand and European salvage wood going in there that's putting some pricing pressure there. So, we will see better realizations for the domestic logs, but it's just the overall western business as a whole, you'll see realizations go slightly down just because we'll have less export volume in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so in terms of operating rates coming out of Q2, we were in kind of the mid-to-upper 80s, somewhere in that range, may be even low 90s. OSB generally in the upper 90s, EWP, low to mid-70s. I'd say as we head into Q3, kind of going business by business, on the lumber side, there's a little bit that we can do here in the near term a few percentages to take advantage of the good markets and we're looking to do that. In terms of the longer time horizon and bottlenecking, I mean, that's certainly part of every mill's roadmap is finding what bottlenecks you have in the mill and trying to eliminate that. So, every year we do pick up a little bit of volume just through those efficiency and debottlenecking efforts. On the OSB side, again, when you are operating in the high 90s, there's really not a whole lot left there, maybe, low single digits in terms of opportunity in the near term. You don't have as many debottlenecking opportunities in an OSB mill. Oftentimes it's the press or something right around the press, that's the bottleneck and that's a pretty large capital investment to really do that. So not a whole lot more upside on the OSB side. EWP, I do think that there's opportunity for a little bit more pickup there. And so we're looking at that, but again that's really going to be dependent on what market conditions look like.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so this is really exciting for us, we've had a lot of internal work going on around putting out this new strategy. I think it really reflects a commitment on behalf of the company to really double down on our sustainability efforts. And so I'm really excited about this. I think there are opportunities really across the board with this new sustainability strategy, in terms of how we deal with our employees, our workforce, our communities. And so there's a lot more there than just the economic side. But on the economics and business side, certainly, I think, as we look forward, there are a couple of opportunities I would highlight. The first of which is mass timber, CLT. That's a market that does seem to be picking up momentum. You've seen a number of projects come out. It's moving quicker than I had anticipated even 12, 18 months ago. And so that's a market, I think, that will benefit the industry as a whole more wood demand is obviously good. And I think there's a growing appreciation for the value of wood-based construction relative to other materials and building materials from an environmental standpoint.  But specifically to the carbon market, I do think that this is an opportunity. You just have to look around the corporate landscape. And most big companies have announced some initiative or another to be carbon neutral, or even some trying to be carbon negative. There really aren't any technologies out there that are better suited to take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere than trees and forests. And so I think there is an opportunity over time. But the one thing I would caution is we're in the early stages of this. We need to figure out the mechanics for developing these markets, either private or public. It needs to be something that's beneficial to everyone involved in the process. And so, we're looking at that, it's something that we're actively assessing to determine how are we going to create these markets. So I think we're in the early stages, but over the long-term, I absolutely do believe this is an opportunity for us. And I think Weyerhaeuser has a role to play in something that we can really develop a nice business around.
Devin Stockfish: Well, I think, in terms of how we've dealt with what is really an unprecedented level of volatility in our markets, I would say I'm just extremely pleased with how nimble the organization has been. Certainly, I think, the investments that we've made over the last five to 10 years in information technology has made this whole transition to more remote working and changing business practices doable. I think if this had happened 10 years ago, this would have been a very much different and more challenging environment. So I think the organization is…
Devin Stockfish: Well, IT spending never is, but I think for most people that have ever a business you know that if you don't have that infrastructure it's very hard to be successful in a lot of different areas. So it's necessary, it's important. I think we're seeing the benefits of it as we speak and we'll continue to, as we go forward. In terms of OpEx specifically, to my mind, the silver lining here is we have really, I think, demonstrated the importance of OpEx. I think the strategy is being further appreciated across the workforce just the ability to continue to operate well, the cost structure, it gives you so much more flexibility when you have these market disruption. So, my sense is that there is an even greater appreciation for all of the OpEx work that we've been doing and the importance when you're going through some of these markets swings.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean the labor issue hasn't gone away for certain. I think obviously the demand side has picked up over the last several months. And so I think the builders are trying to build as many homes as they can. But the labor issue that we've been dealing with for many years didn't disappear. It's still out there. I haven't heard the builders really talk much to us about COVID specific labor concerns. I would imagine there must be some around the margins. It's not something that we've heard a lot about. But I think that is something that will continue to be a struggle is just finding enough labor to put up houses as quickly as the builders want to build them.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so out of the south, we had been growing that market. I mean, it was a really small piece of our overall business, but we had seen pretty strong growth on Southern Exports of Southern Yellow Pine into China. When the trade war broke out and the 25% tariff came into place that really put a pretty hefty headwind in there. And so we had kept that market open, just really at levels low enough that we could keep, or – levels that we could keep the supply chain open. When the tariffs came off and when you saw radiata and the European salvage wood back off and Q2, we did ramp that back up again. Those logs do compete with radiata pine, they compete with the salvage wood to some extent. And so, I think, for the next few quarters, as we see those volumes kind of spike up again we'll probably take our foot off the gas a little bit, but we're still shipping wood into that market, we anticipate continuing to do that. We're shipping into India again in small volumes. But those are markets, I think, in the near term might be a little stressed from a southern export standpoint just because of the European salvage wood. But over the long-term, those markets are going to be good for us. I think there's a home for southern yellow pine. We continue to develop a customer base. So good long-term market for us. Out of the west, I think, that Japan market, the softness that we're seeing, it's really three things. It's the demographics, the population is shrinking in Japan. And so, over the long-term, that's not ideal for housing. But it's been a slow decline and our customers have held market share. So that in and of itself, I think, we managed through. This year, it's just had the extra stresses of the increase in the consumption tax and obviously COVID-19 related disruptions. So, I think it's going to be a tough year from a housing standpoint in Japan. I'm hopeful you'll see that start to come back similar to other economies as we move past the COVID pandemic. But again, it's still a good market for us. We're still going to ship logs there. It's just a little bit softer as all.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I'd say in lumber and OSB, it's probably low single digits. As the quarter progressed, we brought that production back. And I think importantly the mills ran remarkably well. The reliability that – reliability work that they have been doing over the last year or so is starting to yield real benefits. And so we were getting a lot of good production for every hour that we were operating. So I think it's, low single digits. We'll try to take advantage where we can. But there's not a whole lot left there. I think on EWP, it's probably slightly more than that. But again, that will depend on what market conditions look like over the back half of the year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean the whole essence of our operating strategy and it's Wood Products, but it's also Timberland, it's the company as a whole, is we are working on OpEx in every nook and cranny of the entire company. And so it's become cultural, it's become the expectation. People throughout the company, whether you're in a leadership role, or whether you're operating equipment in the mill, are looking for opportunities to improve. So I have every expectation that we will hold and continue to improve our cost structure going forward.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so, I think, it's a little early for us to offer that specific of guidance. I agree with you. We have pretty good visibility through August. I think September, we'll see we're hopeful, but I think we're watching what happens post, Labor Day pretty closely. So ultimately, I think, we are going to have a good quarter. We're running the business well, the pricing and demand environment on wood products is strong. So, I think, that bodes well for Q3, for sure.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so, I think, the air pocket that we were concerned with never materialized. I think just the really, really strong repair and remodel demand followed by a quicker than expected recovery and housing dealt with that air pocket. I think as you get into the back half of the year, the question is, one what's going to happen with repair and remodel demand. How is that going to hold up? Is it going to hold up reasonably strong? It's going to fall off? That's something that we're watching closely. And then, I think, as we think about housing into the fall and really even into next year, at some point is the high unemployment level going to start impacting home, new home sales demand. And so, that's an open question. Certainly what we're hearing from the builders is there's a lot of demand there. So we're watching that closely as we're watching the macro conditions. But I think frankly it's a little uncertain as to how that's going play out later this year and into next year.
Devin Stockfish: Alright well, I think, that was our final question. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Please stay safe and healthy everyone. Thank you.
