Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Dave. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Second quarter housing starts averaged 1.65 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, a 4% reduction compared to the first quarter. While April housing starts reached the highest monthly level since 2006, activity softened as the quarter progressed. Housing permits in the second quarter averaged 1.73 million units, a 7% reduction compared to the quarter. As we look out at the rest of the year, we do expect some softening in residential construction relative to earlier in the year, primarily as a result of the rapid increase in mortgage rates, ongoing housing affordability concerns, high inflation and concerns over a possible recession. We've already started seeing impacts from these headwinds with the reduction in new and existing home sales in recent months and through the most recent homebuilder sentiment data. However, as always, context is important. To that end, I would note that we are still expecting housing starts and demand for wood products to be above pre-pandemic levels in 2022 despite these near-term challenges. Homebuilders have a significant backlog of houses to complete and we expect this backlog will support construction activity in the back half of 2022. And importantly, we remain constructive longer term on housing demand fundamentals given favorable demographic trends of significantly under-built housing stock, a healthy labor market and solid household balance sheets. Turning to repair and remodel, where activity remained fairly stable quarter-over-quarter and continue to be supported by favorable demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment softened slightly in the second quarter as consumer sentiment turned cautious resulting from the recent macro uncertainties. That said, as the housing market enters a period of relative softening, this should result in more people remaining in their existing homes. And with healthy household balance sheets favorable home equity and an aging housing stock, we continue to expect steady demand from the repair and remodel segment with activity above pre-pandemic levels. In closing, our teams are delivering strong operational and financial results. Year-to-date, we've generated $2.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA and $1.9 billion of adjusted funds available for distribution. Looking forward, we remain constructive on long-term demand fundamentals that support our businesses, notwithstanding the recent macroeconomic headwinds. Our financial position is exceptionally strong and we remain committed to serving our customers and delivering industry-leading operating performance across our businesses. We are very well positioned to navigate these dynamic market conditions and to generate long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, thanks, George. Well, first, on the CapEx, really, it's just a function of what we're seeing in the market right now is extended lead time for pretty much all equipment. So this incremental $20 is just really a reflection of our view you need to get into the queue so that you can manage efficiently these longer-term capital projects. So, it's really -- it's not that things are getting better. It's just an acknowledgment that the time line for getting equipment is a bit extended. So in order to get in the queue, you can put down your deposits now, and that just will make for a more efficient and effective flow of projects over the next 18 to 24 months. On the OSB side, really nothing to say there other than just each OSB mill has maintenance that we do. It's the typical annual maintenance. From a dimension standpoint, probably $5 million to $10 million in terms of lost production quarter-over-quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And on main, thanks. So it's progressing as expected. We're working with the third-party certifiers, still expect to get it approved by the end of the year. So, it's really progressing in accordance with our schedule, and we're pleased with the progress.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, great question. Obviously, there's been a lot of commentary around what's going on with the housing market. We can get into that in further detail if you'd like. But certainly, I think we are seeing some slowing. As we think about heading into this period of some choppiness in the housing market, I think the key takeaway is we've been preparing our business for just this situation for a number of years. All the work that we've done around OpEx and cost control to have industry-leading performance, the work we've done to get the balance sheet in a really good place, the variable dividend structure. All of these things give us a lot of flexibility if we run into a period of softness. Now our personal view is we'll probably see some softening. I'm not sure it's going to last all that long because we still feel pretty good about the underlying fundamentals with the under-billed housing stock and all the other things we've been talking about for a number of years. But if we do see a period of softening, we'll continue to operate our business well, focus on cost, focus on OpEx and innovation to make sure that we protect our margins as much as possible and serve our customers. So we'll see what happens from a housing standpoint, but I think we're really well positioned if we do see some softening.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. If you're talking about Timberlands transactions in particular, I think the answer is no, things really haven't changed. We're still seeing very strong demand for Timberland transaction. I think you've seen that in some of the deals that have been announced lately, we're seeing very strong pricing for Timberland assets. I think that's really a function of a few different things. First of all, historically, Timberlands have been a good place to be in an inflationary environment. So there may be some of that. But I think more importantly, there's just a view that the longer-term value in Timberland assets is there. And you've seen really over the last 12 to 18 months, the values that people are paying for Timberland deals continues to go up. And I think it's just a reflection of interest in the asset class. So notwithstanding some of the choppiness we've seen and some of the uncertainty we've seen in the markets generally, that really hasn't flowed through to the Timberlands transactions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Absolutely, Mark. And I think really, -- so putting aside the cost side, which we've discussed a lot in the past. On the sales realization side, I do think that when you think about -- and I'll speak to lumber particularly here. When you think about where lumber prices go, there's going to be a different cost structure by geography. And we've talked about this a bit in the past, but I do think just the dynamics with fiber availability and how that's impacted the cost structure in British Columbia, I think what that means is for a pretty significant percentage of the overall lumber capacity in North America, when you get below a certain price level, it's going to be pretty hard for a lot of the mills to be cash flow positive. Now whether that's $550 million, whether that's $600 million, there's some debate there. We certainly don't have visibility into our competitors' cost structure. But we do have a mill in British Columbia that we think is a top quartile cost mill. So we do have some view on that. And I think relative to what's going on across North America, the BC cost structure is going to play into that and likely keep lumber prices in terms of a floor higher than they've been historically. And so, I think that's going to be reflected. In terms of some other -- that will be the biggest. In terms of some other issues at play, obviously, from a wood construction standpoint, our industry is always looking to increase the share of wood in building. And so even beyond single-family residential, whether you're talking multi or tall wood buildings. That's something we continue to look at a little bit around the margins with infrastructure. So there may be some other things at play that make this look a little different than the last time we had a dip in the market.
Devin Stockfish: And on the Southern Yellow Pine Point, Mark, I do think that's going to be down the road. They've talked about thinking about that. They're just kind of -- they're doing this one first, and they'll look at Southern Yellin down the road.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We haven't really seen it happen yet. In fact, on the OSB side, I'd say our order files are pretty much normal. On the lumber side, actually, our order books are a little elevated relative to normal, so a little longer on the lumber side. And on the EWP side, we're still on full allocation. So we really haven't seen that translate into our order files. And frankly, I think part of that, too, is just inventories across channel are pretty lean. And so there's still building going on and people need product that they're -- they're just not carrying much inventory. So there's a need to cover short-term requirements at present.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On OSB, normal is in the range of two to four weeks. On the lumber side, it's usually one to two weeks. And like I said, on the lumber side, we're probably on the high end of that, a little north of that. And as I said, EWP is -- that's on allocation. So it's a little different story there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of comments I would offer on that. I think, first of all, not that our crystal ball is perfect, but we're not expecting anything close to the Great Recession. And any sort of normal recessionary environment, I wouldn't anticipate our harvest level is really changing much. We have an integrated model. So we have internal mill customers, we manage our harvest levels to stay at sustainable levels over time. So in a normal run-of-the-mill recession, I wouldn't anticipate that really impacting our harvest levels. Now obviously, if we have a Great Recession type of event, which, again, seems pretty unlikely to us, then of course, we're going to dial in our harvest levels to match that supply to demand. But particularly given the dynamic with all of the new mills coming into the U.S. South, ultimately, even if markets soften, the U.S. South is a place where you make money really almost under any lumber pricing scenario. So, Southern mills are going to run. So I don't really have a whole lot of concern about really reducing harvest levels in the South, absent something really, really significant.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, great question. I think the answer is really it depends on a number of different factors. There's no question that in the West, you do see a stronger correlation between log prices and lumber prices. Obviously, a sawmill is not going to pay a log price that causes them to go cash negative. So there is definitely a correlation between log prices and lumber prices. But there are two other dynamics at play that also weigh in on that. One of which is just the very tight supply demand dynamic that's going on in the West. There's -- it's a highly tensioned wood basket. And so typically, you're going to see log prices stay pretty close to that level where mills can still make some profit. And the other piece, as you mentioned, is just the export market. That is a big market for us. We send a fair number of logs over to the Japan market and depending on domestic conditions also to China. So those three things really work in unison to set log prices. So the way I would think about it as we roll into 2023, regardless of what's going on in the economy, it's still going to be a tension wood basket. We still anticipate having good demand from our export customers. And so I think the way it will play out is you'll see log prices stay as strong as they can to still allow mills to make some level of profit. So we're still expecting a good solid market in 2023, even if you do see a little bit of a softening in the economy.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, first, just a shout out to our EWP team. They're doing just a remarkable job running that business. It's been a really good run. We've had a lot of demand for EWP products. And so that's really translated into great profitability in that business. As we look forward, you're absolutely right. That product line is much more tailored to single family. And so to the extent you see some softening there, clearly, that will have some impact. But I do think just for perspective, that is a market where the supply of EWP has been pretty short, and that's resulted in a lot of shortages for our homebuilder customers. And so to some level or to some extent, there's a little bit of room just to catch up to have that supply meet demand, even if you see single-family tick down a little bit. The other thing I would just mention is during this period where there's been such a shortage of engineered wood products, you have seen builders converting into 2x10, 2x12s, open web, and so there's still some opportunity for EWP if housing softens a bit to go take some of that market share back. So absolutely, it is tied to single family, but I think even with a softening housing environment, the EWP business is still going to be pretty strong in 2023.
Devin Stockfish: No, we're in full compliance, expect to remain in full compliance, so no issues from a REIT standpoint.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We are going to grow organic lumber production in 2022. I think our latest estimate is we'll be somewhere in the neighborhood of 5 billion board feet of production. And so that's along the path that we have to getting that 5% per year annual target. I will say we've got a little bit of catching up to do just because particularly in the early part of the year with all the COVID disruptions, et cetera, probably lost a little bit of production, but we're well on the way to meet that target over the multiyear period.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, a couple of things. I mean, one of them is just time. A lot of these efforts take time to develop, whether it's the carbon capture and storage business. We feel really, really good about the long-term prospects. But it takes time to get those signed up, get the infrastructure built, et cetera, similarly, with the forest carbon business. Solar, we're signing up lots of solar deals, but those take several years to get up and running and connect it into the grid. So part of it is just time. I think part of it is we do need to see the pricing develop. I'll give you the example of forest carbon pricing. That's been bouncing around between $10 and $15 per ton. We do think that's going to increase over time. But clearly, if we're going to flex some of our forestry into carbon markets from our historical timber markets, that has to be margin positive. So you need to see that pricing come up. I do think there's a piece of it that's regulatory in nature. And so just for example, the current bill that's being looked at in Congress right now does have some provisions that would help accelerate that, whether it's the increased tax credit from 45Q to help with carbon capture and storage, direct air capture, whether it's additional support for building out wind and solar. Those things ultimately are going to happen regardless, but I think certainly some support there from a regulatory standpoint can help accelerate that. But I feel really good about the work the team is doing, just a tremendous job across the board, whether it's wind, solar, carbon capture and storage, mitigation banking across the board. Russell and his team are building out that organization and making some really good progress.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I mean, again, I'll say we look at share repurchase as a useful tool in the right circumstance. So -- we're fortunate to have a lot of levers, whether it be M&A, investing in the business, paying down debt, base and variable dividend payments, we think share repurchase can be an important element of our capital allocation mix. A lot of it is going to depend on our ability to look at that acquisition target and the patients that we'll need as we are disciplined as we pursue those Timberland acquisitions and evaluating all the options that are available to us to create shareholder value over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. So a couple of thoughts here. I do think that this view, there's an ESG play embedded within Timberlands is playing into discount rates and just the overall interest in the asset class. And you can see that around the margin, certainly with some of the private equity-like capital that's coming into the space. You see JPMorgan buying Campbell. Things of that nature, I think, are very much related to ESG, carbon, natural climate solutions, those kinds of opportunities. The thing that makes it hard to really quantify the impact of that on discount rates is you're also seeing money come in from all over the globe, where the discount rates people look for in Europe are a little different maybe than you would think in the U.S. So some of that gets a little muddied, but I think you're absolutely right directionally that ESG has lowered the discount rates people are using. In terms of giving you the range, I would still say kind of 4.5 to 5.5 is normal. But that being said, we've certainly seen some transactions lately, at least from our math, that seem to be pushing those discount rates quite a bit further. And particularly when you see some non-traditional type buyers come into the market, some of those discount rates can get really low. So, I think you are seeing on balance discount rates go down a bit in some of the transactions we've seen lately.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, Mark, I'm probably not going to speculate on future pricing, but I will offer just a couple of directional comments on that. I think the big reason why you've seen this pricing dynamic is in a reasonably strong demand environment, there's just not enough EWP supply to go around. And so you take that, coupled with the fact that some of the input costs for EWP, so think OSB, web stock, resin, some of these other input costs have also gone up quite a bit. That's really just translated into a very strong pricing environment. And as I mentioned earlier, we're still on allocation across all of our products. Now obviously, as we go forward, this product feeds primarily into single-family, although I will say just as an aside, I do think there's lots of opportunity for EWP to find market share in commercial multifamily, some of the other focus on CLT, that kind of thing. There's more market opportunity for EWP. But even just a single family, if that goes down, that supply and demand dynamics will play out and impact pricing, but the underlying issue of EWP being in relatively short supply, unless you saw housing just fall off a cliff, I think that's more or less still going to be the case going forward.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think I would agree with the disconnect. I think part of that has just been in the public markets. If you're trying to figure out what mid-cycle pricing looks like, that's been really challenging with the volatility across most of the Wood Products business. And I think that has led to a bit of a disconnect between that valuation. But in terms of opportunities, well, I think absolutely, whenever there's a disconnect in the value underlying value and then the way the market is otherwise seeing it, then certainly, there can be opportunities for M&A. And frankly, if we do see a little bit of a downturn, those are oftentimes the opportunities to do the best deals when you see those big value disconnect. So certainly, that's something I think everybody is watching for as we progress into the next 12 to 18 months.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Certainly, to date, that's been the case. It was a very wet spring and summer, didn't really start in the Northwest until July 5 or 6. So I think that's really put us in a position where, from a fire risk standpoint, standing here at the end of July, we're in pretty good shape. As always, I would just say that can change, and so we will do what we always do, which is monitor this closely. We've had a pretty good track record of managing fire across our ownership. So, we'll stay on high alert. But as of today, it's definitely at a lower risk than it would ordinarily be this time of summer.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
David Wold: Yes, Sue, you bet, this is Davy. As we've said in the past, we think about share repurchase as a useful tool to return cash to shareholders under the right circumstances, specifically when we see it as the best option for creating long-term shareholder value. So, yes, that increase to our authority of $1 billion last fall, that gives us more flexibility to buy back stock when we see good opportunities there. So, we did repurchase $138 million in Q2 at an average price of $36.23 per share, and we'll continue to look at those opportunities moving forward. We've progressed overall bigger picture against that $1 billion authorization. We've done $333 million year-to-date. So, we're -- cumulative to date since we announced that authorization. So, we're making steady progress against that. We'll continue to assess those share repurchases along with all the other options we have for cash deployment, and we'll report out on that share repurchase activity quarterly.
David Wold: Yes, Mark, we're aware of the new contract that's being rolled out. We'll keep an eye on it as it's introduced, although we monitor the futures market, it's not something we've used extensively given our business objectives and the volumes that have historically been traded there. And to your point on the species involved, it's possible the new contract may provide a little more volume and liquidity in the market. There may be a scenario where we'd have some use for the new contract and targeted transactions, but it's not something we'd anticipate using broadly at this point.
David Wold: Sure. Yes. I mean, as you'd expect, we've got a view on the intrinsic value of the Company, and that's informed by a number of factors. It's -- importantly, it's based on our long-term view of the Company. So, we've got some thoughts on that that we look at, and we're always evaluating all the opportunities available to us, and it's going to depend on the events and circumstances that are in place at the time and the opportunities that are available to us. But we'll continue to be disciplined in all of those options and weighing them opportunistically.
Mark Wilde: Just first of all, kind of curious for both of you. It sounded to me this morning, like you're maybe toggling a little more toward kind of the potential for share repurchase activity and perhaps in light of kind of prospective weakness in the housing market and weakness in share prices. Is that fair? It just seemed like you put more emphasis on that this morning than I have ever heard in the past.
Mark Wilde: David, would you want to put a little color on just the process that you go through as you think about sort of the value of your stock versus going out and trying to buy incremental Timberland market.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then also, I guess, kind of related to this whole question here. It appears to me that sort of the increased focus on ESG has brought down the discount rates that people are using and looking at Timberland transactions. And I just -- I wonder if you agree with that based on what you've seen over the last three to five years in the Timberland market? And then if you could just give us some sense of what you think others might be using in terms of discount rate? What's implied in what you've seen in timber transactions that have been done out there.
