Devin Stockfish: Thank you, Russell. In closing, I am extremely proud of the work that our people are doing all across the company. Our teams are delivering strong operational performance in each of our businesses despite challenging market conditions. In every area that we can control, our employees are driving solid execution each and everyday. We remain intently focused on serving our customers and delivering operational excellence in every aspect of our business. Looking forward, we continue to expect that U.S. housing will follow a modest growth trajectory, which should ultimately support improved pricing across our commodity products. And with our businesses running well, we're well positioned to capture the full benefits of an improved housing environment. But as we continue to improve our operating performance and optimize our portfolio, we will also position the company to deliver superior value to our shareholders across the range of market conditions. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. Sure, George. And I think I would note that we have seen an uptick in the first half of the year that really sort of translated all the way into Q3 on Southern sawlog prices. So we have seen a bit of an uptick this year. Now, candidly some of that had to do with the rain that we had in the first part of the year, the tension in some of the wood baskets, but I think we have seen some improvement year-over-year. But ultimately, what it comes down to is supply and demand within the region, and this has been a long story in terms of getting the Southern sawlog prices up. But ultimately what gives us confidence that ultimately we are going to see the improvement is the improved capacity that we're seeing coming into the U.S. South 5.5 billion board feet of incremental capacity coming in. When we look at the wood baskets where the new mills have come in we have seen tensioning within those wood baskets. And as that capacity continues to come in and get online you see that tensioning effect. Additionally, on the pulp side, we've seen a number of pellet mills come in. In fact, Enviva just broke ground on a new pellet mill in Mississippi. And so it takes time for each of those mills to come in, get up to speed and start taking logs. But again, as we've seen these mills come in, in the specific wood baskets where we've seen incremental capacity you see a tensioning effect. And over time that brings up the demand across the system. The other thing I would just note is, over time we also think there is an opportunity for an export program to really develop out of the U.S. South. Pre-tariffs, we were really working to build up that program and making some good headway in terms of exporting logs out of the U.S. South. I think ultimately when the tariff dispute ultimately comes to resolution we're going to see that opportunity open back up. And so it takes time, it's been slower than we would have expected or like, but I think we're on the right trajectory over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I think a couple of things on the Western market. Ultimately, the Western system is a very tensioned market. And so I think the biggest driver that you see in terms of Western log prices is what's going on with the Western lumber prices. And so when you have mills that see lumber prices reduce dramatically, there's a limit to how much they can pay for logs and keep those cash flow positive. So I'd say that's been the biggest driver. There have been a couple of other things around the margins the trade dispute with China. We continue to ship logs to our customers in China, but I do think a number of other landowners in the Pacific Northwest have kept some of that supply in the domestic market. A little bit around the margins, there were some wind damage in South Oregon. And so there's been a little bit to salvage activity there that's been a little bit of headwind down in that market, but overall the big driver has really just been Western lumber prices. And so as we look forward sitting where we are today, we're moving into the rainy season here in the Pacific Northwest. In fact, last few weeks it has been pretty rainy up here, and that typically will take the non-industrial landowners out of the system. It will reduce log flow. And so provided that we can keep Western lumber prices at these levels or even get some uptick, I think that bodes well for improved log prices in the west.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, starting off with the question on inventories in the channel, it's really been the story of the year. We've seen customers carrying relatively low inventories. I would say that's the case now, generally speaking, across the system, really in lumber, OSB and EWP, fairly lean inventories across the system. And I think that's just a reflection of the fact that for the majority of the year, the supply has been adequate. So people can buy on an as-needed basis and that really has enforced people to carry material inventories. And so, that's currently the case. What I would say from a broader perspective, I think, there is reason to believe that you're going to see some upward pricing pressure. We've seen a fair amount of curtailment activity over the course of this year, even some more announced just recently. And importantly, we've seen the continued improvement in housing and importantly the single-family segment. And so, to us, to the extent that you see this building activity continue in the strong level that we've seen here of late and we can keep that going for a while longer before the winter weather sets in, combined with the capacity curtailments that have been announced, I think that really bodes well for pricing as we head into the end of the year. But certainly, I would say, even and over and above that as we think about the 2020 building season, which is a little ways out, but it's always worth thinking about, I think we're setting up really well to have a materially different view next year on what pricing looks like and what 2019 look like.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. From an operating perspective, we're sort of in that mid to upper-90s percent range, which is more or less where we were in Q2 as well. And I think, at a high level it's important to remember when you're thinking about our OSB business. Number one, we typically are a little bit more heavily weighted to the higher value products and so a little less of a participant in the commodity sheathing portion of the business. And I think importantly, we've been very, very focused on our cost structure and that's true across all of our manufacturing assets. Certainly, that's the case in our OSB business as well. And so, to the extent that you've got higher-value products and you've got a lower cost structure, I think that's really what gives you the ability to continue to run and generate cash where that may not be the case for some others. And that was certainly the case for us in OSB in Q3. We were cash flow positive in all of our mills in each of the months, except for one mill that had some scheduled maintenance downtime. And so, we're thoughtful about our operating posture, we're always looking to match our supply with profitable demand and generate appropriate returns over time. But, I think, as I mentioned, just the product mix and the cost structure give us a little bit more flexibility in that respect.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. This is Devin. No question, the China trade dispute has had a negative impact on the hardwood sawtimber market and I think you're seeing that really across the board. I think certainly as we think about going forward to the extent that the trade dispute can get resolved, I think that will be alleviated, but it's going to be some tough sledding in that market until that ultimately does happen. In terms of specific opportunities, I don't know that there is anything that we would highlight right now. We're watching the market across the board that's true both in the hardwood business and really the rest of our ownerships, so nothing specific to highlight on that right now.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I think part of this earlier in the summer, when we really started to see a little bit of pickup in the activity was there was a bit of destocking. I think there was probably a bit more spec home inventory in the system that had to be worked through. And so not all of that pickup in activity really translated into actual Wood Products demand pull through. I think you're starting to see that get more into balance. And as we see the starts activity and the new home sales activity continue to improve that should have more pull through. The other thing I think that's been really hard in terms of dialing in the supply-demand dynamic is with all of the curtailment activity that we've seen that introduces noise into the system. And so when you see some of these mills take indefinite or permanent shutdowns, there is an inventory flushing that typically occurs in the system. And I think that's part of what we saw in Q3 as some of these mills closed down and we're really eliminating the inventory. You probably saw a little bit more of that flushing through that had a bit of a dampening effect on pricing. But ultimately there is no question as we continue to see housing improve and if this trend continues which we think it will that ultimately will result in more Wood Products demand. And you combine that with the curtailment activity, put the noise aside that will be I think a positive for commodity pricing across the board.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. Honestly, I don't think we're overly concerned about that. There are a lot of impediments to rapidly increasing logging of federal land, the litigation environment, frankly the capacity in the system to do that. So it's not something that we're particularly concerned about. I think even if we do see a little bit of an uptick it's not going to have a material impact on any of our businesses.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the important thing for us when we think about the Japan housing market is the post and beam market. And so that really is where our product feeds into the construction activity and that's been up 1% year-to-date. And so that has remained a pretty strong market for us. Our customers in Japan have had steady demand and we continue to see that. I think as you think over time the one piece that is always a little bit of a variable is just with currency. That market is served by European supply and U.S. supply. But our customers are doing well. They have had strong demand, good activity there. And so we're seeing good solid activity into that market and anticipate that continuing.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I think as you think about the 5.5 billion board feet that are coming in, I would say we're good way down the path on that starting up operations, and it's differential as you mentioned by region. I think there are still a few mills that are coming in that will have an impact on us others less so. But generally speaking, we have operations in all major wood baskets. And so we may be a little bit more heavily weighted to some states versus the other, but there will be some impact really across the board in each of those new mills coming into place.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I would say that they are still relatively lean across the system and that's true for lumber OSB and EWP.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I would say there is always a minor benefit when OSB prices go down to our EWP business, because the web stock is one of the products that goes into the end-use. But I would say at a higher level, this is the case really across all of our manufacturing businesses. We have been doing a lot of work to improve our operating performance and to improve our cost structure, and that's true in EWP. It's true in our distribution business. And although we've seen product pricing a bit challenging this year, I would say that's equally true for lumber and OSB. These businesses are operating as well as they ever have, and that has been a really important focus for us in our overall business strategy. And so, you're seeing that now. I think as we alluded to earlier, when the businesses are operating well and we're continuing to prove -- improve every day. When we do see an uptick in the housing activity and the commodity prices, we're really well positioned to generate a lot of value from these assets.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. What I would really attribute that to you is all of the work that we've done to improve efficiencies, improve recovery, the operating performance, the continued focus on cost generally. I mean amongst our various manufacturing assets, some are maybe a little bit better located relative to fiber than others. I wouldn't say that in and of itself is the key driver, it's really just been the continued focus on improving our operations and keeping a very tight control on cost. And that ultimately has been the big driver for us.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. Well as you can imagine, this case is currently under criminal investigation by the U.S. Attorney. So there is a limited amount we can really comment on. But what I would say is, it's very disappointing. The employee obviously no longer works for us. We've instituted appropriate controls to ensure that this doesn't happen again. And so, that's really what we can say there, very disappointing situation.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. You know I think the important thing to remember on that, 5.5 billion is that announced capacity. And so that's just been coming in tranches over the last several years. And we still have a little bit left to go. And to your point, once you actually commission a sawmill to the point where it's running full, and you start adding the second shift that's a process that can take six to 12 months frankly. And so, we've seen certain of our competitors that have put in mills. And it can take a little longer at times. I will say for our two mills in particular Millport and Dierks, we've actually done a really nice job in getting those mills up the start-up curve. Ultimately that will add around 300 million board feet of incremental capacity to those two mills. And so, it's a complex process to get mills up and running, after you get them started. And really get them fully operational. And that does take some time. But we're confident that all of that, 5.5 billion is ultimately going to come in. This is one of the best wood baskets to manufacture lumber certainly in North America, if not the world. And so, we think that's going to continue to happen here in the near-term.
Devin Stockfish: All right, well I think that was the last question. So I'll just say thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. And have a great day.
Russell Hagen: Yeah, George, this is Russell. I'll take that question. I don't think much has changed since the last time we talked last quarter in the timberland's market. We're a little closer to be year-end. I think we've seeing about $750 million worth of transactions closed. As we look in the pipeline, there's probably another $750 million that will close. So the full year we'll expect to see in the U.S. about $1.5 billion worth of transactions. That's definitely lower than kind of what we would expect on a run rate of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. That doesn't include any large transactions like the PotlatchDeltic transaction last year. So definitely, we're a little lighter this year than I think we would have expected given what we've seen in prior years, but I really don't think that's a reflection on the market per se. I think it's just a timing issue. There is still a lot of demand for quality timberlands, the transactions that are coming out get a lot of attention. And so I would expect to see us return to a more kind of normal run rate basis going forward.
Russell Hagen: Brian, there's kind of two points. The first is, timberland values typically don't trade kind of correlated to log pricing. When you're going into acquire timberland asset you're thinking over a longer-term period of time than just the immediate log price dynamics. And so I think that's factored into the overall investment and valuations. The second is in the West. As Devin mentioned, that's a very tensioned market. And part of that is the ownership structure is very different than say in the South. There's fewer private owners in the West, there's more federal and state ownership. And so, you really just don't have the same kind of number of available transactions in the market that you see in the South plus. The West is really an excellent timber base. The trees are high valued Doug fir, primarily grown for a sawlog-type product. And so, they really are of a high value. And I think, again, as you see any Western timberlands come to market you're going to see a lot of demand, particularly of their high-quality timberlands.
Russell Hagen: Yeah. Anthony, this is Russell. So we did announce the 555,000 acres sale to Lyme timber for $300 million at $540 an acre. And that represents our total Michigan ownership. We have a mix of hardwood logs and pulpwood, so we service both some saw milling and then also pulp activities up there and then there is also a softwood component. We're on target to close in the fourth quarter and so we're very pleased with the overall transaction and the outcome. As far as other Northern Timberlands, I won't comment on specifics, but as we demonstrated, we continue to look at the portfolio. Our goal is to optimize the portfolio over time and the Michigan sale was part of that ongoing effort. So it's a key strategic driver of ours to make sure that we have the right mix of acres that will drive the highest return to the shareholders over time. So we're constantly looking at all of our regions and it's something we're always evaluating, both on the buy side and on the sell side. So as part of that process, we're going to identify certain timberlands that may not be strategic for us and we'll act on those appropriately. And on the buy side, we can be very patient. We have 12 million acres. We're in every operating region in the United States. And so we can be patient and make sure that anything that we contemplate creates shareholder value over time.
Russell Hagen: Yeah, Mark, we don't break out the specific earnings in a segment. But you're right, it's about 25% of the total acres in the North. I think for context, last year we generated $19 million to $20 million of EBITDA out of the Northern Timberland operation. So that can kind of give you an idea of generally what the contribution was.
Russell Hagen: Mark as we've said in the past, our focus has definitely been kind of in the West and in the South. When you think of the North, it's -- the West it's pretty consistent I guess growing areas primarily Doug fir, primarily the sawlog outcome; in the South, it's Southern Yellow Pine, pine plantation. When you look in the North, we really have four distinct kind of areas. We have Montana and Michigan, Maine and then West Virginia and each one of them have distinct products, distinct customers, distinct strategies. And so, I would say that you do need to look at it on an individual kind of region basis in the North or in the North it's not as comparable clearly to the West or the South.
Russell Hagen: Mark, the provision for income tax is this year has been primarily driven by the performance in the TRS and primarily Wood Products performance. As you're aware, we calculate the estimated annual tax rate on a consolidated basis, so combining the REIT and tax for REIT subsidiary, because we don't pay taxes on the REIT income. We get a lot of volatility in the effective tax rate, particularly when the other proportion of earnings between the REIT and the TRS changes, which is really what you're seeing this year. So, as we've said, the fourth quarter rate is going to be highly dependent on Wood Products pricing just as a function of that proportion. I think as we come into 2020, we should start seeing that tax rate normalize as we have improved performance, particularly in the Wood Products operations.
Russell Hagen: Yes. I mean, we don't pay tax coming out of the REIT. So on the TRS, probably more of an all-in rate of around 25%. Again we'll provide guidance in February when we update our guidance for 2020 for you.
Russell Hagen: Sure. So specific to the Florida headline that's a relatively small development area. It's been about 1,700 acres. We've been pursuing entitlement over a number of years. As you're aware, the entitlement process can be a bit of a bumpy road. And so I think that's really what you're saying, but that really is not a significant contributor to our overall performance on the overall real estate program. As far as Maine, we completed that entitlement back in 2012. Since that time, we really haven't seen that market materialize for development. And so we're opting to seek to convert that back into timberlands and manage it on a sustainable basis like we manage all of our timberlands. Again that really isn't a significant contributor to the overall real estate performance going forward. As far as the entitlement, I mean it's a relatively low cost way of taking properties up the value curve. And so we're seeing opportunity to entitle a property and then divest it to a developer or another party, we're going to pursue that and we think through every one of our opportunities pretty clear understanding that it just takes time, but ultimately we're trying to seek the highest value for those lands that we've identified for development outcomes and then also for HBU sales.
Russell Hagen: Yeah that's fair. Again it is very -- it’s a relatively small subset of our overall AVO portfolio. And again it's a low cost way of taking that property up the value curve.
