Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. In summary, we're encouraged by our performance during the quarter. We continue to focus on improving our financial results with current market conditions. The performance of our Wood Products segment during the quarter is evidence of this progress. The increasing housing demand that we are now experiencing, if sustained, will give us the opportunity to flex up to meet profitable demand in our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate segments by increasing harvest levels, wood products production and home construction. Continued firming of pulp pricing will position us for improving results from our Cellulose Fibers segment. We remain committed to safely improving our overall performance, and we're well positioned to take full advantage of opportunities that emerge from an improving market. And now we welcome your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: The primary reason for the decline in the price and backlog, George, is answered by mix. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we had mix issues across our various markets. We have higher-priced product, for instance, in San Diego and the Washington DC area, lower-priced product in places like Phoenix. And what we've seen over the last 3 to 6 months that is reflected in our backlog is a recovery in sales in some of those lower-priced markets, ahead of what we're longer term expecting to see coming from, let's say, Southern California. So we had a very significant increase in activity, for instance, in Arizona, not just in the last quarter but really going back probably 6 months. And Arizona generally is a lower-priced market. Those are lower margins. And so that's also impacting our margins. So it is more of a mix issue.  We also had, for instance, in Washington DC, which is a higher-priced market, a period of time where we had a heavier shift to multi-family. So we're in some larger master-planned communities. And for example, in some of those master plans, we have a requirement to build affordable housing as part of the entitlement process, those are lower-priced units. And so that would affect both the margin that you see falling as well as sale price. So it is more a function of where the homes are. And for instance in some markets, we are beginning to be able to pass through price increases. So I think that most of the price decline due to the softness of the market is behind us, and there'll be some choppiness as mix shifts as we come out of this. And we'll try to keep you informed, so that there's no surprises.
Daniel S. Fulton: To your question of WRECO in the balance of the year, yes, we will return to profitability. What happens in the first quarter is that it is our lowest quarter for closings. And so we end up in a loss position fundamentally because of G&A. And as the volume picks up through the year, then you'll see those break into profitability. As Patty mentioned, we expect to be profitable in the second quarter. And then through the balance of the year, we'll be delivering the homes that we have sold earlier in the year, so we'll have the margins from those sales come through the P&L. So we would certainly expect that to recover.  In terms of what the margins may be in the balance of the year, we had good visibility today for second quarter margins. It gets a little bit fuzzier as we look at third and fourth quarter because we -- some of the closings that will occur in third and fourth quarter will be from sales that we haven't even entered into yet.  With respect to Cellulose Fibers in your portfolio question, we believe that the Cellulose Fibers business is a good fit for our portfolio. We are a strong competitor in the fluff business in particular, where we have very strong relationships with growing global customers. What the Cellulose Fibers business does for us is it gives us really terrific global exposure because about roughly 2/3 of our sales are for customers outside of the U.S. And so we believe long-term trends or demand for fluff are very positive. And the relationships that we are building with our customers that are growing give us confidence that we will be able to maintain profitability and grow with them. Patty mentioned when she was talking about projects that we're spending money on this year in our CapEx, the Poland facility, so that's a conversion facility that will give us increased product to sell to key global customer as they expand into Europe and North Africa. And we believe that we're a strong competitor in that business, and it's a good fit for us.
Daniel S. Fulton: So our overall export volumes were slightly off in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter. That's fundamentally a China statement. As I mentioned, we had a significant slowdown in exports to China starting in the fourth quarter continuing into the first quarter, and that caused a shift in mix. So in very round numbers, that 80% of our export volume went to Japan, 10% Korea, slightly more than 10% going to China. Now we go back to the fourth quarter, those numbers were sort of mid-60s for Japan. China had actually grown to be 25% of our export volumes. So we are returning to more typical mix. Our long-term market continues to be Japan. Those are higher quality logs. That's our most valuable resource that we're exporting off of the West Coast, and we see that demand continuing to be steady. And it has been growing. We are well positioned to sell into the China market as we did last year, because of the location of our lands and the advantage facilities that we had to ship off the West Coast. So longer term, we continue to expect the export to be a significant part of our activity. Off the West Coast, Japan will continue to be our major market, but we will take advantage of opportunities to serve longer-term customers in Korea, to build market share in China and also to take advantage of opportunities that are beginning to emerge in some other export markets beyond those big 3.
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we've been -- we have been shipping some lumber to China out of Canada. And actually, on a year-over-year basis, our export volume to China out of Canada roughly doubled. They have, as you know, the wood that goes to China is used for industrial purposes, concrete forms and packing and crating, at least as it relates to softwood. So the Chinese government did impose, try to control to try to slow down growth, to try to slow down some real estate development. We would expect that activity to start to recover. We will continue to take advantage of that opportunity as it exists. In our lumber business, out of Canada, once again our primary customer is -- has been Japan. And that's a higher quality wood than is going to China. But we'll take advantage of the opportunities as they present themselves. We are -- in our Wood Products business, we are exporting lumber. We are also starting to export some amount of OSB and engineered products into Asia also.
Daniel S. Fulton: I don't expect that it changes our strategy long term. So what we're seeing is, housing is a regional business. And we do have different value propositions in each market. I talked about the recovery in demand, particularly in Arizona. That happens to be a market that has good positive employment growth. I think on the last call, I noted that last year, there were nearly 100,000 housing transactions in the Phoenix market. So that market seems to have recovered just as we're starting to see some recovery in Florida. We're not an active builder there, but investors have come in and picked up excess inventory, and so the market is now starting to recover. So the lower-priced markets where we operate, Phoenix, we're seeing strong recovery. I noted Las Vegas in my comments. Las Vegas is coming off a rare variable base, but we did see a pickup on a year-over-year basis. Sales in Las Vegas [indiscernible] transactions are starting to occur. We had 2 new openings in Las Vegas, actually higher-priced product that sold very well. So it's not simply people that are looking for foreclosed homes that are buying homes. The markets are starting to recover. So I don't expect our strategy to change in any of our given markets. We will allocate capital in order to provide lots to be able to build those homes, part of that working basis. But I don't see any significant shift longer term for us in our value propositions in markets or in the longer term mixed results.
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes. So our primary products in our Wood Products business are lumber and OSB and engineered wood products, which we split between our TJIs in our solid sections. Lumber has throughout the cycle maintained a somewhat higher operating rate because there are multiple outlets for lumber. As we see the market pick up for housing, you would expect to see lumber pick up along with the appropriate level of starts. OSB is a product that is more heavily weighted to new construction, but we have some industrial uses, and we have been expanding our activity in the R&R market. So as you see a pickup in activity, that should translate very quickly into OSB. That has had a somewhat lower operating rate than lumber because we've had fewer outlets for that product. In the engineered business or TJIs in solid sections, that's fundamentally a new construction product, either for single-family or multi-family. And so that probably has the most significant, immediate impact as the activity picks up either for singles or multis. That product goes into both, and so we have the most leverage on the upside coming from that business because we've got the lowest operating rates today, Mark, in that product line. And then there are -- there's still an issue out there as to the mix between singles and multis, and what the appropriate square footages are for each of those. But I think the most significant upside in those 3 product lines and a pickup in housing would be seen in the Engineered business because we've got the lowest operating rates, and so much more ability to increase production there. But you'll see it in all product lines.
Daniel S. Fulton: I can't do that because it varies by market and by project. And let me give you an example, Mark. And probably the 2 extremes would be Houston, Texas, where historically we have purchased auctioned lots from land developers. So fundamentally, the primary profit and margin that you see in Houston comes from homebuilding. We do, as you know, have some land development activity down there, but roughly 2/3 of our homes in Houston are built on lots that we purchased from others. The other extreme would be San Diego, where we've got a long land position in a market that is very difficult to obtain entitlements. And that's the nature of why we have a longer land position there. And so the margins that come from our San Diego homes are a lot higher and clearly, there's a significant component of that, that relates to the land. But I can't give you a rule of thumb across all markets because every market is different. And quite frankly, every project has some unique history to it as to who owned the land and how long it was owned and whether it was ours or someone else's.
Daniel S. Fulton: Our offshore timber is really located in 2 markets. As you know, Uruguay is our largest position. We have roughly 345,000 acres. And then we've got a small joint venture in Fujian province in Southern China. That's about a 50,000-acre partnership. We are growing out the timberland in Uruguay. We started with rings land and planted it. It is now moving to a stage of harvest maturity. We're growing primarily to a soft timber regime in that market. We have one manufacturing facility, it's a plywood mill that we built where we are producing plywood. And I think it's an area of the world. Quite frankly, it could use some more conversion facilities in order to monetize the timber that is growing there. So we're well situated with our plywood mill. We've seen some improvement in performance out of that. That mill originally was built with the thought that the market would primarily be South Eastern U.S. And it just turned out because of the U.S. housing downturn, most of that product is being sold throughout South America and increasingly Mexico, with some outlet into Europe for higher-grade tropical panel replacement. So that's all the color that I can add. At this point in terms of expanding Timberlands ownership, our focus is, is U.S., it's not global for a variety of reasons. We know the U.S. the best, and U.S. is one of the few markets in the world where you can own the fee, which is important.
Daniel S. Fulton: We have -- prices have been relatively steady in that marketplace. We made a conscious decision, Chip, to increase the amount of third-party sales. So that was a market where historically most of the logs went to our own mills. We felt that we needed and wanted some diversification, and so we've consciously increased sales to third parties. They're roughly 20% to 25% of our Southern harvest. And then this year with the increasing lumber prices and some recovery in U.S. housing, we are flowing more of those logs to our own conversion facilities to take advantage of the increased activity or increased prices in lumber. So it's been a conscious decision on our part to increase harvest because we have profitable outlets for the logs.
Daniel S. Fulton: At this point, I don't think we have enough visibility, Anthony, regarding the second half. All of our intelligence suggest that it should be picking up the second half. 2011 was such a strong year in terms of exports to China. I would be surprised if our volume would for the full year be equivalent to what it was in 2011, but I really can't speculate.
Daniel S. Fulton: I don't have specifics that would provide a lot of guidance for you. We are exploring opportunities for other markets in Asia, both off the West Coast and to some extent out of the South. We are engaged in some initial activity and shipments into the Mediterranean from the U.S. South, and not only for logs but limited extent to lumber. And so we are exploring opportunities both in the West and the South. We've never been really an exporter out of the South. We're very limited, but we are finding some opportunity given that we are growing high-quality sawlogs, and Southern yellow pine and given the size and the nature of the "clear" wood in those logs, they become attractive for some other markets, and so not enough specific to give you much help but we are in fact -- got some pilot activity both other countries in Asia as well as in Europe.
Daniel S. Fulton: I can't speculate. We do see growing demand. They have -- if you just look at their GDP, they are going to need fiber for a lot of purposes. The big breakthrough for China would be if we started to see some increased activity in wood frame construction. Canadian Wood Products Council has been leading that initiative for some period of time, and that will be very significant if that were to occur. We expect the activity to increase over time. They also pull logs from New Zealand. Russia, we talked about a lot, it's a question. But the West Coast is very well situated to supply China. And we would expect that given the growth over time, it'll become a more significant market for all of us in North America.
Daniel S. Fulton: Multi-family is a broad category, so it captures attached housing generally, some of which is for sale and some of which is rental. So we build a limited amount of multi-family in primarily townhouse structures. We've always been active in the Washington DC market, for instance. In Maryland and Virginia, we build townhomes. And we have the ability to build multi-family. We've done it in the past. We are not an apartment developer, but we have the ability and have in the past built for sale attached housing that would be low rise. Generally, when we have land in a master-planned community with multi-family, we sell it to a multi-family developer. And so when we report land sales in some cases we had some last year, we're selling to apartment developers. For our business model, we prefer for sale housing rather than rental. And so it would be a significant change for us to jump into that business. Actually, I'm more bullish on single-family starting to show some recovery.
Daniel S. Fulton: That's a strategy that we reversed last year. So we had been going to market under the umbrella of iLevel for all of our Wood Products. And last year, we made a determination to revert to our strongest brand, which is Weyerhaeuser and the Trus Joist brand. In the marketplace, everyone calls them TJI's units, they're not ours probably. It is a -- we got the leading brand in the business, and we're building on that and taking advantage of it. So we're going to market under the Weyerhaeuser name and under the Trus Joist name because we believe that's our strength and that's the reputation, and quite frankly, our customers tell us that, that's what they prefer.
Daniel S. Fulton: The transition to that extended schedule will take place over likely a 2- to 3-year period. The scheduled annual maintenance that we have today is not focused on that transition. It is normal maintenance that we need to do for the safety and longevity of our equipment. But we are taking advantage of those annual shutdowns in order to make some incremental changes and improvements that would allow us to accomplish this transition, so it will be a 2- to 3-year period.
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, as it relates to what's happening in Japan, we saw an increasing amount of activity late in the year and first quarter was relatively steady. We expect Japan to maintain, perhaps pick up a bit. We're not seeing any significant earthquake rebuild activity that's driving increased volumes. Some of that may be happening, but it's not obvious to us. We anticipated that the rebuild would take some period of time because of the need to initially rebuild infrastructure. The initial response in Japan was focused on temporary housing. That's been accomplished. That was mostly modular. And there was -- some amount of wood product involved in that but not significant amounts. The areas that were most hard hit by the tsunami and the earthquake were rural and not have heavily populated. And so most of the rebuild activity will be longer term. And we expect not to see anything like we did, Josh, in response to the Kobe earthquake, which was a heavily urbanized area, and a lot of rebuilding had to take place over the 2- to 3-year period. So I'm sure it had some incremental volume over time, but it's not terribly significant.
Daniel S. Fulton: The mix shift that we're seeing is primarily related to geography, Paul. We've been through a period where over the last 2 to 3 years, we had some decline in square footage, and certainly a lot of the upgrades had disappeared from these homes. But interestingly, in a market-by-market basis, we're seeing some increased activity in higher-priced homes. So in Phoenix where we've had terrific sales, we are not a first-time buyer of product there. We sell second -- first-time move-up, second-time move-up.  In the Puget Sound area, our Quadrant operation has actually moved its price point up and is providing really a higher quality, more amenitized house than they were 4 or 5 years ago. Our most recent openings in Las Vegas have been higher-priced homes, 4-car garage, price range $350,000 to $400,000, plus or minus. So that's not to say that's happening everywhere but in our own mix, the primary factor ends up being where that house is, and where the sales are occurring as we start to look at the relative percentage of where our sales are coming from or where the closings are coming from in any one period. We've seen that shift and so, plus or minus 5% of total closings. We saw on a quarter-over-quarter basis, a percentage of our closings dropped 5% in San Diego, went up 5% in Phoenix. And those kinds of shifts will be enough to throw off the weighted average of either margin or price. So it gets a little bit complicated to have a broadbrush explanation for what's going on. We are not seeing a rush to the bottom in terms of price or removing amenities. In fact, I think what's happening now is there had been a lot of foreclosed houses on the market. People that are coming into new home sales offices are looking for a home that is more customized, that probably has more features and it meets their needs much more closely than buying -- trying to buy a foreclosed house either from a bank or in an auction. And we view that as being very positive.
Daniel S. Fulton: Okay, let me just provide one minute of wrap-up comments here. I want to thank everybody for your questions and your comments. Patty mentioned that we have our New York Analyst Meeting coming up. It's just less than 2 weeks away, and so we hope that we'll see you there. If you have questions following this call, I encourage you to follow up with Kathy. And finally, I thank all of you for taking the time to join us this morning and for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Gail, to your specific question about -- in the first quarter, we saw coming out of the fourth quarter a lot of inventory in China and into the first quarter, and some of that was also due to some of the Chinese government policy, which we are starting to see some signs of monetary easing by the Chinese government. So that's encouraging. In terms of the impact going into the second quarter, we don't see a lot of pickup, but we see some of that inventory being worked off. So that's why in my comments, I focused primarily on the second half of the year in terms of the resurgence of Chinese demand. We don't see a lot of that impact of it happening in the second quarter, but rather that inventory continue to be worked down.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Gail, I really think as it relates to our lumber exports, as Dan said, similar to logs. Japan is a much more important market for us because most of our lumber production comes out of Alberta. It's not as affected by the beetle damaged wood as some of the other producers. So we produce and export more to Japan of a higher J-grade than probably other producers that you might be hearing from.
Patricia M. Bedient: We don't forecast land sales because they are lumpy. But I can tell you based upon what we see right now that we wouldn't see a big difference in the second quarter compared to the first. But as we've talked about in the past, that can move around. But as we sit here today, it doesn't make a big difference quarter-over-quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, what we tried to do on the Chart 13 was really give you what makes up that. So as you think about walking down that chart, the unallocated corporate functional expenses, I wouldn't see that changing significantly throughout the year in terms of the quarter impact. The unallocated share-based comp does move around because that's tied to, for the most part, the volatility in our stock price.  Pension and postretirement costs, probably pretty stable. Foreign exchange gains, that's the result of changes in primarily the Canadian dollar on our intercompany borrowings. So those would be the primary items as you think about. So as the foreign exchange Canadian dollar, if that moves around, that will impact that number. Just roughly, I would say, probably $0.01 change makes about a $3 million-ish, give or take. And it's also a function of the currency fluctuation as well as the level of borrowings inter-company, how that goes on through year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter. And then on share-based comp, probably about $1 movement in the stock price is roughly $1.5 million to $2 million, so maybe that will help you to calibrate throughout the quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. That's just really made up of a bunch of little things. There's a whole list. That's why wouldn't call out anything separately there. Other is a bunch of $1 million or $2 million kind of unique items quarter-over-quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: It's kind of random, I would say. It's probably somewhere between that $2 million and $7 million number.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Chip. Let me maybe walk through a couple of things that could help you as you go forward. So as you mentioned, it is sensitive to the mix of REIT income versus TRS income and, of course, we don't provide for any tax, corporate tax on the REIT income. So as you think about the TRS income, which is primarily the income from our manufacturing businesses, Cellulose Fibers, Wood Products and our WRECO subsidiary. But also remember that the interest expense is at the TRS as well. So as we look forward for this year for the rate on the TRS results, we are looking at an effective rate of about 25%. And if you look at the first quarter, and now these are just broad rules of thumb, but if you looked at the first quarter and said take the contribution to pretax earnings and exclude the special items and then take away the Timberland earnings and take away the interest expense, you'd get a TRS loss of about $83 million. And then again if you exclude out of the tax benefit the impact of the special items, which you can get from Chart 2 in the package, you'll get about a 25% rate for the first quarter, and we would see that 25% rate being the effective rate for the year, again, depending upon what the ultimate mix of income is. That 25% is lower than what the U.S. statutory rate is because of the mix of U.S. versus non-U.S. earnings.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. So all of the interest expense is at the TRS. As it relates to Timberland results, there are pieces in both, but most of the Timberland income is at the REIT level. So if just as a broad rule of thumb, if you take the Timberland income away, you get pretty close.
Patricia M. Bedient: We'll have a similar amount of maintenance in terms of costs compared to the first quarter with the exception of a couple of the mills, one which had in their maintenance shut that carried over into the second quarter for a day or 2. And then one of our mills were actually finishing up some power boiler expense, so the mill is up and running, but we're finishing up some maintenance there. So I would expect that quarter-over-quarter, we'll be up in maintenance somewhere around $5 million to $10 million, probably closer to $5 million when you look at quarter-over-quarter. In terms of the total maintenance in the first quarter for Cellulose Fibers, I think we were somewhere around low 20s for maintenance costs. And then you have to add on top of that the lost productivity, some a little bit of additional chemicals, et cetera. I don't have the exact number for that, Mark.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. We'll have a similar amount of maintenance in the second quarter, and we had 2 mills down in the first, so about similar in the second quarter to the first quarter. So we'll have some maintenance, but it'll be much less in the second half. Most of it will be done in the first half.
Patricia M. Bedient: Josh, just to be clear in terms of the second quarter outlook, we said that volumes would be pretty much flat. It's just the realizations we said that might soften somewhat, and that's really more of a currency statement in terms of competitive pressure from European supply because of the weaker euro. So our volumes to Japan should be very stable in second quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: As you think about who we export to, Paul, we're exporting. Most of our product is export of logs and certainly, our customers in Japan especially our largest customer's taking market share.
