Doyle Simons: Thank you, Russell. I'll wrap up with some brief comments on merger synergies and integration. We continue to implement the changes necessary to achieve our $100 million hard dollar cost synergy target. As of the end of the third quarter, we have achieved about two-thirds of these reductions on a run rate basis. I'm highly confident, we will meet or exceed our $100 million run rate cost synergy target by the end of year one. We've also fully identified the sources of reductions for the $35 million of costs formally allocated to Cellulose Fibers and are on track to eliminate these costs within one year of closing the International Paper transaction. The integration with Plum Creek continues to progress well. Working together will be the foundation of our success and I'm encouraged by the team work I see within and between the businesses and functions of our merged company. I'm excited by what we've achieved and where we're going, and I look forward to continuing to share our successes with you as we work together to drive value for shareholders, through a focused portfolio, industry leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. And now with that, I'd like to open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Doyle Simons: Yes, Anthony as we previously said, we're very actively involved with and fully supported of the U.S. Coalition, and frankly, we would prefer the certainty of a negotiated agreement and hopeful that one will be reached. And as you mentioned, the governments are having ongoing negotiations and those are pretty fluid right now. With that said, as we've said consistently, any agreement would need to be consistent with the objective identified in the Obama-Trudeau joint statement, which is to maintain Canadian exports at or below an agreed U.S. market share to be negotiated. So, where we are now, I think is ongoing negotiations, but if no agreement is reached, we would expect a petition will be filed soon and then, we'll see how it plays out from that point forward. So, that's kind of where we are in the approach we're taking.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, there are a lot of moving pieces in the pricing for EWP currently. To get to your second part of your question, we anticipate EWP prices will be essentially flat in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Regarding the price increase, the price increase that went into place within the West in the second quarter and third quarter that was successful, but was offset by some pricing pressure in the East. As you know, Anthony, there's been a lot of dealer consolidation in the Eastern markets and a lot of jacking around has occurred in those markets. So, up in the West, down in the East, which has resulted in the net pricing that we saw in the third quarter, we think that's stabilized and anticipate essentially flat prices in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.
Doyle Simons: Yes, so I think, there were three things that impacted our lumber results in the third quarter versus the second quarter. And as you mentioned we had a strong second quarter in lumber, but three things in the third quarter. One was we had slightly lower sales volume. Two, as you mentioned, lower operating rates that was due to weather and some downtime for installation of some capital projects as we continue to invest capital in that business to drive down our overall cost structure. And then third and the most surprising one for us that log cost increased in Canada, that was weather-related, and as you may know Canada has been very wet this year and as a result having to spend additional dollars to get wood to the mills, so that had an impact. And then also we had higher log cost in the West, that's consistent with what we reported in our Timberlands operation. So those both higher log costs in Canada and the West impacted our margins and results in the third quarter versus the second quarter. Going forward, we would anticipate as we said, lumber prices in the fourth quarter to be essentially flat to maybe down just a little bit in fourth quarter versus third quarter.
Doyle Simons: Okay. So, George, to your point, we will be talking about both of those issues extensively in our December investor presentation, which we're looking forward to. But let me give you a sense on both of those. In terms of black at the bottom, as you know and we've talked about consistently over the past two years to three years, that has been our focus, in terms of our operational excellence initiatives, driving down our cost, the capital that we're spending, and we've made a lot of progress on that front. As you said, we're not there yet. But I would say, we're 60% to 70% of where we need to be, maybe even a little more than that in terms of getting our cost structure where we're black at the bottom. And as we've said before, what we measure that against is what happened back during the recession in the 2007, 2008, 2009 type timeframe. So, a lot of progress made there, more work to do. In terms of generally on track, George, I wouldn't over focused on the, generally. I would say, we are on track, in terms of our OpEx initiatives, still I guess, three months left in the year. So, didn't want get up over our sleeves, but again, we will give you a report on that in December but – and very pleased at the progress we're making in our Wood Products operation and frankly also in our Timberland operation, in terms of delivering against our OpEx targets for 2016.
Doyle Simons: Thanks for those questions, George, and I'll address the dividend increase and then, I'll ask Russell to answer the term loan question. So, in terms of the dividend, again as we've said it consistently, we are committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. 2006 is a very noisy year, as we all know as we do these various transactions, but looking into 2017 as we think about it, we're going to benefit from our cost – continue to benefit from our cost and operational synergies, continued OpEx improvements and what we believe will be stronger housing markets. To your point, we're also going to benefit from a portfolio perspective, from a much more stable earnings streams for Timberland. And as we just talked about improvements made in Wood Products cost structure to eliminate some of the downside. So with all that said, we'll be working very closely with our board to determine the right level of dividend going forward. And Russell, if you'll address the term loan question.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. I would not attribute it a much of it Chip to being vertically integrated. I would attribute it to all the things that we've been working on now for two years or three years starting to fall to the bottom line in terms of log recovery, controllable spend, preventive maintenance. Chip you've heard us talk ad nauseam about, it's the basic blocking and tackling. And I think, we're starting to see the benefit of that hitting the bottom line. And the other part of it, as you mentioned is kind of the products that we bring to market and the additional value that we give for some of those products. So I think it's a combination of both, but I think really the reason for the improvement that we've seen over the last two years or three years have primarily been driven by just basic blocking and tackling in that business.
Doyle Simons: Chip, I'm happy to say that it is no longer in that category. I think that business has proven the right, to be part of our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Now you constantly got to earn that right, but that business as you highlighted, and I appreciate you saying it, has made a dramatic turnaround in terms of bottom line performance.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, yeah, we're fortunate, Gail, from the hurricane perspective that we had minimal damage to our Timberlands operations due to the hurricane a couple of days or maybe a little few more that we were kind of out of the woods in the Atlantic region, but very minimal damage. In terms of – from a Wood Products perspective, we had some production loss as you would expect at our Atlantic mills, we had some minor water damage to some finished lumber, but nothing that's [Technical Difficulty] (34:32) financially.
Doyle Simons: I mean clearly, there's some uncertainty regarding the Softwood Lumber Agreement and how it plays out, Gail. But I wouldn't say it's affecting the way our customers are thinking about their ongoing business. And, in fact, customers continue to be – especially homebuilders continue to be very optimistic about the demand that's out there in terms of new home sales and just underlying demand for new houses. So, it's a minor part of our conversation, it's not a major part, but our customers continue to be optimistic for the balance of 2016 and into 2017.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, let's talk about that, and bottom line is we're encouraged by what we see in the export market currently. From a Weyerhaeuser perspective, we anticipate that – from – in Japan, which as you know is our most important market, that pricing will be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, due to steady demand and lower log supply that always happens in the fourth quarter. We think volume maybe down a little bit, but that's just going to be due to timing and the way the shipping worked. In China, we continue to see a solid demand, anticipate higher prices in China in the fourth quarter, and encouragingly inventories actually came down a little bit in third quarter versus the second quarter. They are currently at 3.38 million cubic meters, which is down from where they ended at the second quarter. In terms of just overall views on it, we've seen a slight increase in imports into China from Russia, but nothing significant, and New Zealand seems to have kind of stabilized. So, that's what we're seeing overall in export markets.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, that's the challenge that our customers face is Glulam that comes in from Europe, currencies have not been helpful from that perspective. But the good news in Japan is housing is growing 6%, 7%, 8%, and our customers continue to have very good demand for our Doug Fir which is used of course to build houses. And these solid logs or solid lumber is a preferred building material post and beam construction.
Doyle Simons: No, Mark, I wouldn't say it's slipped. Our focus has been on the South. And as I said, we are in the process of wrapping that up. Currently, we're in the latter stages of it. We'll then be moving to the West, and it may take us into the second quarter to complete it in the West. But I would actually tell you it's going very well. Our biggest opportunities as we said all along are in the South, so we're pleased that we're wrapping that up. And as Russell mentioned, I think we're going to start to really see the benefit of that in early 2017, as we move forward with this process. So, I would categorize it is right on track.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So Mark, as we previously mentioned, as part of this merger integration, we've been in a review of all 13-plus million acres of our timberland. As you know, Uruguay is a project that was started back from the ground-up back in the mid-1990s and is just now really coming into maturity. Our focus going forward is going to be primarily domestic and we think there may be an opportunity to position Uruguay with what I would call a more natural sponsor that maybe more focused on those markets going forward. In terms of what we'll do with the cash, as you would anticipate Mark, we'll run that through our capital allocation priorities as we do everything and figure out the best use of that cash to drive value for our shareholders long-term.
Doyle Simons: Mark, I would answer that this way and consistent with what we've said before. We're in the midst of a review of our overall timberland portfolio with 13-plus million acres that we now have, we have lots of flexibility as to how to create the most value for our shareholders, so we'll be factoring all that in, as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: But Mark, you're exactly right on your first comment that – yeah that doesn't mean they're not quality sales just because they were written up. So thank you for making that point, that's exactly right.
Doyle Simons: Yeah, Collin as you'll recall when we announced the merger with Plum Creek, we said at that point in time that we were going to do $2 billion of the $2.5 billion on an accelerated basis. And as you just alluded to, we completed that actually in a little less than six months. We also said at that point in time, when we announced it, that subsequent to that, we would take a pause and work closely with our board to determine the timing of the additional $500 million, see where we were on our Cellulose Fibers transaction and a lot of other factors. So we're in that pause period, we will work closely with our board to determine what the timing is going to be on the additional amount. And as you alluded to, where our stock is trading, will be an important component of that decision.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. I'd have to go back and look at the 4Q 2015 numbers because as you very well know, Collin there is lots of moving parts with 4Q of 2015. We didn't have Plum Creek as part of the company. So, we'll have to get back with you on exactly that. But what I would say, as we said in the guidance, we do think it will be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, and a big driver of that, as I mentioned earlier is what we're seeing in export markets.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. Well, we are working on our harvest plans right now, Collin. As we put the two companies together, we think we're going to have the opportunity to maximize the harvest plan on a go-forward basis. As part of that, we will factor in what we think is going to happen with Southern sawlog prices. We do remain convinced that we are going to reach the inflection point where Southern sawlog prices are no longer stubbornly low, but start to head in the right direction. We're encouraged by what we see, as I mentioned earlier about continued growth in housing, and are also encouraged by some of the announcements we've seen regarding additional capacity coming online in 2017 in the South. So all of that will be factored in and we'll be providing more color on that as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Mark, as you would expect, we factor all of what you just outlined into a dividend decision will, as I mentioned, continue to work with the board to figure out what the right timing and what the right level is for a dividend increase as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Mark, as you would expect, we will be providing a significant update on that at our December Investor Meeting. So we'll tell you where we are, how we're thinking about it and how the South is playing out and maybe even preliminary kind of how we're thinking generally about the West. So all those details are still being fleshed out, but we will be giving a significant update at our December Investor Meeting.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So as we mentioned lumber was off basically for three reasons. One was this lightly lower sales volume, second one as you just alluded to was lower operating rates due to weather and downtime for installation of capital projects and then the third and the largest to try to quantify this, which I think is where you're headed, Paul was the log cost increase primarily in Canada, but also in the West as we mentioned earlier. So, the downtime for installation of capital projects went for any one big project as you know we are spending roughly $300 million a year in capital in our Wood Products operations. Some of that's maintenance capital, but some of it's also capital that we're putting in to drive down our overall cost structure and we just had a couple of those projects that hit in the third quarter and there will be more of those in the fourth quarter.
Doyle Simons: Well, I would say, ultimately a quota is the best for all parties involved because it's simpler, it establishes what the levels is, there's a certain level of certainty. So what we would like to end up with Paul, as we have said along is an agreement rather than having to go through the legal system and having a quota in place, very simple quota in place that sets forth the amount of imports from Canada into the U.S.
Doyle Simons: Yes. Let me make a couple of closing remarks. As I've already alluded to, I just wanted to remind everybody that we will be holding our Investor Day on December 13, at the New York Palace Hotel. We look forward to that, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. And I would just conclude by thanking everybody for joining us this morning, and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Russell Hagen: Brian, this is Russell. On the Real Estate as we mentioned, we expect fourth quarter to be double the third quarter, and then we would expect that trend to continue as we work into 2017, and work through our AVO process, and really start bringing some of the Weyerhaeuser properties in through the Real Estate program. So as we've indicated, our target for the Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resource business is at 15% of total EBITDA, and so I would expect that in 2017, we will start moving towards that target.
Russell Hagen: George, as I mentioned, we have $1.7 billion drawn on the term loan as we start closing on the Cellulose Fibers transactions, we'll start paying that down, so we would expect that to be paid down hopefully by year-end or soon around that time.
Russell Hagen: So the first question on CapEx, as we've indicated, we're focused on about $425 million CapEx this year, a $125 million in Timberlands and $300 million in Wood Products. I think next year we expect around that general amount maybe just a little more in Timberlands as we bring in the combined Plum Creek and Weyerhaeuser properties. As far as the tax bill on CF, we would expect that to be paid hopefully again by year-end, but possibly in the first quarter.
Russell Hagen: Mark, this is Russell. I think on the call, as we mentioned a lot of those transactions were in the Northern properties, it's not that they weren't lower quality, it's just lower price per acre than you would see in the West or in the South.
Russell Hagen: Sure. So this is Russell. As I mentioned, we did dissolve that at the end of August. And when we did that, if you recall that was 450,000 acres in six states, it was a joint venture with The Campbell Group. They redeemed their interest and so we received the note back, distributed to Timberlands. There is a small gain in recognition at about $6 million, but there is no additional capital calls and there is no continuing ongoing obligation.
Russell Hagen: So you're correct. So our 2008 – Plum Creek's 2008 income tax return is currently being audited. And as you recall Plum Creek, we appealed that to the IRS but we could not reach a resolution. And so recently Weyerhaeuser filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court and as you are aware this will take a number of years to resolve, but we remain confident that in our position, we do expect a favorable outcome from the U.S. Tax Court.
Russell Hagen: Yeah. We're not going to – we won't do that. But we will say, I'll reiterate, we're very confident in our position and expect we'll get a favorable outcome.
Russell Hagen: We've not reserved anything related to this. Again we're very confident that we're going to succeed in this.
Russell Hagen: So, the Uruguay assets – this is Russell, the Uruguay assets are held in the combination of in the REIT and the TRS, and so, we would have some minor tax leakage. We really haven't gone into that point yet, but we would expect probably some tax leakage because of the TRS held that assets.
