Devin Stockfish: All right, thanks, Russell. Over the past few months, the main question I've had as I've talked with our employees, our customers, and our investors is what can we expect under your leadership? For those of you that know me, you know that I worked closely with Doyle for a number of years. I believe strongly in the fundamental strategy we have in place and that framework will remain the same. We will continue to drive value for shareholders by focusing on portfolio, performance, and disciplined capital allocation. We do need to continue to evolve how we implement that strategy to ensure that Weyerhaeuser maintains a competitive advantage and delivers superior returns for investors. We remain focused on improving our operational performance, our financial performance, and our ability to attract and retain talent. So, as we think about near-term priorities, my 2019 focus areas will be as follows: first, driving OpEx, with a particular focus on reliability and cost. As I mentioned we're targeting $80 million to $100 million of improvements across the company this year. In Timberlands, we're continuing to focus on reducing cost and driving efficiencies across our entire harvesting, hauling and road building, operations, and maximizing the value of every log that we harvest and sell. In Wood Products, we're bringing all of our manufacturing expertise together in a unified effort to take our reliability to the next level, which is the single biggest opportunity across our manufacturing portfolio. And in both businesses, and across the organization, we're driving a focus on our customers to serve them better and identify further OpEx opportunities in the supply chain. My second priority is around culture. We've made incredible progress on our journey to create a culture of urgency, accountability, courage, simplicity, and innovation, but driving lasting culture change is an ongoing effort, and we can't let up. So I'll be focused on continuing to reinforce and improve on the cultural progress that we've made. In particular, we'll be placing some additional emphasis on discipline focused innovation, which I strongly believe is a key to Weyerhaeuser's long-term success. My third area of focus is people development. People are our most important asset, and we need to accelerate our efforts on development and building bench strength across all levels of the company. I strongly believe that this will be a competitive advantage for our company in the years to come. And my final area of focus is disciplined capital allocation, which remains critical to driving value for our shareholders. Our priorities for capital allocation have not changed. First, is returning cash to shareholders, this will occur primarily through a dividend that is sustainable and grows over time as well as through opportunistic share repurchases as appropriate. Second, we will continue to invest in our businesses. In Timberlands, that means primarily civil culture and roads. And in Wood Products, it's high return projects that drive down cost and improve reliability. We'll continue to evaluate growth opportunities primarily in Timberlands, but we'll be very disciplined as we evaluate options in this regard. As you know given our significant land base, we're not compelled to grow and we will only pursue opportunities that clearly drive value for our shareholders. And our third capital allocation priority is maintaining an appropriate capital structure including a strong balance sheet and an investment grade credit rating. As you can see Weyerhaeuser's priorities and positioning are not significantly changing. My near-term focus remains on executing on our strategy in building on Weyerhaeuser's strong foundation. This is an incredibly exciting time to be assuming the leadership of Weyerhaeuser. It's a strong company with outstanding people and terrific assets. Our fundamental strategy is in place, and we will continue to improve the company by focusing on our portfolio, our performance, and disciplined capital allocation. I'm really excited about the opportunities that we have to take this company to the next level and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I'd like to open the floor to questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, George, and as you know it's really hard to quantify overall EBITDA at this point just because of the volatility that we've seen in pricing primarily on lumber and OSB. So hard to quantify there, but as we think about rolling into Q1, there are a few things that I think are really going to be tailwinds for us. So first of all, when you think about what happened in Q4 on the lumber side, you know, we saw lumber prices come down a lot faster than log prices. And so for the majority of the quarter, we were really working through higher cost inventory from logs that we purchased in Q3 and early Q4 and so it takes time for you to work those through the system. So heading into Q1, we'll be operating off of a lower log cost. So that's one thing. Second thing is just around operating rates. You know, those did come down a bit in Q4 and so we would expect those to be better in Q1. We'll have the full Grayling for full Q1. So that will be a benefit as well. And so overall -- and we do think we have some good tailwinds just on those things that are within our control. Additionally, although it's hard to quantify on the pricing side as you're probably aware, we have seen a pickup in lumber prices here just over the last several weeks and so feel like we're getting some momentum on that front as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, thanks George. So with respect to the EWP question, you have customers move around from time to time in the overall mix, that's not really material for Q4 for us. We have a strong customer base so not terribly impactful for us. With respect to the storm damaged wood, I think when you talk about the local geographies where you had some of the damage, there may be some downward pressure here over the spring time period as they salvage some that wood. Those are geographies that we don't have a significant amount of ownership in those areas, so I don't think it'll impact us terribly. But you will see some increase in volume coming into those local markets as they salvage that damaged wood.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, when you look across the system, our view is that inventories are pretty light. You know, you'll have pockets where it might be a little over in certain geographies, but on balance, really across the system, we think that the inventory channels are lower than normal.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, so a couple of things, on the real estate business, really, we measure OpEx slightly differently there. And so for us OpEx in real estate is really about generating value over and above the timber value at the acre. And so our target is generally around 30%. In 2018, we delivered well in excess of that. So that's how we measure OpEx in the real estate business. And for distribution, We Put That in with Wood Products, so that's included in all commentary around Wood Products OpEx.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, with respect to OpEx, I wouldn't say that that's going to be frontloaded to the first-half of the year. Really, we look at that 40 to 50 over the course of the full-year and are very optimistic that that's achievable, and we'll get that value. With respect to downtime, you know, as you know our primary strategy in Wood Products is to have low-cost operations. And that positions us to run when it may not make sense for others. And if you think about Q4 in particular, when you see the lumber prices coming down much faster than log prices, that does create some noise while you're working through some of that higher cost inventory, but I think as we have got that log price down to a more normalized level coming out at Q4, I think, we're well-positioned. We did take a little bit of downtime primarily just for capital projects in Q4 and adjusted shift postures in a few locations around the holiday time. But generally speaking, we were running in Q4.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know, I think it's a little earlier for us to have a definitive view on that, it's really just anecdotal. I think it's logical to assume that you may see some small reduction in square footage as people go after those lower affordability price points. But I think on balance from an overall wood usage perspective, it's much better to have more building to hit those affordability price points, so that you can get housing starts up to where the demand level sets.
Devin Stockfish: I really don't and when you look at the available wood baskets across North America, the South is really the low-cost wood basket and so I think as we continue to see some challenges up in BC around fiber supply, I think we're going to continue to see that capital get put into the U.S. South because that will continue to be the low-cost wood basket for the foreseeable future.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so let me have -- I'll answer the capital question first as we've said, our plan has been, we've been spinning $300 million a year, the last several years, we're dropping that down to $270 million this year in Wood Products, it'll probably be comfortable next year. And as we work our way down to a more normalized call it $250 million level, so that sort of what we think is kind of a long-term run rate for capital spend in the Wood Products business. With respect to OpEx, we're certainly going to go after the 80 to 100 this year. It's a little early for me to try to quantify the exact amount beyond that but I am very confident that we'll get through 2019, we will get these OpEx numbers and there's still plenty to get as we continue to focus on cost and reliability throughout the system. So I wouldn't want anyone to take the belief that after 2019, we're done with OpEx. It's really become cultural on the organization. So I would anticipate us continuing to drive OpEx improvement well into the future.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it's hard to say at this particular time of year just because as you head into the Lunar New Year, the demand dynamics change just a little bit in terms of takeaway. I'll tell you our expectation, just given what we hear on the ground is that, coming out of the Lunar New Year, we're going to see continued strong demand. And so, we would expect starting from the lower inventories, you're going to see a good demand pole as we get into the spring season.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, as I mentioned, that matures in October, that's 738 debt, so it's a little higher coupon rate, I would say we're pleased with kind of where interest rates are at and we'll be looking at all kind of options as we take that and  go to the market to refinance that but I think we'll have a clearly a more favorable coupon rate than what we are retiring.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So with respect to your first question, yes, I think that is fair, we've seen that bottom out, would expect to see some upward momentum as we get into the spring building season. With respect to Japan, that trades at some premium to domestic prices. And so, those two are correlated and, not necessarily always one-to-one, but there is a correlation. So when you see domestic pricing come down in the West, you'll typically see that the realizations for the Japan logs comedown as well. So it's really just more tied to the domestic market pricing than it is to demand in Japan.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so again, it's hard to fully predict what log prices are going to do over the course of the year. What I would say is when you think about the Western System, it's a very tension wood basket. And so, as we see prices rising in the spring with lumber and we see the building season pickup, our expectation is that you're going to see log prices follow. And so, we would anticipate if we have another good year in U.S. housing, which we fully expect and you're going to see log pricing continue to trend up over the course of the year, but again, hard to quantify.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so I don't know that we necessarily quantify that in specifics, but I can just tell you directionally, clearly with the South, the log costs are lower than they are in the Western Canada. And so, the margins in the Southern business are going to be better than they are in the Western in the Canadian lumber business.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so obviously in the west, the export business is a much bigger portion of our overall sales than it is in the south. And so, it's really multiple things it's what happens with U.S. housing and how does that impact lumber but also the demand out of Japan and China and to a smaller extent Korea. So, all of those things go into the overall demand signal in the West. And it's, a as I said, a very tension wood basket. So when you get increased demand in any of those, it can pull pricing up across the system.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So couple of things, so on the Japan side, the demand has been solid. We are still seeing solid demand from the Japanese market for a higher quality Japan logs. The pricing and that was the comment earlier -- the pricing came down just a little bit. But that was really more driven by there is a correlation to domestic pricing. In China, what I would say is that we are seeing solid construction activity and good demand pull. When you think about over the last half of 2018, we did see a bit of a dip when the tariffs were originally put in place. That had largely normalized at least from a demand and volume perspective off of the West Coast for us as we got into the fourth quarter. And so, we are still expecting the overall volume to China to be comparable to prior quarters in that business at this tariff level still seems to be solid.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. What I would say that is we are always looking for ways to optimize and improve our timberland portfolio. That's true really across all regions and all geographies. And so to the extent that we can find opportunities to improve the overall value of our timberland assets and drive better returns that's something that we are always looking at. And so that's work that has been going on, and work that will continue to go on into the future really just around -- trying to optimize and improve the overall timberland's portfolio.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think if you look at the lumbar business, a helpful comp is Q4 2017 because we had overall similar volumes. And really when you look year-over-year, the vast majority of the drop in EBITDA is related to price. So remember for every $10 per MBS that's about a $11 million of EBITDA. And when you think about particularly in the West as you saw lumbar prices come down pretty quickly, log prices come down at a much slower rate. And so, what that creates is a bit of a noise in the system as the log prices catch up to lumbar prices and you have to chew through some of that higher cost inventory. And so, that's really a big driver of what you saw happened in Q4 2018. If you normalize and you kind of go back to that Q4 log cost of Q4 2017, the profitability would have been similar.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean as you know the lumbar market and the OSB from a supply-demand dynamic are just a little different. You'll see lumber come on a come off a little bit more quickly in response to demand signals. OSB is a little bit more lumpy. What we would expect is that over the course of the year, you're seeing some additional OSB capacity coming online and we believe that over the course of 2019 the demand will catch up to that, and will be more or less on balance, but probably come up a little bit more slowly than you're seeing lumber prices come up.
Devin Stockfish: All right. I believe that was the last question. So, thank you everyone for joining the call today, and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Russell Hagen: Hey, Mark, this is Russell. I think as you're well aware there's not a lot of real estate sales happening up in the north right now, and so those markets tend to be very quiet until things thawed out and we really get into the late spring and summer season. So as you noted in the third quarter we had a large transaction coming out of Montana, and that's usually when we see transactions coming out of those northern properties in that third and fourth quarter. Coming into the first quarter, we're going to see more transactions out of the South, and then the west. And those markets are actually still -- you know, have been pretty active. They were really strong coming out of the fourth quarter, and we'll pick up some additional transactions in the first quarter.
Russell Hagen: Yes, so, this is Russell. First, I'll talk about kind of the transactions, then I'll talk about the valuations. As far as the transactions, you know, 2018, we saw about $4.5 billion of transactions, and there were two large transactions, the southern transaction you talked about, that's Cato [ph] transaction, then we had the PotlatchDeltic deal. And so if you removed those we had about $2 billion of transactions kind of coming through the system. And that's probably kind of an average year anywhere from $2 billion to 3 billion, and then once in a while you get a larger transaction to skew that a little bit. So the overall transaction flow is still pretty strong. As far as valuations are concerned, again, it's difficult to do a comparable analysis, unless you really understand kind of what are some of the constraints on the lands you know, fiber supply agreements can cause some constraints and then also stocking levels, location to markets, et cetera. And so, looking at the values, it really is important to understand what are those impediments to value relative to what we'd consider a prime plantation or a strong industrial Timberland value.
Russell Hagen: Yes, this is Russell, we completed the remediation of that last year and we're very confident, we'll get recoveries under the insurance and we're working with our insurance carriers.
