Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Nancy. In closing, our first quarter financial performance was the strongest on record, and I'm incredibly proud of the work our teams are doing to achieve these results. Whether it's navigating winter conditions and supply chain disruptions, keeping our people safe through a pandemic or the relentless focus to capture OpEx opportunities across our portfolio, our employees have done an outstanding job positioning the company to capitalize on the strong markets we're experiencing today. Looking forward, the demand for our products is extremely favorable, supported by encouraging macroeconomic conditions and continued resiliency in the US housing and repair and remodel markets. We remain committed to serving our customers and delivering industry-leading performance across our operations. When combined with a strong balance sheet and a dividend framework that returns meaningful cash to shareholders, we're well positioned to drive superior long-term value into the future. And now, I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, absolutely. Happy to comment on that. If you think back to our capital program over the last several years, we have been investing significant amounts of capital across our wood products business. In fact, we're doing $300 million of incremental capital this year, part of which, as you know it, it goes to the Holden mill, which will increase by about 100 million board feet capacity at that location. We continue to get incremental capacity through the capital program that we've had in place for a number of years. Just for reference, if you think back over the last couple of years, our Millport and our Dierks mill brownfield expansions, have added about 300 million board feet of incremental capacity. And we continue to put capital to work across our wood products manufacturing businesses, and it's always a balance, Anthony. We're always looking to continue to drive down costs and improve efficiencies at our mills. One of the course to our operating strategy on the manufacturing side is to have the best cost structure in the industry, so that we can continue to drive good margins, regardless of where we are on pricing. We're going to continue to look for opportunities across our Wood Products manufacturing footprint, whether we're going to go out and do a greenfield mill. I think as we said in the past, our inclination is to really focus in the near-term on our existing mill set. And the reason behind that is just we think we can get better risk adjusted returns by putting that capital to work in our existing mill footprint. Now, over time, as we continue to work through our capital programs down the road, is there an opportunity for a greenfield? Sure, we're always going to be open to that. But I think in the near-term, it's going to be more focused on our existing footprint.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Just a quick comment and then I'll answer that specifically. And certainly, we're experiencing incredibly strong pricing right now. And if that continues to play out over the course of the year, we're going to generate very strong cash flow. And as you noted with our new dividend framework, around 75% to 80% of that is going to go back to shareholders through the base dividend and supplemental dividends. So, any cash flow over and above that really goes to our opportunistic options, which are growth, further debt pay down and share repurchase. As we think about share repurchase, specific to your question, Anthony, I think that can be a really good opportunity to return cash to shareholders under the right circumstances. And we continue to view that opportunistically. And so to the extent, we feel like our shares are trading at a material discount, that's a great way to return cash to shareholders. But absent that, I think the preference really is to distribute that via the supplemental dividend.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, with respect to Holden, so it's a 100 million board feet of incremental capacity and that takes you up to about 260 million board feet when that project is complete.
Devin Stockfish: So, with respect to your question around affordability, I think the short answer, George, is just there is so much demand for housing right now that the builders are able to -- even though they are experiencing some increased costs, they're able to pass that on to the buyer. And ultimately, you can't continue to see housing prices continue to go up at this level year after year. There is obviously some limit where that starts to take some increment of the buying community out of the market. But with low mortgage rates sitting around low 3%, that gives a little bit more flexibility. But, again, the reality right now is there is a real shortage of housing in the market and the demand is just overwhelming. When we talk to our homebuilder customers, they just -- they have more buyers than they can satisfy at present. And so, in that environment, it does give the builders more pricing power and we're certainly seeing -- you see that in the numbers with the permits and the starts and builder sentiment, just a lot of demand for housing. And if you think about it just at a broader level, and we've been saying this for years, the country has been under building for a decade. And you probably saw the Freddie Mac number out, where they were estimating 4 million units under bill. The amount of time it takes to build through that overhang, it's just -- it's a lot of demand and that's ultimately I think what keeps the buyer still there even though pricing continues to go up.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, I'll answer the second question first and then we'll swing back to the capacity question. So, good way to think about it quarter-over-quarter if you take out lumber and OSB pricing is about $75 million to $100 million of incremental EBITDA, and that's really primarily a result of increased lumber volume and the EWP pricing increase rolling through. And so, where you sit between that $75 million and $100 million really depends on how much OSB prices continue to go up because web stock obviously is -- it's an input cost that we have to bear in EWP. Although I will note, we supply almost all, if not all, of our web stock comes from our OSB mills. And so, we do get that in a different pocket. So, that's the range about $75 million to $100 million. In terms of incremental capacity, every year through our capital program, you get several percentage -- several percent increase just on the debottlenecking work that we do, you get incremental volume. So, that kind of comes year after year just through our normal cost programs in CapEx. We've also added as I mentioned about 300 million board feet over the last couple of years. And so, that's now rolling through the system. We've got another 100 million coming in Holden. And so, we don't necessarily talk about it this way all the time, but we are seeing organic growth in our wood products manufacturing operations just through those capital programs, even though they are primarily focused on cost reduction.
Devin Stockfish: It's been something else, Mark. That is to say the least, it's been quite a ride over the last 12 to 18 months.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I'll go by product. Starting with EWP, I mean, we're essentially off the market into the third quarter at this point, so those order files are really extended. On OSB, we're five to six weeks out, so really at the outer edge of what we're comfortable with in terms of order files. And even on lumber, we're at two to three weeks at this point, which for lumber is on the high end of where we typically have order files. So, when you think about what's going on in the market, lean inventories everywhere, order files extended and that's playing in partly to what you're seeing on the price side.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I think it's definitely playing a role. When you think about transportation across the system, it's challenging, there is no question about it. And the place I would highlight for you that is the most acute is trucking in the South. And really across all industries, just with what we're seeing in the economy, the spending across all kinds of different industries, trucking availability is really short. And so, that's definitely a challenge really in a lot of different places. The South, as I mentioned, is the most acute issue, but that's really bleeding over into the rail side as well. So, securing trucking capacity and rail capacity, it's been a challenge for the industry, something that, believe me, we're focused on this 24/7 to make sure that we're getting product to customers and keeping them satisfied. So, that's a challenge. And I think part of it, when you think about having lean inventories, you add the transportation challenge for customers really across the channel trying to get product to serve their existing projects and their customers, it just adds one more challenge. And so, I think when people can get product on a short-term basis, they're willing to pay really high prices just to secure the product.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Happy to. So, really, Mark, when we think about doing acquisitions or divestitures, for that matter, for us, it's very specific to that individual land base. And so, certainly, we look at comps to get a sense of what the market looks like. But when we are doing our future cash flow projections, it really goes down to things that are specific to that land, the stocking level, the species mix, what we think the road infrastructure looks like, what we think the costs of logging and hauling in that region are going to be. So, we do a very, very detailed analysis, we have some tools that we have that I think are proprietary that help with that to really dial-in on what we think that the cash flow will look like over a period of time. And we layer on top of that what do the local market conditions look like and we have a pretty good sense because we're in all of these markets on what we expect market dynamics to look like. And then we layer on top of that what are the synergies that we can bring to that specific land, things like leveraging our scale to drive lower log and haul costs, finding opportunities for export or alternative values like solar, wind, HBU. So, our model bakes all of those things in. And when we look at that particular land down in Alabama, a few things really jump out. It's in a very good market. I would say that Pine Hill, Alabama market is one of the stronger markets in the area, it's growing both on the saw timber side, but importantly it's a strong fiber market which can really help the economics of owning timberland. We've got an expanding mill capacity. We've got a diverse set of customers there that we think we can really leverage to drive additional value on that. And it really fits well with our existing timberlands portfolio. We have people on the ground there, so we don't have to add a lot of personnel to manage this incremental land. So, when we look at all of these things, good species mix, good site index, good synergies, logistics benefits, it's a really good property for us, it's really one of the better properties that we've looked at in quite a while in the South. And so, we're really excited to add that to the portfolio.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I would say in the Pacific Northwest, specifically, we've really gotten through all of the big transactions that we had as part of the review, the Southern timber -- or the Southern Oregon timberlands deal that we did last year and then this North Washington deal. Those were really the two big pieces of property in the West that we wanted to clean out of the portfolio. And again, it's really as you think about our Western portfolio as a whole, you take out the North Cascades and the South Oregon, I mean, the rest of the property is really cream of the crop timberland. And so, I think at this point from a Western perspective, we're pretty much there in terms of getting the portfolio where we want it to be and obviously we'll continue to look for opportunities to add good timberlands to that. But in terms of the big divestitures in the West, I think we're pretty much there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. When we think about the South, I wouldn't say we've identified really large transactions like you saw in South Oregon and North Washington, but I would absolutely anticipate that we're going to continue to trim small pieces here, add pieces there. So, the optimization work will continue to be ongoing in the South, but at least sitting here today, I don't know that I would expect any sort of large transactions in the near-term.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, the short answer is yes, definitely. When we think about what we're asking Russell to do, I mean, there is a piece of it that obviously continues to be the HBU land sales that we've been doing for a while. The energy and natural resources, construction materials, that will continue to be a part of it, but what we're really excited about is looking across the portfolio and better leveraging some of these additional opportunities. Great example is around natural climate solutions. So, whether you think about carbon opportunities, whether you think about mitigation banks, just a whole host of opportunities that we have owning so much land, there is just inherent optionality when you have a large land base like we do. And one of the things that we're really excited about with Russell stepping into this role is to further take advantage of some of that optionality. So, we're really excited. He's only been in the role for a couple of months, but I think you're going to see some real traction on this front over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think it could be a nice little tailwind for us, Mark. You think about a couple of things that we've seen in the infrastructure bill. Obviously, there is a housing component that is embedded in the infrastructure bill. And so, incremental housing demand obviously is supportive for the industry in driving incremental demand. But even when you look more broadly, roads, highways, bridges, other infrastructure, certainly a lot of that is going to be concrete and steel. But you do have incremental demand anytime you have infrastructure spending with concrete forms and just other incremental lumber or plywood or OSB that you see when those projects are put out. And so, just kind of a rough order of magnitude guess from our standpoint is, if this does get passed and not even considering necessarily the housing piece, you could see another 1 billion, 1.5 billion board feet of incremental demand on the lumber side coming out of an infrastructure program. And so, we'll dial that estimate in as we get closer and get more clarity on what an infrastructure bill looks like. But I do think that if you see a bill of this magnitude come to fruition, it's going to have incremental demand implications for our industry.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think at a high level, the reality is many of the markets across South are still over-supplied from a log standpoint. And so, when we think about what's going to change that, it's couple of things. One, it is continued capacity coming into the South and we've seen a lot of that. We continue to see announcements coming in for new mills being built in the South. Lumber, we see pellet mills coming into the South. So, the trajectory is right, I think also to the extent that you have land that's approximate to ports, I feel really optimistic about the export opportunity. We're seeing great demand into China, India is a growing market. We're sending chips into Turkey. So, I think there are opportunities to continue to expand the pulp into offshore markets. And so, that can have a tensioning effect. But really the third piece Mark is just time. We need some time for these new mills to come onboard and to chew through some of the inventory. And so, that's something that will continue to happen. It's going to be differential by market. Again, when you think about places like Pine Hill, Alabama or your spots in Louisiana and Arkansas and South Carolina, North Carolina, where you've seen some capacity come in, you see things starting to tighten up a bit in the local area, but really, it's something that's going to take some time to work through and it will be differential. One note I would make on that front; while Southern -- average Southern sawlog prices across the South is moderately interesting to us, what's really interesting is what's happening in the wood baskets where we have fee timberland. And so, I can tell you, and this goes back to something that Russell and his team are working, we want to make sure that when new mill capacity comes into the South that it's being cited in the geography that fits well with our fee timberland. So, we're having lots of conversations with people about how we can help them if they decide to put a mill in a geography that's a place where we have fee timberland. So, we're working all of those things. As you think about how does that translate into M&A, it's differential. Most of the players in the market are pretty astute in terms of understanding local supply-demand dynamics. So, people will bake in what they think is going to happen in that wood basket over time as they put valuations into their model.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, just high level as you think about the timing to rollout a price increase, and as we mentioned we had one last summer, we had another one in January and then you had another one in March. And typically that takes a couple of quarters to really start rolling through in a meaningful way. The March increase, we'll start getting a little bit of that in Q2, but we'll get more of that, the majority of that as you get into Q3. So, when you think about 2021 as a whole, certainly the vast majority of the August 2020 price increase will be included in 2021. I would say most of the January will be included in 2021 and the March price increase we'll start getting more of as we get into the back half of the year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So, we're doing a good job getting through that salvage operation. I mean, that is a monumental effort. When you think about 125,000 acres that were impacted by the fire, that's a bigger impact than we saw Mount Saint Helens just to put it in the context. And so, the team has done a great job of organizing contractor and trucking availability in the region, so we can get after that quickly. Our expectation is that we are going to get through the vast majority of the salvage work in 2021. So, I would expect to have that mostly complete this year. We're obviously trying to get at it as fast as we can, so that we can make sure we're capturing the maximum value of those salvage logs before you start to see any sort of degradation in the wood. So, we're going to be trying to do as much as we can in Q2 and Q3. And that really has a few impacts, one of which, to your question is, it does have an impact on mix because we're harvesting a lot of acres that are younger than ordinarily would be the case. And so, that adds smaller diameter logs into the market. And what we're seeing primarily in Oregon is the mix of log volume into the market is a lot more smaller log, that's the truth -- that's the case for us, but it's also I think broadly speaking the case in the market. So, that brings realizations down a little bit and that'll be a little bit of a headwind in Q2 and Q3. The flip side of that is that puts a bit of a premium on larger logs into the system. And so, you're seeing a little bit of an uplift there. So, I think it's going to be a little bit of a headwind, Q2, Q3, which is why we said domestic pricing in the West is going to be down a little bit in Q2. That's really just a function of those smaller salvage logs going into the market. The one other point I would just make there is, as you think about 2021 for us in the West, salvage logging is obviously a little bit more expensive. And so, there's a little bit of a cost headwind in the West for the next couple of quarters as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, just with respect to today's stock prices, our focus is much more on what happens over the long-term. And when we think about how we're running the business, the assets that we have, the cash that we're generating, the supplemental dividend that's building, I think that will resolve itself over time. So, we're really more focused on the long-term. And I'd say with respect to the portfolio, by and large, we like the businesses that we're in. We've done a lot of work to improve our operating performance. You can see that in our relative margins really across our businesses. We're generating a lot of cash. We think we still have opportunities to improve. You can see that in the OpEx target we have for 2021. So, we think we're doing a lot to improve the business. And I think certainly over time, that's going to get reflected in the stock as we continue to build value in what we're doing. So, we're always looking at the portfolio, Paul. It's something we've done a lot of over the years. I think on the timberlands side, we'll continue to try to optimize. But at least as of right now, we like the businesses that we're in.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you. All right, I think that was our final question. And so, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe everyone, and have a great day.
