Russell S. Hagen: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the third quarter is presented in chart 12 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be slighter lower compared to second quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, we anticipate slightly higher average sales realizations, with fee harvest volumes expected to decrease modestly compared to the second quarter. Japanese export log volumes will increase, while average sales realizations are expected to be slightly higher compared to the second quarter, supported by continued strong demand in Japanese housing market. Export log volumes to China are also expected to increase, with slightly higher average sales realizations. Third quarter domestic log sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the second quarter, with lower sales volumes. Western road spending was deferred due to record wet weather in the second quarter. Spending in the third quarter will increase as we expect to complete the deferred road work in addition to our typical summer road activities. Logging costs are expected to be slightly higher in the third quarter, because we tend to log in higher elevations during the summer. In the South, we expect higher harvest volumes if the weather improves from a very wet second quarter. We anticipate average sales realizations for the third quarter will be comparable to second quarter levels. Silviculture spending in the South is expected to increase due to seasonality as well as weather-related deferral of activities from the second quarter into the third quarter. In the North, we anticipate third quarter sales volumes to be significantly higher than the second quarter, as we move past the spring breakup season. Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to nearly double in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter and continue to ramp up in the fourth quarter, which is when we typically expect the largest portion of the real estate transactions to close. We continue to expect over $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business in 2017. Turning to Wood Products, we anticipate third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to second quarter. Strong demand and low inventories throughout the supply chain have led to continued strong July pricing for lumber, OSB and engineered wood products. Overall, we expect comparable quarter-over-quarter lumber sales realizations and slightly higher OSB and engineered wood product sales realizations. Sales volumes are expected to be consistent in lumber and engineered wood products with a slight decrease in OSB. Looking at chart 10, unallocated items. The $26 million favorable variance in earnings before special items compared with the first quarter is primarily the result of a $14 million reduction in non-operating pension and other post-retirement benefit costs. In the second quarter of each year, we finalize prior year-end estimates. And as a result of this work, we now expect to record approximately $15 million per quarter of unallocated non-operating pension and post-retirement expense for a total of $60 million in 2017. Our total anticipated cash payments for pension and post-retirement remains unchanged at $70 million for all of 2017 with no funding required for our U.S. qualified pension plan. Chart 11 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $701 million, an increase of $246 million from the first quarter. Cash from operations during the quarter was $489 million, an increase of $454 million over the first quarter, which is typically the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $87 million. We continue to expect our full year capital expenditures to total approximately $435 million, $300 million for Wood Products and $135 million for Timberlands. Moving on to debt. We ended the quarter with $6.6 billion. Earlier this week, we completed refinancing of our $550 million term loan, which was scheduled to mature in 2020, replacing it with a new $225 million term loan maturing in 2026, and prepaying $325 million in cash. In addition to this refinancing, we also have a scheduled bond maturity of $281 million in August of 2017. Interest expense was $100 million in the quarter. The repayment of the August maturity, which has an interest rate of 6.95% will reduce interest expense by approximately $20 million annually. We anticipate full year 2017 tax rate will be between 15% and 17% based on the forecasted mix of earnings from our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle, and look forward to your questions.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah, this is Russell. As Doyle said, our objective is a growing and sustainable dividend over time. Clearly, the Wood Products business is performing well. We are pinned on Southern saw log as being the catalyst. However, we would take into consideration depending on where the market is at, but our primary focus is growing a steady dividend over time.
Russell S. Hagen: James, this is Russell. As Doyle mentioned, we completed the Western analysis for our AVO or asset value optimization. And we're very pleased with those results and so we'll see some of those acres coming into the market in the second half of the year. As we indicated, third quarter will be double second and then we'll see a ramp-up in the fourth quarter. Those properties will have a higher value than the Southern or the Northern properties. So you may see a change in the average per acre value coming through the program.
Russell S. Hagen: So, Brian you're – this is Russell – correct, we did put that as a special item and there's two components. One is the retroactive countervailing duties and then the go-forward countervailing and antidumping duties. And so we do view those as pretty unique relative to the overall lumber operations and that's why we put it in the special items. And then you're correct, it will drop off in August 28, until there is an actual final determination and then the duties are reinstated. So it'll be a little lumpy coming through if we put it into the operations.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah, we noted that the change in the relationship on the FX for the Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar, but we've been operating in a relatively strong dollar environment and we don't really see material impacts on those interquarter shifts. So we really don't look at what is the impact on a per $0.01 shift on that. So we don't think there'll be a material change in the inflows, it'll really be a primarily driven by the SLA and then also some of the restrictions resulting from fires up in Canada.
Russell S. Hagen: Paul this is Russell. As we look in the South, again as Doyle mentioned, with continued strength in the housing market and continued increase in production, we're definitely seeing some rebalancing in some wood baskets. And I expect that as we continue to see the housing market recover and less Canadian volume coming into the U.S. market, we'll see those pensioned (44:22) over time. But it's not consistent across the entire South, but we're definitely seeing some benefits, particularly in the Atlantic South where those markets are starting to tension.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Russell. Looking forward, we are extremely well positioned to continue to capitalize on the improving housing market and remain relentlessly focused on driving value for our shareholders through operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. And with that, I'd like to open up the floor for your questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. Anthony, and what we're seeing in the South is, just as you said, flat saw log pricing. At this point, we do not expect any significant improvement in saw log pricing in the third quarter. We would anticipate it would be flat with Q2. But as we move forward, we do see some potential for some pricing traction as we enter into 2018. If housing demand continues to grow, as you very well know, there's more capacity that's being put in place in the South. The Canadian share of U.S. lumber market, we believe, is going to decline due to either the duties or hopefully a negotiated agreement. And the other thing I would tell you that we're encouraged about is that the export markets out of the South are starting to grow and, in fact, we recently signed a contract for weekly shipments to India. We are also sending weekly shipments to an existing Western customer in China. So we think that has the potential to grow over time. So all of those things we think will ultimately lead to improvement in Southern saw log prices as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, so like I said, we're encouraged. It is a small amount at this point in time but we think over time it could grow to 400 to 500 containers a week, which would be, just to give you a sense, equivalent to a small sawmill. So that will make a difference in the marketplace.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, and as we've said, Anthony, the U.S. Coalition continues to work very closely with the Department of Commerce and we remain hopeful we'll be able to reach a quota-based agreement and we like the certainly of a negotiated agreement. However, as we've also said, we want the right agreement. And if we don't get that, we'll let the process continue to play out in terms of the duties. So, again, a lot of discussions going on. We continue to be hopeful of a negotiated quota-based agreement which we think would be the best outcome.
Doyle R. Simons: That's a good question, Gail. As you very well know, we've seen a improvement in lumber prices that's – so let me say it this way, the overall trend in lumber prices that we've seen, we think has ultimately been driven by supply and demand. And that's due to the fact that inventories are lean and demand continues to be strong. On top of that, we've seen that exacerbated a little bit by the fires over the past few weeks. The way I see it, the uncertainty around the SLA has driven the volatility in pricing but the overall pricing trend has been driven by fundamentals of supply and demand. As the countervailing duty goes off in August, I think we'll continue to see volatility in pricing as that happens. Exactly how that will play out, we'll just have to wait and see, but again encouraged by the underlying supply and demand dynamics. And we're just going to have to see how the SLA plays out going forward and specifically what impact that has at the end of August when the CVD lapses for a short period of time.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, so you're exactly right, those kind of got out of sync during the quarter. I think there were a number of drivers of that, part of it was the duties that have come into place, part of it was FX, and with the Canadian dollar strengthening versus the U.S. dollar. And then of course the fires that have impacted BC over the past few weeks. So I think all of those things resulted in the relative change in SPF to Southern Yellow Pine. I think going forward, you'll see the normal gap that we've normally seen between those come back to normal as those factors play out.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure, and as we said in our comments, we continue to be encouraged by what we see overall in Western log markets, and domestic markets demand continues to be strong, primarily driven by what we've seen in the California market. In Japan specifically, to your point, post-and-beam construction continues to grow at about 4%. And in the third quarter, we do anticipate kind of steady demand and potentially slightly higher prices in the third quarter. So, that's how we see Japan. And then China, as you know, inventory continues to be in very good shape, 3.5 million cubic meters, and there we expect higher volume and slightly higher prices in the third quarter as well. That's how we see the export markets.
Doyle R. Simons: Business out of the West is very strong right now, as I just indicated, and in fact, total log imports into China from the U.S. are up 35% year-to-date. So, the amount that we are sending into China is an existing customer, but it's both a growth in overall volume as well as displacing a little bit out of the West. But we're fine with displacing a little bit out of the West based on the strong markets that we see in China.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as we've said, the board's going to continue to review the dividend. It's going to consider all conditions, external market conditions as well as internal improvements and things we're doing. As you very well know, our largest asset is our Southern Timberlands, and very purposeful, we've said we expect the biggest driver for a substantial dividend increase will be improving pricing for Southern saw logs. Because that's what's going to ultimately generate a sustainable and growing earnings stream that would provide additional strong support for the dividend over time. So that's the way we're looking at it and the board is looking at it.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure, Mark. And we continue to expect improvement in Southern saw log pricing as we move forward for all the reasons that I highlighted. Housing demand continuing to grow, we're encouraged by what we see there. Continued investment in the South and even yesterday or whatever it was, the announcement of a acquisition by one of our Canadian friends in the South and believe that they will spend additional capital to ramp up production there. We'll see whether we get a quota or the duties stay in place, but that's going to be helpful. And then, again on the margin, we talked about in the export market. So hard to tell exactly when, but we think as we move into 2018 as housing starts grow to north of 1.3 million, that we could reach the inflection point where we start to see some improvement in Southern saw log prices.
Doyle R. Simons: So, Mark, the reason we like the quotas versus the duties, is it's simple, it's effective, and we think it'll allow the U.S. industry to grow to its natural size. Now, with that said, if we can't get the right agreement in place, we can make the duties work as well. But we just like the certainty of having a duty in place. Everybody understands exactly what that is, and then go forward based on that.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, it's hard to answer that question, because we don't know exactly how that's going to play out. I do think if the SLA gets drug into NAFTA that could prolong our ability to reach a negotiated agreement, but there's just a lot of uncertainty exactly how the SLA will interplay with NAFTA at this point.
Doyle R. Simons: I don't. Yeah, and I wish I could provide more clarity, Mark, but we're kind of scratching our head too just because it's just an unknown.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as we've consistently said, our priorities number one, two and three have been the integration of Plum Creek. We've made very good progress on that, and I'm pleased with where we are. As we move forward, we would potentially look at timberland acquisitions but, as we've also said, the beauty of our portfolio is we are very well positioned and we don't have to grow anywhere. So with that said, we can be very, very disciplined in looking at potential timberlands acquisitions. If we find opportunities that we think will drive shareholder value, that's something we would consider. Otherwise, we'll just continue to focus on what we can do internally to continue to drive improvements in our overall performance and shareholder value.
Doyle R. Simons: It is state-by-state regulation, Mark. And our focus right now, as you would anticipate, is making sure we're doing everything we can with our customers to resolve the situation with Flak Jacket. As we move forward, we'll be determining how we want to proceed on any future product that would have this fire retardant material.
Doyle R. Simons: You know, Chip, and thanks for making your comment on the internal improvements and clearly part of the improved performance in WP has been internal improvements. But with that said, those markets are also improving. As you very well know, we put in a price increase. That was in February. We saw a significant benefit of that in second quarter. We'll see a little bit more benefit from that in the third quarter. And I just give that background to say as housing continues to improve, we as an industry will need some additional capacity. Now, how that matches up when this mill comes online and it will take a while to get this mill online. As you very well know, startup takes a while. How that meshes with where we are exactly on housing starts remains to be seen, but as housing continues to improve and gets to 1.4 million, 1.5 million, 1.6 million, whatever the number is, there will be additional capacity that will be needed in engineered wood products.
Doyle R. Simons: It's a good question, and you're right, it was a very wet spring and now, at least where we live, we haven't seen rain in a month or so. So, at this point in terms of Washington and Oregon, nothing is under a fire restriction at this point in time, but as we all know, that could change quickly as we move forward. So basically, what's incorporated, Steve, in our guidance is kind of what I would call a normal fire season, if there is such a thing. If that changes, you could see further restriction or further tightening, I would say, of log markets in the Pacific Northwest. I would mention in Montana, we do have restrictions in place and no logging at this point in time is allowed after 1 PM.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, so in the second quarter, we realized about 70% of the price increase which, as we mentioned, was higher than we originally anticipated. In the third quarter, we would anticipate an additional 20% and then the balance, the 10%, to show up in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of how we see it playing out.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. And as we've consistently said in terms of our priorities for capital allocation, first and foremost is returning cash to shareholders. That'll be primarily through a growing and sustainable dividend. But Brian, as we've indicated, we're also open to share repurchase where appropriate and, as you know, we currently have a authorization of $500 million in terms of share repurchase.
Doyle R. Simons: So, in terms of the guidance we said slightly so I would say that 5% or less in terms of what that would mean in terms of dollars. And then in terms of the lower harvest in the West that's primarily due just to timing. As you know, a lot of what we call farmer wood comes on the market in the quarter, which can have a negative impact on pricing. We tend to back off during that period of time and then capitalize when pricing tends to be a little bit better.
Doyle R. Simons: So, Paul, what I would tell you is the Lumber Coalition continues to be very united in terms of the approach on the Softwood Lumber Agreement, and is united behind, as we mentioned earlier, a quota-based agreement. So, I think if a deal can be negotiated that works for both sides, that's something that the U.S. Lumber Coalition would in fact support.
Doyle R. Simons: George, as you know, there have been a lot of discussions and negotiations between the parties, and what I would tell you is we do in fact remain hopeful that some type of framework can be agreed on before we get into this NAFTA issue. Trying handicap it would be just pure speculation. But again, we do remain hopeful, and we think some progress has been made.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, George. And what I would tell you is going from the ones I think have the most ability to absorb to where it may be a little lumpier in terms of absorption, I would say first is lumber. I think this additional lumber capacity is going to be needed and it's going to be absorbed without significant disruptions or potentially any disruption to the market. EWP, I talked about. We talked about it a little bit earlier, and we think as housing continues to grow, additional EWP capacity is going to be required and that capacity that's been announced is still quite a bit out in terms of when that will come online. And then finally OSB. As we know, OSB tends to come on in big chunks and I think clearly we need additional capacity, the industry probably needs additional capacity as OSB markets are tight and housing continues to grow. And we'll just have to see how that production phases in. One thing I would note is new mills, it always takes longer to start them up than most people factor in. And then some of these are restarts of mills that have been down for a very extended period of time. It will take some time to ramp those up as well. So that's how we think about the additional capacity that's slated to come online.
Doyle R. Simons: I'd just like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning and, as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
