Devin Stockfish: Great, thank you, Russell. Looking forward, we continue to believe there is a modest growth trajectory for US housing. As the market addresses supply-side constraints it narrows the gap to fundamental demand, but we also remain positioned and prepared to fully capitalize on a range of market conditions. Most importantly, we will continue to focus on what we can control. Optimizing our operations and portfolio, capturing efficiencies, capitalizing on our diversification and scale and delivering operational excellence every single day. We will remain focused on these things so that we will drive industry-leading operational and financial performance and deliver superior value to our shareholders. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Just to follow-up on that, I think directionally, we're expecting a pricing uplift. As we see construction activity continue to pick up in the back half of the year, obviously, there have been a lot of curtailments and mill closure announcements. I think those are still working their way through the system. So directionally, we're expecting an uplift. I think, for us, the challenge is quantifying the timing and the magnitude.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so let me speak to channel inventory first and then I'll get back to your second question. I'd say, as a general statement across the industry, I would say that inventory levels are in the normal range. Now there may be a few geographies where it's a little high or a little low. But on balance, I think they're in a normal range. I do think one of the dynamics that you're seeing at present is that buyers are generally not building inventories. They feel pretty confident that they can get supply on an 'as needed' basis to meet their needs. And so I wouldn't say that inventories are in an extreme level by any means. The one I guess caveat to that is on SPF as you alluded to with some of the mill closures and curtailments, some of that volume from those mills that are closing down seems to be finding its way into the market. And I think that's been a little bit of a headwind on SPF here just recently. That being said, there have been a lot of capacity that's coming out of the system for the announced mill closures. There is a little noise in the system as that volume flows through, as you think about mills that are closing down. They're going to have to move their inventories out into the market and sometimes that will put a little pressure on things. But after that it sort of works its way through the system. We would expect that to normalize over time, whether that's two weeks, four weeks, what have you, hard to predict. But certainly, directionally, that's what we would expect to happen.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So there are really two things going on in British Columbia. One, as you mentioned, is the impact of the pine beetle and forest fire, which has reduced the overall supply of timber. Now, I would say that it's differential by region. And so when you're talking about certain areas in sort of the mid-B.C. range, it's a little bit more heavily impacted. Where we own a mill is a little bit further south. The wood basket that we operate in, hasn't been impacted in a meaningful way by the pine beetle or forest fire. So our fiber supply at our mill is actually in reasonably good shape. The other piece that you've been hearing about from a log cost perspective is the way that they do stumpage rates in British Columbia. And that reset on July 1st. It went up. You've probably heard that talk to you from a number of our competitors that are bigger in that region. And so that's the other impact on log cost, it's just the method that they used to calculate stumpage rates. For us, given the wood basket that we operate in, where fiber is a little bit more available, we have a mill that's a low-cost mill, top quartile cost structure in that region. And so even with the increased stumpage rates, I think we're feeling pretty good about the operations that we have in British Columbia.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I'd say there hasn't been a whole lot of movement on that front. Really, the activity is primarily in the litigation channels with the WTO and NAFTA. And so that process is going to take several years to work its way through. Ultimately, we would hope to come do a resolution that both sides can live with. From our perspective, that would be quota-based. But there hasn't been a whole lot of movement on that front recently.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, it's really hard for us to speculate on the cost structure for our competitors. Really, what we can speak to is our mill in British Columbia, as I mentioned; we think that's a top quartile mill and we can make money even at these levels. And so you can do the math. If we think we're a top quartile cost structure, that means others aren't, at least not everyone. And so you can probably run your own math. It's hard for us to speculate specifically on their cost structure though.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure, Mark. Obviously, the first half of the year has been a little soft on pricing across a number of our products. And that impacts cash flow. I would say, just as a starting point, we're expecting prices to pick up over the back half of the year, as I mentioned earlier. But putting that aside, I think we've been clear, returning cash to shareholders through our sustainable dividend is a core capital allocation priority, as is reinvesting in the business and maintaining an appropriate capital structure. And so to the extent that we continue to see a soft pricing environment. we've got leverage, we can pull. There is a little bit we can do around CapEx and further cost control. We're obviously always working on OpEx. But over and above that, we have two key levers to pull. First, as we continue to look to optimize our portfolio, we have opportunities to monetize non-core assets. You've seen us do that in the past with our Uruguay divestiture with what we did on the Twin Creeks transaction. And so that's a lever that we have to pull. Additionally, we have a strong balance sheet and lots of liquidity. And we're prepared to tap some of that liquidity to bridge as needed. I do think it's important to point out, we value our investment grade credit rating and so we'll obviously balance that in consideration of the other levers that we have to pull. But again, we do think you're going to see some uptick in pricing, but we've got levers that we can pull to continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities in the meantime.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there is no question that is one of the things that's driving the affordability issue. We've heard estimates as high as 25% of the costs of some homes being built are due to some of the regulatory burdens that are put on the builders. And so that's a challenge. Now the issue there is that something, typically that you have to battle out at the local level. The one thing that does give me some optimism around that, however, is there is a growing appreciation I think in the public policy space that affordable housing is a real issue that must be resolved. You've heard the governor of California talk about building 2.5 million to 3 million units to just get back up to base level demand. Here in Seattle, where the markets tight. It's a topic of conversation regularly. And I think you're seeing that play out. Now, the challenge in moving local governments is going to be differential depending on where you are in the country. But I do think that has really found its way into the public debate and that gives me some level of optimism that perhaps it's an issue that we can figure out to help with the affordability issue.
Devin Stockfish: No, absolutely not. And you know both from an SG&A perspective and an operating cost within the businesses, whether it's wood products or elsewhere. The reason that we've been on the positive trajectory there is, because we focus on it. We talk about it all the time we're always focused on it. OpEx has become part of the D&A of this organization that's true in the business, it's true with the corporate level. And so I wouldn't say there's anything aberrational in Q2. My expectation is, as we mentioned we're targeting another $80 million to $100 million of improvement in 2019. And we're confident that we're going to get it.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, let me just comment on the Western system generally, because that's a little context for what's going on with the pricing. I'd say over Q2, the demand was steady in the Western system, but as it's typically the case as the weather improves as you get into the drier months. You see additional volume coming into the market from the non-industrial former wood. And so that's an incremental volume that we see every year. I think the two additional factors at play this year are number one. While, our demand has been steady to China, I do think you've seen a little bit of a drop off within the Western region on shipments to China so some of that volume has stayed domestic. And then the third piece is, there were some ice storms in Southern Oregon over the winter time and you're seeing a lot of the landowners, moving some of that salvage volume to market, which is impacting the dynamic in Southern Oregon and is bleeding up a little bit to mid Oregon as well. And so those three things together, I think have put a little bit of a softness in pricing in the West. That's not a typical of what you typically see this time of year, as you see the former wood come to market. But that's sort of where we are. And I would say that's likely going to continue here until we get into – the more wet months here in the Pacific Northwest. So as we said, we would anticipate Q3 pricing in the West to be down moderately compared to Q2.
Devin Stockfish: Yes and so the overall rationale for why the radiata pine inventory built up, is a little bit hard for us to project. We obviously don't have Timberlands in New Zealand. What I will say is on an ongoing basis, I do think you've seen a bit of a price correction on radiata pine ordinarily, that would impact the volumes going in, in going into the fall. The other piece I would just say in terms of the overall dynamic in China, typically July and August are warmer months in the Southern China region. And so you ordinarily would see a little bit of a slowdown in take away. And I think in certain end markets, you're also seeing a little bit of lessened economic activity impacting the takeaway at the ports. And so, I think both on the supply and demand side. That's why it has gotten a little bit out of balance and why you've seen some of that price correction. I will say, as we mentioned earlier, though for our business for Hemlock and Douglas fir. We're still seeing good steady demand from our customers. Pricing soften a little bit, but we haven't seen the same kind of price correction that we've seen in some of the other species.
Devin Stockfish: Yes and I think you're absolutely right. The first half of the year, very wet that really kept log inventories at the mills down kept pricing tension in the market. And so, part of the uplift that you saw was attributable to weather. I will say, as we continue to see the manufacturing capacity come into the region and get up and running in those wood baskets. I think that's another piece that added to the uplift on pricing. Our view is that will be something that will continue on. Now that's local to those specific wood baskets, but I do think where we've seen that that's putting an upward pricing pressure. With respect to going into Q3, I think on balance we're expecting comparable quarter-over-quarter pricing. You're going to see maybe a little bit more pricing pressure in some of those regions that have just recently seen a whole bunch of rain, maybe a little less so in regions that have been dryer. But on balance across the south, we're looking at comparable quarter-over-quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Chip. And that really was just some maintenance downtime that extended a little bit longer than we had anticipated. At a high level, we're obviously always trying to match our supply with profitable demand, generate appropriate returns over time. I think with our products mix, and remember, we're predominantly a value-added OSB product. So we are not as heavy into the commodity sheeting business. And when we combine that with all the work that we've done on our cost structure, it allows us to be cash flow positive where others perhaps may not. And so in Q2, every one of our OSB mills was cash flow positive in every month, unless they had scheduled maintenance downtime. And I'd say, obviously the ultimate goal is not to just to be cash flow positive. The goal is to exceed earnings in excess of your cost-to-capital over time and that's certainly our expectation. But we're continuing to watch that and monitor it closely.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, well, rather than give you a specific percentage, I can talk about sort of geographically. When you think about some of the capacity that's been coming into the Arkansas, Oklahoma region, that's an area where we've seen price tensioning. And, in fact, really some of our highest delivered log prices in Q2 were coming out of that region, sort of the Mississippi area where the [Beaver] mill came in, that's an area that's been tensioned. We obviously have a significant land holdings in Mississippi. There are spots throughout the rest of the south, where some of the mill capacity is impacting our harvest. North Carolina is another strong operating region. We've got a mill that's coming up to speed in that region. And so I think, regionally, there are spots where it's helpful. Obviously, there is new mill capacity coming in Alabama. We have some holdings there. That's not a state where we have a significant amount of a holdings. But it's having a little bit of a knock-on effect in some of those regions as well.
Devin Stockfish: Well, I think those are the regions primarily that we're looking to see the new capacity. If you're asking if there is anything in the rumor mill that's coming on other than what's been publicly announced, I don't think we have anything to add there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I don't know. They were prepared to really list out specific non-core assets other than just to say. Obviously, as we look across our acreage in our businesses, we're looking to generate good, strong return on our assets. And that's really part and parcel to how we look to optimize our portfolio and to the extent that we have assets that we don't feel are generating the right return profile, that would be something that we would look at. And so I guess just directionally, we believe there are probably some non-core assets within the portfolio that we could monetize if and when we need to.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, in the second quarter, there is no question, it was difficult logging conditions. And we did lose some volume. It was only slight for us. And so, down just a few million dollars in terms of the actual dollar impact to us. But there is no question, logging conditions are very difficult when you have that amount of rain. What I would say is, you know it doesn't typically take all that long for the woods to dry out this time of year. And so we did see a good rain storm coming through in Arkansas, we saw a little bit in Louisiana. Most of the other regions have dried out for the most part. So, I think by and large, you're probably seeing relatively normal logging – activity across the south at this point.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, with respect to the OpEx piece. So of the 80 to 100 or 40 to 50 of that is in our wood products business. And what I would say is, by the end of this year will be essentially there on back at the bottom, outside of maybe one or two mills. But I think certainly we're – by all intents and purposes, we're going to be there by the end of the year. In terms of what black at the bottom, looks like it certainly is not a great pricing environment. I wouldn't call this what I would see as the bottom. And so, we're certainly planning the black at the bottom initiative for pricing south of this.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I actually wouldn't say that at all. I mean it's a range we have certain mills in our systems Dierks and millport, which are clearly best-in-class technology. But we have plenty of other mills in our system that are a bit more aged and we're slowly building up that technology and that's part of our capital expenditure plan in our program we have roadmaps at each mill. So I wouldn't say that we're anywhere near having best-in-class technology across our entire wood product portfolio.
Devin Stockfish: Yes well, that's a great point I'd just say I'm incredibly proud of the work that our EWP team is doing. Really there are a couple of things there it's first and foremost, our manufacturing team is doing a great job managing costs, running our mills efficiently, and that's a great starting point. We've got terrific products in our EWP business and our sales and marketing team does an excellent job of servicing customers and that's a good recipe for success regardless of market conditions. And so, we were able to move profitable volume across our portfolio of products in the quarter and I think that's really what drove the results.
Devin Stockfish: Not really any sort of meaningful appreciation of log costs in Alberta those remaining reasonable. Again, it's all wood basket dependent in one respect and we have good fiber availability near the mills that we're running in Alberta. And so they don't have the same stumpage model in Alberta as they do in BC so didn't seem that that same uptick in July that you saw in the British Columbia region. So log costs are pretty much comparable.
Devin Stockfish: Yes with respect to July from what we're seeing with our customers. There seems to be steady demand and steady pull-through. And so we still anticipate the construction activity will continue to build momentum and we haven't seen anything that would lead us to a different conclusion in July. With respect to the projects that were delayed in the first half due to weather. I think there is a general optimism among our customers and the homebuilders that they're going to make some of that up now. Realistically, there is a limit on how much of that they're going to be able to make up this year, primarily because of labor availability. I think if people can get the folks to actually go out and do the building, they're going to make up a pretty fair amount, but I think has been much discussed that remains a challenge throughout the industry. So they will make up some, I doubt they will make up all but we would anticipate as I said, a pickup in activity to see when we get to the end of the year some moderate level of growth year-over-year.
Devin Stockfish: With respect to China Southern Yellow Pine at a 25% tariff that's a pretty steep headwind. And so we're still shipping to China at a relatively low level really the amount that we need just to keep the supply chain open. We've got a few really good customers in China for Southern Yellow Pine and they're using that still. And so we're still getting a bit of a takeaway on the Southern Yellow Pine but certainly at a much-reduced rate than we had been on a trajectory even a year ago. With respect to India, we have been shipping into that market sort of off and on over the last 18 months. One of the things that we saw when they put the tariffs on Southern Yellow Pine that caused some market disruptions. Some of the volume that was headed for China ended up in India. And so it was a little choppy, but I think that's normalized a bit and so I think that will be an interesting market for us, still very small, but an opportunity to grow over time.
Devin Stockfish: All right terrific. All right well, I think that was our final question, so thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Russell Hagen: Yes, I think really what we're looking at is: one, we're operating very well in our manufacturing operations. The cost structure is clearly as Devin mentioned, really well positioned. So as we look at quarter-over-quarter, and the activity pricing has been pretty flat, but we would expect as we come into later in the summer, as activity increases, that we'll see improving pricing. So that's kind of how we're looking at it. We're really in just really a good position to benefit from that improvement in pricing.
Russell Hagen: 2019 has actually been a pretty slow start. We've seen a little more activity as we come in the summer months. But I think. in general, our expectation is that 2019 will be a pretty light year from a timber transaction kind of from the broader market timber transaction base. Typically, we expect around $2 billion to trade. And then every year you see maybe one large transaction sit on top of that. And so the average over the last number of years has been $2 billion to $4 billion. But I would speculate that we'd be hard-pressed to hit $2 billion in 2019, given the amount of transactions that we've seen close and the amount of acres that are on market or we would expect to see come to the market. One thing I'd say is, I think it's just a timing of transactions. I don't think it points to any fundamental change in the timber market. We're still seeing strong values. We're still seeing quality properties trade. good prices, and we're still seeing capital coming into the market seeking out the investments. So I think we're just going to see a slow year this year.
Russell Hagen: Yes, sure Collin, this is Russell. As you know, our first priority is – returning cash to the shareholders through the sustainable dividend. And then we'll do share repurchases on an opportunistic basis. In the first quarter, we repurchased around $60 million worth of shares and we did not have any repurchase in the second quarter. But it's something that we look at on an ongoing basis as part of our overall capital allocation program, and we'll update you next quarter as to our activity.
Russell Hagen: Chip. Yes, I think you actually described that pretty well. We entered into a couple of timber transactions back in 2002 and 2004, and set up the financial instruments to monetize those. And the first set of those transactions or vehicles were completed last year. And then we have the second step or a second set coming due this year. In the third quarter, we'll make a payment of $302 million. And then in the first quarter of 2020, we'll receive $362 million. So I would expect at year-end, you're going to see a little bit elevation on that. We'll probably tap a revolver to cover that. But it will be repaid back right in the first quarter. So it'll be very temporary.
Russell Hagen: Correct. Similar though to the drop that we had in 2018, second and third quarters. So it's really impact - it's a seasonal effect really around harvest levels and pricing. And then also drill cost…
Russell Hagen: So that's correct. We expect a 20% benefit for the full year. And that's really just re-calibrating our tax provision to factor in the lower wood products pricing. So, as far as cash taxes, we'll pay minimal cash taxes. We have some refunds associated with the pension work that we did last year. And so we would expect to see minimal cash taxes in 2019.
Russell Hagen: Yes. No, on a net basis, it's minimal cash taxes. And then we do have, as we announced, I think in the prior quarter, we do have an outstanding refund that we've put in with the IRS.
Russell Hagen: Mark, we really don't have a changed view. The transactions that we are seeing close, are strong values. We're just seeing a slow market right now. And I really don't have an answer as to why we don't see more volume on the market. Just in context, there's about 120 million acres of investable timberlands in the United States. And so as we've seen in the past, those acres are going to trade hands over time, and we would expect that continue into the future. So I just think we're in a slow, slow part of time as it relates to timber transactions, but we really haven't seen any change in value. They remain strong.
Russell Hagen: Yes, Steve, this is Russell. Yeah, we're obviously in the market we have timber operations in every major wood basket in the United States. So, we see everything that comes to the market. I would say that if there is an opportunity to acquire Timberlands that created shareholder value and fit within our portfolio. And we could demonstrate that we could capture the synergies from that that's clearly something that we would look at. I mean, our long-term view is to build the most valuable timber portfolio. So that would add to that overall strategy. As far as how we're looking this on the buyer sell side. As Devin mentioned, we're constantly looking at our portfolio to optimize it to make sure that we are the rightful owner of every asset in every market. And in doing so we may identify areas or properties that don't fit on the long-term basis, but again that's just an ongoing process that we work through every day.
