Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the first quarter is summarized on chart 12. Now, this outlook does not incorporate the merger with Plum Creek. We'll include Plum Creek results after the transaction closes. I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, export demand from Japan is expected to remain strong, and we anticipate a slight improvement in pricing. The strength of the U.S. dollar continues to dampen significant price increases. Sales volumes to Japan are expected to increase more than 5% in the quarter. Our volumes and realizations for log sales to China are anticipated to increase modestly. We anticipate a slight increase in Western domestic sales realizations as lumber prices are expected to improve later in the quarter. Fee harvest in the West is expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. In the South, sales realizations are expected to decrease slightly due to mix. Sales volumes will be lower as wet weather contributes to the typical seasonal decline in fee harvest. Earnings from non-strategic land sales are anticipated to be roughly $10 million lower than the fourth quarter. Overall, we expect earnings in our Timberlands segment to be comparable to the fourth quarter. In Wood Products, lumber average sales realizations are anticipated to increase in the first quarter compared to the fourth, although prices have not improved thus far. Realizations for our other product lines as well as overall sales volumes are expected to be roughly comparable to last quarter. We expect less downtime from planned maintenance and capital projects compared to the fourth quarter. And as a result, average unit manufacturing cost should decrease. Channel inventories remain low, with customers generally purchasing for immediate needs. As we enter the spring building season, we do expect to see business improve. We anticipate that overall earnings on our Wood Products segment will be higher in the first quarter compared to the fourth and slightly higher than the first quarter of 2015. In Cellulose Fibers, global softwood pulp inventories as of the end of the fourth quarter were at 29 days, down slightly from the 30 days at the end of the third quarter. This is at the high end of balanced inventory levels. We expect that average sales realizations and volumes for our pulp products will weaken during the first quarter due to continued currency headwinds and the normal effect of the Chinese New Year. Our liquid packaging operation will begin its planned maintenance outage this quarter, and as a result, we expect maintenance expense for this segment will increase significantly compared to the fourth quarter, which had fewer overall maintenance days. We anticipate that earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will be significantly lower than the fourth quarter of 2015 and roughly comparable to the first quarter of last year. Now, I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments, and I'll refer to chart 11 for these discussions. Cash from operations totaled $339 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $57 million from the third quarter. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $174 million, bringing our total expenditures for the full year to $483 million, well within our earlier guidance of $500 million. Looking ahead to 2016, we expect total expenditures for the full year to be down slightly from 2015, subject to the outcome of the strategic review for Cellulose Fibers and the transaction with Plum Creek. At the end of the quarter, we had cash of just over $1 billion and we do not have any scheduled debt maturities in 2016. Now, I'd like to update you on the status of our retirement benefit plans. The year-end 2015 funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and post-employment retirement plans improved by approximately $400 million compared to year-end 2014. This improvement was primarily the result of the increase in discount rates. We did not make any cash contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan in 2015 and we don't anticipate any cash contributions for that plan this year. Cash paid for all other pension and other post-employment retirement plans in 2015 was approximately $80 million. We expect spending in 2016 to be approximately $60 million. Chart 14 in the appendix details the pension expense by business for 2015. Total expense in 2015 was approximately $42 million, and in 2016, we expect the total amount will be income of approximately $5 million. So with that, I'll turn the call back to Doyle.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah, Anthony. This is Patty. Your question on Cellulose Fibers, was it fourth quarter of 2014 to fourth quarter of 2015 in terms of...
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah. It really isn't anything significant as it relates to anything out of the ordinary. As you know, we do have a different mix in terms of both our product within our fluff mill, as well as our NBSK mill in Grande Prairie. But I wouldn't say there's anything out of the ordinary or strange about the pricing itself. It's just that the mix can change.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah, George. As you think about Wood Products, the primary price increase quarter-over-quarter that we have baked into our guidance is in Lumber and I would say we're looking for something low-single digits in Lumber. And OSB and Engineered Wood, combinations of those two, probably the results would – in our guidance would be roughly flat from a pricing perspective. But as Doyle has said, thus far for January, one month does not a quarter make, but we are down from the guidance that we have baked into the quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah. Chip, this is Patty. I think as we think about Cellulose Fibers strategic review, we're looking at all of those alternatives and evaluating them. I couldn't put any dollars on them at this point. You are correct in that the tax basis for Cellulose Fibers is low. And so, we would have on a cash sale a tax, a gain, but we would have to compare that to what we would get in terms of a spin and both in terms of time as well as cost of setting up a separate company. But as we have done with all of our other strategic reviews over the course of time, we are looking at a broad range of options at this point.
Patricia M. Bedient: And Mark, as to your question about the rating agencies, S&P did write that based upon their understanding of what the leverage would look like after we close the transaction in order to repurchase the shares, as we've talked about that, the leverage will be certainly higher than where we have historically been. And so, based upon their understanding, at this point, they would expect that they would downgrade us from BBB to BBB minus, so still investment grade. We are focused on bringing that leverage down as we go forward. We are still committed to the $2.5 billion of share repurchase, but certainly mindful that we'll need to bring the leverage down going forward and we think we'll have good opportunities to do that, both with respect to the broader portfolio of 13 million acres of timberland as well as depending upon the outcome of the strategic review of Cellulose Fibers.
Patricia M. Bedient: No, we can't give it to you by quarter, Mark. I can tell you that as you think about fourth quarter to first quarter and the guidance that there's about roughly $10 million of additional maintenance expense in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Doyle, let me, just before you close the call, interject one additional thank you to the analyst community on the call. We are very fortunate as a company to have a whole host of very knowledgeable people, and I've enjoyed the dialogue over the years. And as I do retire from Weyerhaeuser now, I feel very confident in the management team going forward, really pleased with the progress that we've made on portfolio performance and capital allocation, and couldn't be more pleased with my successor, once we close this transaction, Russell Hagan. I think that as we go forward, since I will continue to be a significant shareholder, I think that we have a lot of additional capabilities and levers to pull to create ongoing value for shareholders. So, Doyle, thanks to you and thanks to the whole senior management team and employees of Weyerhaeuser.
Doyle R. Simons: Let me start. I'll address your second question with OpEx and then, I'll ask Patty to address your first question. And what I would tell you on OpEx is we're gaining a lot of traction across our businesses and specifically in Cellulose Fibers. What we found there through Cathy Slater's leadership is an abundance of ideas that are percolating up from a bottoms-up approach in terms of continuing to drive down our overall cost structure. The encouraging thing about OpEx overall, Anthony, that we've seen is, it started off as a top-down effort. But as we defined winning, defined exactly what we mean by OpEx and people are incented to drive OpEx, we are having just more and more ideas bubble up in terms of the opportunities, and Cathy has a full slate of those outlined and proved in 2015 the ability to execute on those, and more to come in 2016. So, it's across the board, lower energy, lower chemicals, better reliability, all the safety blocking and tackling of running a Cellulose Fibers business.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure, Anthony. So in terms of operating rates, in the fourth quarter, Lumber was in the high-80s, OSB was in the low-90s, and ELP was in the low-70s. In terms of pricing for OSB, if you look at its current or first quarter to-date, average to-date is down about $7 versus the fourth quarter in terms of the OSB pricing.
Doyle R. Simons: Okay. Yeah, thanks for the question, George. On OpEx, I think you said it exactly right. It does get more difficult as you move forward. But as I said in response to the earlier question, what I'm really encouraged about and why we're confident we're going to – be able to continue to deliver on OpEx targets is because it has become part of who we are. It is being done much more from a bottoms-up approach, George. So whereas previously, you would think that we're identified at the top and kind of driven down and now more and more of these ideas. To your point, it's a larger funnel. More and more of our ideas are coming from our employee base, which they are the ones out there doing the hard work every day. When they understand what the opportunities are, recognize that they are empowered to go do something at those, and then send them (31:33) to do that, it's amazing what can happen. So, you're right, it is a different approach, but very encouraged by the progress. And most importantly, it's becoming part of our culture and that's why we're year-after-year, we believe, we're going to be able to continue to drive operational excellence as we move forward. In terms of distribution, George, it's been – while we have made – and I think it's important to highlight, we have made an improvements there. And if you look at it, we've made $40 million plus improvements over the last two years in bottom line distribution EBITDA, but we're still not where we need to be to your point. This year, I hate using weather, but weather did have an impact in the first half of the year, slower than the expected demand, and then the fact that we had kind of eroding commodity prices throughout the year limited the ability to leverage the margin improvements. As we said, we made some significant changes to the cost structure by closing four sites to reduce the footprint, the cost structure and really focus on our growth markets going forward. And I'll tell you, with those changes, we are confident that we're going to be able to continue to improve our distribution business. But still a lot of work to do there and still have work to do, frankly, to prove that we deserve to be in this business long term. With good progress and again with the structural changes we made in the fourth quarter, optimistic about that business going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, George. In terms of pricing, as Patty outlined, we anticipate prices will in fact be higher in Lumber in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. However, that's still in front of us. If you look at it currently, quarter-to-date, prices for Lumber are down approximately $7 versus the fourth quarter average. Encouraging, prices were up $4 or $5 this week. So, we'll see where it plays out. But normally, you start to see an inflection point in Lumber prices mid to late-February as the spring – as building season kicks in. And we would hope to see the same type of price inflection or improvement in OSB as we move through the quarter as well. And that's what's baked into – generally baked into our guidance for the first quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: And in terms of SG&A, George, we're always looking to drive down our SG&A costs and as we complete the merger with Plum Creek, as we already identified, there will be at least $100 million of hard dollar cost synergies. Most of that will be SG&A they did and then of course operational synergies on top of that. So like I said, we're never done on SG&A and the focus after the closure of the merger will quickly turn to the – to hard dollar cost synergies that we outlined when we announced that merger.
Doyle R. Simons: Well, as we said, we did close four sites. These were markets with limited growth potential and high cost. And we think, as a result of that, we've laid out our OpEx target for 2016, and we are confident with these changes, Collin, that we will meet these specific targets that we laid out for 2016 in terms of bottom line EBITDA improvement of $15 million to $20 million in that business.
Doyle R. Simons: We don't really break it out that way, Collin. I'll just tell you, it does significantly improve our cost structure. It gets us focused on the markets that we need to be focused on. And I think it's going to be a big benefit as we move in to 2016.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So, if you think about Southern log prices, Collin, our prices were up a couple of percent in 2015 versus 2014, and we would anticipate a similar increase in 2016 versus 2015. From a broader picture, if U.S. housing starts continue to improve, demand for lumber will rise. And we expect the tension and rising prices across the Southern log markets, we are confident that's going to continue to pay out. And frankly, the additional mills, whether it be the Canadians coming down and investing in mills and increasing the productivity of those mills or Klausner adding the three mills that they're adding, that's all positive from a demand standpoint for Southern sawlogs as well. So we are – we remain confident that we're going to reach that inflection point and see Southern sawlog prices begin to rise on a more aggressive basis than the 2% that we've seen over the last couple of years.
Doyle R. Simons: Everybody's walking around with a frown on their face. But in terms of distribution, Chip, I would tell you, as I mentioned earlier, we have made improvements in that business. I think the business has earned the right to continue to be on the field at this point, but has not earned a spot on the roster. So, like I said earlier, still more to do, encouraged by the progress. Like I said, we made some significant changes in the fourth quarter of 2015 and we're confident that that's going to help us accelerate progress in distribution going forward, so more work to do. In terms of Wood Products overall, Chip, as you've heard us say and me say historically, we believe that this can be a very good business and create a lot of value for shareholders over a cycle, assuming that you run it effectively and get the cost structure to where it needs to be, where you're back at the bottom and that you're fully capitalizing on the upturn in housing that we still have in front of us. We're encouraged by the progress we've made on the overall cost structure and our OpEx improvements and still more to come, and like I said, very well positioned to continue to capitalize on the improvement in housing as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: So, let me talk about the acquisitive part and I'll turn it over to Patty to talk about the rating agency. Mark, we have said that we would like to grow the company. We said that our primary opportunities were in Timberlands and thus, the Plum Creek transaction. I'll tell you, in the near term, our focus and maybe our singular focus is going to be on fully integrating Plum Creek and making sure we fully realize the synergy and the value of that transaction. So, in the near term, that's going to be our primary focus and our plate's full on that. Longer term as we integrate that and get the full benefit, continuing to grow the company assuming we can find the right opportunities is something we would consider, but right now, our focus is on Plum Creek and the integration thereof.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So first, let me say thank you for those comments, Mark. And then secondly, yes, the strategic review of Cellulose Fibers includes all of the businesses in Cellulose Fibers.
Doyle R. Simons: As we've said, as part of the integration process, we'll do a thorough analysis of all 13-plus million acres with 13-plus million acres and the fact, Mark, and I think this is an important one to highlight, with the recent tax extender package, reducing the build-in gains period permanently to five years, we no longer have that constraint. So, 13 million acres with – plus no longer being under the built-in gains tax. We have lots of flexibility in terms of what we could do going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Mark, what gives me confidence and gives us confidence is basically supply and demand. And as you know, ultimately that works. And if you just look at it from a housing continuing to improve and housing has improved, it's been slow but steady. So, I think that's going to be what's going to happen on the demand front. And on the supply front, if housing continues to improve, the supply is not going to come from the Pacific Northwest, the supply is not going to come from Canada. Yeah, we see a little influx now because of exchange rates in China, but ultimately, they, being Canada are limited because of the pine beetle situation as to what they're going to be able to provide. So, supply and demand works. We're going to reach that inflection point. And when we do, that's when we're going to see a significant change in Southern sawlog prices. So, yeah, it comes slower than any of us would have expected or hoped, but if you just look at the basic supply and demand, we remain confident that we will in fact see improved prices for Southern sawlog just like we have historically.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, Mark, that's a really good point and there's no doubt that there is some accumulated inventory as housing has improved over the last couple of years, we have started to work through some of that accumulated inventory, but there's still some out there. So that's why I'll say there's still a little bit of time, if housing continues, to improve to work through accumulated inventory. But once we do that, you can hit that inflection point of supply and demand, and that's where you start to see the significant increase in pricing.
Doyle R. Simons: That is not a key driver of the OpEx improvement that we laid out, Mark. There is, of course, some benefit as we go into the 18-month schedule, but that's not the big driver of what we saw in 2015 versus 2014 nor we'll see in 2016 versus 2015.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, Mark. We are absolutely confident that that's going to happen and all you have to do is spend some time in that area and see the devastation that the pine beetle has, in fact, caused. You're starting to see some announcement as you know of some lumber mill closures because of that. I think what's happened is, part of that has just been distorted by the fact that there's been less demand from China. So, some of the impact from lumber that would normally would get on to China has come to the U.S. and that has temporarily offset the pine beetle situation. But if you just look at what the allowable cuts are, if you look at just the overall fiber situation in Canada, we are confident that the pine beetle scenario is going to play out.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, we would say unit for 2016 in terms of sawlogs overall, we would then anticipate volumes from being flat to maybe down just very slightly. In terms of Lumber and OSB, part of that of course will be dependent on markets. But as we continue to improve our reliability, we would think Lumber and OSB volumes will be up slightly in 2016 versus 2015.
Doyle R. Simons: I think it's more related to the fact that we're logging at sustainable levels. As we said, we have the ability in any given year to flex 5% or maybe a little more depending on markets. So we'll see how that plays out and that will ultimately determine what the harvest levels are. But basically, we are harvesting at sustainable levels.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you and thank you for everybody's interest today. Before I – or in closing today, I want to say some words about Patty as this will be her last earnings call on behalf of Weyerhaeuser as she will retire later this year. Specifically, I want to acknowledge her outstanding work as the CFO since 2007 and personally thank her for partnering with me over the last couple of years as we've taken significant steps to make Weyerhaeuser a truly great company. Thank you, Patty, for all you've done for Weyerhaeuser.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
