Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. Through the RICO divestiture and Longview Timber acquisition we have positioned Weyerhaeuser as a focused force products company with a productive asset base and significant runway for earnings growth and cash generation. Our strong second quarter results reflect our employee’s commitment to operational excellence. And we remain focused on driving superior returns from our assets to generate value for our shareholders. Thank you. And now I would like to open the call to questions.
Doyle Simons: So, let’s start with your first question and in our ELP business, Anthony, we were very encouraged by the progress we made in the quarter. As you referenced, we went from $8 million of EBITDA to $30 million, from $8 million of EBITDA in the first quarter to $30 million of EBITDA in the second quarter. Also as you referenced, our commitment was to improve EBITDA in that business by $30 million to $40 million in 2014 versus 2013. And we think we’re well on the way to doing that, that’s the commitment we’re going to work to get as much earnings out of that business as we can get in 2014. And like I said, we’re encouraged about the progress we made to date. In terms of operating rates, if you will start with lumber, lumber operating rates were in the low 90%. OSB, was approximately 90% and then ELP overall and as you know that the mixture of products was in mid-70s in terms of operating rates for that business.
Doyle Simons: Sure Mark. As we indicated in the comments, we anticipate earnings will be lower in the third quarter versus the second quarter in Cellulose Fiber. And that is primarily if not wholly driven by the outages. Just to quantify it a little bit, we think the Longview liquid packaging outage will result in roughly $30 million of the impact. And as we also said we have additional outages compared to the prior quarter in our port mills. And that would be another $5 million to $10 million impact on the third quarter versus the second quarter.
Doyle Simons: Well, as Patty alluded to Mark, the project will do three things, improve quality, lower cost and then have roughly 10%, over time it will take a little bit time to get there but 10% improvement in production. So, all those things will factor in. We won’t provide a specific number but clearly the reason for doing that project is to drive additional earnings in cash out of our liquid packaging board operation.
Doyle Simons: So, Chip, as we previously disclosed, we’re going to be visiting with our board in mid-August regarding the dividend, potentially use of cash proceeds and those types of things. Just to remind you and everybody else, as we think about capital allocation and what our financial priorities are, as you know, first and foremost is returning cash to shareholders primarily through a growing dividend but also about share repurchase where appropriate. Second, is investing our business to high return projects. And then, just as you heard on sale this morning, then improved cost structure and our margin and of course we’ll also look for opportunities to grow our business through value creating acquisitions. Again, an example there would be Longview. And then, finally, making sure we maintain the appropriate capital structure. And as you know we’re in good shape on that front. So that’s the way we think about it and again we’ll read back to you in mid-August.Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: I think there are a couple of things that were happening. Or I’m guessing there were a couple of things that were happening there. I think first as we mentioned Gail, there is a price increase going into effect, and first is third quarter. So, I think there might have been some pull forward in terms of buying in the second quarter versus the third quarter. So I think that’s part of the equation. I will also tell you as I mentioned earlier, we had a very focused sales effort in that business and I’m encouraged by the progress we’re making there. So, I think our sales folks did a really good job of growing profitable share in that business in the second quarter as well.
Doyle Simons: Well, it is always difficult to assess pre-buy, I would tell you our activity in the month of July continued to be good. So, I would tell you there are some – there clearly was some pre-buy in the month, in the second quarter. But we didn’t see just a dramatic fall-off in July so we continue to be encouraged by those markets and our sales efforts in those markets.
Doyle Simons: And again, it’s hard to know exactly what happens on shares because we don’t see all the different information. But really what we’re talking about when we talk about profitable growth is just growing the ELP business overall. And there are some coming out of saw logs maybe but that’s not specifically what we’re talking – when I say I didn’t mean all of it, some of it coming out of lumber, possibly but that’s not really what we’re referring to.
Doyle Simons: So, Mark, we’re spending a lot of time working on capital issues currently. We will, as always once we make some decisions for next year, either late this year or early next year we will be passing those on to you. It will take more than one year period to get our – to make the investments in some of our wood product operations that we need to, to get our cost structure to where we want it to be. And as you know, that’s the real focus of the investment we’re going to make going forward is to continue to drive down our cost structure in order to fully accomplish the OpEx initiatives that we laid out. So, that’s how we’re thinking about it. And as we develop more detail, we will be sharing that with you.
Doyle Simons: So, let me give my view point of probably little more short time and I’ll let Patty expand on it. But again, I’m just telling you, this facility has run really well, and Patty mentioned in her comments, it’s run really run over the past few quarters, both from a quality perspective. You’re right, historically we’ve had some quality issues but quality, we made significant improvements in quality over the past few quarters. And just to be real straight forward about it, the operating rates and reliability of liquid packaging had been kind of up the charts the last few quarters. Now again, we’re excited about this, the outage and the capital that we’re getting because we think that’s going to allow us to take it to the next level. But this is not one where we go we’re having big, big problems so we got to go spend this money, this is the one that’s really going to just further enhance what we’ve been able to do at this facility at least over the past year.George Staphos – Bank of America: That’s where I was going with that question. Go ahead, Patty, I’m sorry.
Doyle Simons: So, as I have said, we’re running at 75% kind of on a blended average across the system. Some of our mills are running more than that, some of our facilities are running less than that. So, clearly, in some products if housing continues to improve, we may not have enough production to always meet our customer’s demand. In others we clearly do have as Patty mentioned, we’re in the process of ramping up evergreen. So we’ve clearly gotten more capacity there. So, we feel pretty good about where we’re positioned overall in engineered lumber, in order to continue to service our customers as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: You’re exactly right. The capacities that we have, is what we have. And so there is nothing sitting out there to go start back up, we’re running what we have.
Doyle Simons: Yes. It’s hard to project exactly what revenues or earnings are going to be. But I’ll just tell you as mentioned our commitment this year is to improve by $30 million to $40 million in our distribution. But let’s be clear about it, that doesn’t get us to where we absolutely need to be. We think as we do benchmarking versus our competition, we understand we are clearly not the leader. Our goal will be to be the leader in that business. And I’ll just put it this way Steve, I think there is still a lot of run way. Once we accomplish the $30 million to $40 million this year, there is still a lot of run way in front of us to continue to improve earnings and cash flow out of that business going forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes, I mean, our goal is to be like I said the leader in that business. And those types of numbers are absolutely what we would be able to accomplish.
Doyle Simons: Yes, and what I’ve said on the wood products business is, our primary focus is continuing to run what we have better and again making progress there. In terms of specific businesses, there is not a specific business we feel compelled to grow at all. We like our position. And all of those – in those businesses, again we think our biggest opportunity is to run when we have better. With that said, if we find growth opportunities then we think can add additional value for our shareholders in that business that’s something we would consider.Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Great thanks very much. Best of luck.
Doyle Simons: Sure, so in terms of further on saw logs, we should step back and look at overall in the south, we saw log prices go up about 4% in ‘13 versus ‘12. As we mentioned earlier, we had seen saw log prices up modestly in the first half of ‘14 versus ‘13. And we think that trend will continue into the second half of ‘14. Yes, there are always some regional differences based on capacity, based on weather, based on a lot of different things. So yes, you do see some different things in mid south versus Gulf versus Atlantic, whatever the case may be. But overall, we continue to anticipate but continued improvement in saw log prices going forward.
Doyle Simons: We’re always looking for opportunities to grow our Timberland base. So, there is as you probably are assuming – I’m sure you know there is some activity out there. There has been a pretty consistent flow. We look at every opportunity that comes along. We take a disciplined approach to it. And we will continue to do that. So, no, we didn’t – Longview has been a fantastic acquisition for us. We’re well ahead of our synergy targets. We’re on track to deliver the EBITDA that we indicated out of that acquisition. But we didn’t put other things on hold as we went through that process. We’ve continued to look. Again, we’ll be very disciplined but we think there will be opportunities to grow our Timberland base going forward and we’re focused on doing just that.
Doyle Simons: Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining this morning. Before we sign-off, one thing I would like to do as, I would like to acknowledge Kathy McAuley who actually retired effective today. It’s hard to express just how much Kathy has contributed to Weyerhaeuser during her 14 years with us. Patty and I would like to offer our sincere thanks. And more importantly wish her all the best in her retirement. As we have previously announced Denise Merle has taken on responsibility as Senior Vice President of HR and Investor Relations. And Beth Baum is the Director of Investor Relations. They will both be available to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. And again, I’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And we appreciate your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Patty Bedient: Anthony, the most important part of that project is cost reduction and quality improvement. We will get some increased capacity maybe in the around 10% range but that project really was done to lower our energy and our fiber cost and as I said improved the product quality.
Patty Bedient: And Gail, as Doyle referenced in his remarks, we did bring up the ever green Alabama facility so all of our engineered wood products facilities now are operating. And so that came up starting shipping product in May so we’ll have it for the full quarter in the third quarter.
Patty Bedient: Well, probably the thing that drove the upside the most was just outstanding operational performance across the Cellulose Fibers system. And I think that all of the hard work that they’ve been doing is paying off and I would look to that being sustainable and repeatable as we go forward.
Patty Bedient: So, we had thought that it would be impacted we started to see some impact in the second quarter and that continued into the third quarter. It’s a little difficult to tell for sure because as I mentioned, the third quarter is normally seasonally weaker. But I think the latest news that we’ve heard just earlier this week was that the Japanese government is thinking that the impact of the consumption task, now this is broadly was not as significant as many once thought. And that it is starting to come up and they see more activity towards the second half of the year. But we’ll have to see. But certainly it is softer in the third quarter.
Patty Bedient: It’s about – it will be lower than the second quarter as we mentioned, it will probably be somewhere around $8 million to $10 million lower than the second quarter.
Patty Bedient: Yes, Alex, as I mentioned, it is difficult to forecast. And that’s one of the reasons why when we put this information together we’ve started putting that chart 10 together for you just so you can see what it looks like in the number of things that move around. So, if for us, the foreign exchange really is a function of the Canadian exchange rate. So as that moves, our share based comp certainly you can track that with the stock price. And then, there are just a whole lot of other stuff that goes in there. This quarter, and as we go forward, the other thing that we are focused on is lowering our G&A but we will have some costs on a go forward basis that were historically allocated to the RICO business. And we are focused on making those costs lower as well. But you may see some choppiness as a result of that as we work through the G&A cost.
Patty Bedient: It’s closing a little bit but they’re both – both of them have come down in the quarter as we talked about. So I don’t know that the spread is changing all that much.Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Just a couple of other quick ones. Doyle can you talk a little bit about how you would think about both investments and/or acquisitions outside of Timberlands, say in the Wood Products area? And then can you give us a little color on that joint venture you announced with Pioneer? Doyle Simons: Okay. In terms of the way we look at acquisition opportunities in wood products, Mark. We will, as we’ve said, we would be interested in potentially growing our wood products business but we’re going to be very disciplined. We’re not going to grow those businesses just for the sake of growing. And if we find one-off opportunities that something we would consider, but our primary focus in our wood products business is we’ve said, it’s just running on what we have better. And that’s what we’re focused on doing every day.
Patty Bedient: Mark, I think you’re referencing the licensing that we did on some of our technology IP international intellectual property. And I think it’s an important recognition of the importance and the strength of our intellectual property. But I will tell you that it’s not a meaningful increase in terms of our quarterly results.Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Very good. That’s helpful. Good luck in the second half of the year.
Patty Bedient: Well, Mark, we are focused primarily on Douglas Fir, that is what our most of our lands are best suited to grow. We do have some Whitewoods as well. And so, as you know, not every acre grows best the same species. So I would say we will continue to have a focus on Douglas Fir but our Whitewoods inventory will be important as well. Although it does come at a lower price point based on the quality.
Patty Bedient: No, I was going to say George that as we look at the spending that’s being done at Longview there is some spending for cleaners that will improve the quality. But as a percentage of the total dollars, it’s a small amount of that. The big piece as well in this project is that it will allow us to upgrade the product mix coming out of that operation. Today, the excess fluff pulp goes into wet lap. And so there is not a great market for that. So we’ll be able to change the product mix a little bit. And then again, the big piece will be just lowering the fiber cost and lowering the energy cost. So, it’s not a place where as we look across our system that we would spend capital in any operation that we didn’t think had the ability to run well and run reliably. And Longview has proven that. And I think they have a really good package going forward as it relates to the return that we’ll get from these projects.George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Last question and I’ll turn it over. Would it be fair to say that in recognizing it is the Board’s decision, that at this juncture, from your vantage point of the key metrics, either from a balance sheet standpoint or the operating fundamentals of the Company and the sectors that you’re in, that you’ve checked the box, so to speak, in terms of being able to raise the dividend in the next several quarters? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Patty Bedient: Yes, I think George, going back to the comments that I made in December at the Investor Meeting. We said that we would be looking forward to increasing the dividend in the future but that would likely be after we closed the RICO transaction. And that is now closed and as Doyle said, we’ll be visiting on that with the board at the next board meeting in mid-August.George Staphos – Bank of America: Thank you, Patty.
Patty Bedient: I don’t have that exact number in front of me. I would tell you that in terms of looking forward in the third quarter, most of the decrease in EBIT will come in the west versus the south because of the export markets both in terms of what the export markets are doing in export and then obviously that has an impact back to the domestic market as well.
Patty Bedient: Colin, as we look at our capital expenditure what will drive that is our ability to continue to have high quality projects which we would focus on as driving our cost down. So as Doyle said, we’re still looking at those numbers. I hope actually that that number will go up a little bit because that means we do have good projects but we’re still working through that as we are speaking. And I think the other thing that we have really had a focus on is making sure that before we spend capital, all of our operations are really operating well. So, we’re not looking at growing capacity necessarily from additional capital spend, it really is focused on improving the cost position of our operations. But we’ll be giving you more clarity on that as we get closer to the end of the year.
