Doyle Simons: Thank you, Russell. After the Q&A, we'll make a few comments on owned succession to close the call, but at this time, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle Simons: Sure. And we think weather total impact on the quarter Anthony was approximately $15 million and that includes from the hurricane, the Japan typhoon, the Redding fire at our distribution facility and higher Canadian log costs because of very wet weather. If you take that $15 million and you break it down, about $5 million of it was in Timberlands, half of that from hurricane, half of it from the typhoon and approximately $10 million of it was in wood products. So that's how we would break that down.
Doyle Simons: I think generally in wood products across the system, I would say inventories are normal to slightly elevated, but headed in the right direction. What I would tell you George, in the fourth quarter versus the third, I would actually anticipate our volumes would improve. In lumber for example, our operating rates in the third quarter were in the high 80s versus where they were in the second quarter, which was the mid-90s that was a result of all the disruptions we saw from weather and primarily in the South in the third quarter. So as we move into the fourth quarter George, we would anticipate operating rates returning to more normalized levels. So that's how we're currently thinking about it.
Doyle Simons: That is correct. We have no current plan for downtime and part of our overall velocities George has been to focus on cost and our current cost position allows us to continue to run our mills when it may not make sense for some others to do so. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it at this point in time.
Doyle Simons: Yes, so just a little bit of context around China. So when you think about the Chinese export program off of the West, really as Doyle mentioned, when the trade dispute really started picking up steam mid to late summer timeframe, what that really did was it put a little bit of a pause into that market, just as people were trying to react and figure out how that was going to be implemented. And so you saw a little bit of slow down into the China market. I would say that, that is beginning to normalize. At this point, if you think about a 5% tariff, that's really not enough to meaningfully impact the volume that we're going to flow into China kind of in the short to mid-term. One thing to remember about China pricing however, is that there is a strong correlation to domestic markets in terms of how we price the China wood and that can really swing one direction or the other depending on what's going on in the domestic market and the Chinese demand. I will say just on the demand side, we're still seeing strong activity in China, the inventory levels at the port are coming down. According to our folks in China, there are still good take away from the ports and so we would certainly expect as we get to the back half of the quarter that we're going to continue to see good demand out of China.
Doyle Simons: It's a little bit of both really. If you think about what happened in the West in the quarter, it was really, it was a perfect storm of events. You think about the fire season that the mills across the West were expecting and really they were putting that in the context of 2017 when we had a really severe fire season in the west and so across Washington and Oregon, everybody was planning for that in 2018, never materialized. Then you saw a lot of volume being built up at the mills and so very heavy large log decks. Additionally, with the high pricing that you saw in the West for the first half of the year that brought a lot of the marginal players bringing wood to the market, so that increased supply and then you overlay that with the trade disputes as some of the logs at least during a portion of the quarter that would have otherwise gone to China stayed into the domestic market. And so really what that did, it caused a little bit of a supply-demand dynamic that, that was a little out of balance and so as all of the things begin to normalize, we head into the winter weather where you're going to see less volume flowing into the market, that will all normalize and I think you get back into balance.
Doyle Simons: I don't want to speculate on what others may do. As you know, as you probably know, there already have been some announcements as to downtime in the quarter. As I said our focus on cost and cost position puts us in a good position to continue to run our mills when maybe it didn’t make sense for some others to. I do think that the pricing scenario we're currently in will correct itself. Our best guess is by the end of the quarter, it will be headed back in the right direction. So we'll have to see how that plays out from a pricing perspective. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Doyle Simons: Sure. We have been spending approximately $300 million a year in CapEx in our wood products operation. We would anticipate that type of number in 2019 and then falling off to $250 million or so on a go forward basis. We've always said that maintenance CapEx is probably $150 million to $200 million, not suggesting this at all but you could lower it down to that price or to that level in the event that you made the decision that was the right thing to do. Again I'd go back to I think what we're seeing is a confluence of events that have led to this significant fall in the pricing including as Russell mentioned, a slug of supply coming in from Canada that was built up slower seasonal land hurricanes, a lot of events that we think will level out over time. So we're not predicting a precipitous fall in lumber prices for any extended basis, but in response to your question, we could lower CapEx significantly if we made a determination that we needed to do that.
Doyle Simons: Yeah, so EWP prices as we mentioned were actually up a little bit in the quarter that's a result of the price increase that we went -- that we put in earlier this year. So as you said, there is no direct tie between EWP prices. Those are done -- those price increases are set and implement over an annual basis, whereas lumber as we know it's price is determined every day. So at some point if you said there was a significant change in overall demand for lumber and/or EWP that could have an impact on pricing, but right now we anticipate prices will be steady for the balance of this year and into next year for EWP.
Doyle Simons: Collin as mentioned, we did repurchase $290 million in the third quarter. As we always do, we will report the amount that we repurchased in the fourth quarter and when we do the fourth quarter earnings call. So we still had $210 million under the current authorization and we of course will be working with our Board as we always do own capital allocation as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Yeah so what I would say is that we still have reasonably high levels of inventory across the mill set in the West and so we're really just at the point now where we're starting to move into the rainy season here in the West and so that's going to take a little time for that to work its way through. I would expect you're going to continue to see the inventories at high level for the next several weeks and then as we get into the back half of Q4, I think you'll start to see that normalize and so I think we're still at a point where that's working its way through the supply demand dynamic getting back into balance, that will improve I think over the back half of the quarter. And that domestic pricing that certainly is correlated to the export pricing as well. So those things typically move more or less in tandem.
Doyle Simons: Mark, first I would say I am not sure we agree with the premise and then I'll answer your question, go ahead.
Doyle Simons: Sure, so let's assume for a minute that we top out the housing currently where we are, I think clearly that's a sensitivity we ran when we were coming over the dividend, we make dividend decisions for the long-term. We all have to remember that just last quarter we had record EBITDA and our wood products operation and in very high levels of EBITDA across the company, and housing starts at one point to something. So clearly, wood product prices have fallen. Again I think that's a confluence of events that just happen to fall in the same part and push prices down in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, but under your assumption of 1.3 million housing starts, I think this company in the way we're positioned and are focused on cost can generate a significant amount of cash flow and would be very comfortable with the dividend level on a go-forward basis.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Chip and I've enjoyed working with you and many others on this call as well. It's hard to believe it's been a number of years it has been. So thank you.
Doyle Simons: I think the year-over-year story is primarily around volume. If you think from a pricing perspective, it's not going to be all that much different year-over-year for the quarter, but it's primarily around volume and there's also certainly some cost inflation, which I mentioned earlier a little more on the transportation side, but a little bit on the logging side as well.
Doyle Simons: Yeah, so let me share with you kind of our view on housing and given it's a lot of thought and start with the fact that there's just a lot of noise out there. There is weather events. There is increase in interest rate, the political situation, the volatility in the stock market, but if you step back, housing fundamentals are still compelling. Employment and wages continue to rise, consumer confidence is strong and while we've seen growth in housing starts for a number of years, we're still below the $1.3 million, which was -- we're still below $1.3 million which is not enough to replace the housing stock and meet the ongoing household formation and while interest rates are up they're still at relatively low levels. Maybe more important Chip to your question when we talk to our customers, the big homebuilders out there, they're still optimistic about how -- they do have lot constraint, they do have labor constraints and I think that's the big thing holding them back. So what we believe we're seeing right now is kind of a short-term slowdown in the growth rate on housing rather than something structural. Again, when we look at it, when we talk to folks about it, we see continued strength in growth in demand in housing on a go-forward basis. The other thing I would mention is we're also encouraged by what we're seeing in the repair and remodeling market, which as you know is a key driver of lumber demand and that's up 7.5% or so this year and we anticipate that kind of growth in 2019 as well in that market. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Doyle Simons: The decline in distribution was driven by a couple of things. Number one, as we mentioned, we did have the fire at our Reading facility that was $4 million as result of some damage to inventory and equipment there. So that was $4 million of the impact. Secondly, our Southeast distribution centers were down for a period of time because of the hurricane and then third is just when you have falling commodity prices throughout a quarter, that's going to have an impact on distribution. So those would be the three key drivers for the delta quarter over quarter.
Doyle Simons: Engineered Wood Product pricing is going to be based on what happens on the demand side of the equation. Again we think housing is going to continue to improve, which will drive demand. We did see a falloff in demand in the third quarter. As we mentioned that was driven by weather. There was extremely wet weather and what are historically very strong markets for EWP especially in Texas, which had and continues to have a lot of rain. So the key driver for EWP is going to be what happens on the housing front and as demand continues to grow in housing, we think that demand will be in place, which will support current prices and could even potentially projecting it could potentially lead to further price increases as we move into 2019.
Doyle Simons: Well as we've seen historically there has been a direct tie between lumber and log prices, but as we've seen in the South, that's no longer necessarily the case. So we'll see how it plays out, but I guess most importantly we're pretty optimistic about lumber pricing headed back in the right direction, because if you really step back from a lumber perspective, is we think as you move forward assuming housing continues to improve, you're going to be in a mode where you're going to have growth and demand of somewhere in the 2 billion board feet range a year and you're going have growth in supply, net growth in supply. So there is some coming out of Canada increases in the South of 1 billion board feet and that's going to be a pretty good dynamic on a go-forward basis.
Doyle Simons: So in terms of the size of the TRS, we really don't have any significant constraints on the ability to growth at this point. As always n valuation is what will matter in terms of -- in terms of any potential acquisitions. We've said, we think our biggest opportunities would be on the Timberland side, but we would look for bolt-on acquisitions in wood products especially if they tied into our timber base. So that has not changed, but we will be very disciplined on acquisitions as we move forward. In terms of timberlands, valuations are still at pretty high levels, but we will continue to look for opportunities to grow our timberland where we think we can create value for shareholders.
Doyle Simons: So as I understand, that was our final question. As I mentioned earlier, as we close the call this morning, we want to make a few comments on succession and I wanted to personally thank all of you for your support over the last five years and as we mentioned, for many of you it's been 20 or 25 years. I will say, it's been an absolute honor to lead Weyerhaeuser for the past five years. When I accepted the job, I told our Board that I would stay for five years and every day I would be relentlessly focused on five things; portfolio, performance, capital allocation, culture and people development. I'm very proud of the progress we've made to position Weyerhaeuser to drive value for shareholders and I couldn't be any more excited about the energy and vision Devon, Adrian and Keith will bring to their new roles as they continue to drive improved operational and financial performance. Those of you who know Devin, he is extremely smart, driven and dedicated. He shares my passion for developing people and getting results and he is also an outstanding role model for our core values. And with that, I'd like to turn it over the floor to Devin for a few closing remarks.
Devin Stockfish: Yes sure and so I guess just at a high level, certainly we are seeing some inflationary headwinds in the Western business. I would say on a year-over-year basis, if you think about the logging side as probably around 3%ish cost inflation year-over-year. On the trucking side and this is more across the business as a whole, it's closer to 7% or 8% and that's largely driven just by contractor and trucking availability and some fuel price inflation as well and I would say, we're doing everything we can to do battle that inflationary headwind with our OpEx and certainly that's a big part of how we are operating really business wide, not just in the West.
Devin Stockfish: So if you think about passing those through really it ties back to what we're seeing on log prices and generally it's less specific to cost inflation and really just market dynamics with log prices and certainly as Doyle and Russell mentioned, I do think some of the supply-demand dynamics that we've seen in the Western market is going to be coming back into balance as we get into Q4 and I would expect to get back up to more normalized pricing in the West as we get into the back half of Q4 and into 2019.
Devin Stockfish: Yes sure Mark, this is Devin. Really that was getting to the Conservation Reserve Program that's in place -- been in place for a number of years and so really that's nothing new. We've all been aware of that program for long time and really it's just one factor that plays into the overall supply-demand dynamic going on in the south. It has certainly added some additional acreage over the years, but once again I think our optimism over the long-term is really about just the continued capacity coming online, the export opportunities over time, the diminishing supply from the Canadian lumber and the underlying continued improvement in housing. And so it's a piece of the puzzle, certainly not anything that everybody wasn't I think aware of already in terms of how they think about inventory levels across the South. So I guess that's how we would speak to that.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thanks Doyle. Well, first I want to take a moment just to thank Doyle for his tremendous leadership and contributions to Weyerhaeuser. During his time leading this company, we focused and enhanced our portfolio of assets, improved our operating performance and delivered on a commitment to disciplined capital allocation. It's been a real privilege to work with Doyle over the last five years and I certainly wish him all the best in his retirement. I am personally truly honored to be assuming the leadership of this great company. Our assets are world-class. Our employees are incredibly talented. Our strategy is sound and I'm privileged to be working with a terrific senior leadership team. In the coming months and years, we're going to build on this strong foundation to make Weyerhaeuser the world's premier timberland and forest products company. I am very excited about the opportunities in front of us as we continue working together to drive value for shareholders through a relentless focus on industry-leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. I've had the chance to meet many of you in person already and it certainly look forward to getting to know the rest of you better as I assume the role. So for now, thanks everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. And with that, I think we'll close the call.
Russell Hagen: Collin I think as you look, clearly the pricing is pretty dynamic right now. As Doyle indicated, we would expect pricing to start improving coming into the latter part of the quarter, but as we stated in the prepared remarks, will be significantly down quarter-over-quarter.
Russell Hagen: Yeah so obviously there's a difference between 5% tariff that we're seeing in the West and a 25% tariff on the South. The 25% tariff is certainly more meaningful to that business. Now as you said just for context, it is a relatively small part of our overall business, both in the South and then certainly Timberlands wide. We're continuing to ship out of the US South to China and India, that has gone down somewhat and certainly we're not ramping that up at the same pace that we had anticipated pre-trade dispute, but if you kind of step back and look at the opportunity over the long term, we're still very optimistic that that's going to be a good business for us. We've been on the ground talking to customers in China. I think Southern Yellow Pine is a market that will ultimately be developed in a much more meaningful way in China. I think the demand is there. Really I think in the short term we're going to have to just work our way through until this trade dispute gets resolved, but I would expect that it will get resolved as they always do and then there will be a very I think a bigger opportunity for us exporting out of the South.
Russell Hagen: So Mark, this is Russell, as we stated when we first completed the merger with Plum Creek that we are going to look at all of the components of the portfolio and that's the Uruguay operations kind of as part of that review and then we continue to look at the portfolio really in all regions and determine, which timberlands makes sense on a long-term basis, which are strategic and where we want to grow and where we might want to divest. Again that's an ongoing process. The one thing I will say about the North is there are very low input costs. So it's very low-cost type operations, but again we'll continue to review the portfolio and if makes economic sense, we'll act on them.
Russell Hagen: Paul, this is Russell. We really haven't seen a change in the overall market dynamics. It's actually been pretty busy second half of the year. As far as valuations, we're still seeing as Doyle mentioned strong valuations and high-quality timberlands are in demand and we're seeing those trade at good prices. So the short-term dynamic that we're experiencing in the second half of the year, we haven't seen it impact Timberland values.
