Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged. Although we have seen some recent headwinds in the multifamily segment in response to increasing interest rates. Importantly, however, the single-family segment has remained resilient year-to-date. In fact, despite the elevated mortgage rate environment, single-family starts increased 3% quarter-over-quarter, and new home sales were up in September. As a reminder, single-family construction is a much more important demand driver for our business relative to multifamily. In the near-term, we continue to believe that the underlying housing demand is solid. Even at higher interest rates, we expect single-family demand to hold up reasonably well given the limited inventory of existing homes on the market, combined with the home builders ability to offer mortgage rate buy downs and other incentives. That said, buyer sentiment will continue to be influenced by affordability challenges brought about by increased mortgage rates and elevated home prices, as well as the state of the overall economy. As a result, we continue to anticipate a choppier housing market in the near-term relative to the last couple of years. I will note, however, our long-term view on housing fundamentals continues to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly under built housing stock. Turning to the repair and remodel, market activity remained steady in the third quarter and has held up well year-to-date. Although we're likely to see a seasonal reduction in repair and remodel activity over the winter months, we believe underlying demand fundamentals are solid, supported by prospective homebuyers choosing to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home and a higher mortgage rate environment. And looking beyond 2023, most of the key drivers supporting healthy repair and remodel demand remain intact, including favorable home equity levels and an ageing housing stock. In closing, we delivered solid results across our businesses in the third quarter. We also achieved an important milestone in our natural climate solutions growth program with the approval of our first forest carbon credits and looking ahead, although near-term market conditions have moderated, we remain constructive on the longer term demand fundamentals that support our businesses. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong and we remain focused on maintaining our industry leading operating performance, serving our customers and delivering superior long-term value and returns for our shareholders. With that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I'll take EWP first, George. Really, it's a combination of two things, and I'm speaking primarily with respect to Weyerhaeuser and not necessarily other participants in the market. For us, we candidly got a little behind the curve earlier in the year. Remember, back to the beginning of 2023, our view was that single-family housing was going to struggle a little bit in a higher mortgage rate environment. And so we did adjust our operating posture somewhat to reflect what we thought was going to be a softer housing environment. Well, what turned out to be the case was single-family held up remarkably well. And so we have ramped up our production to try to get back on track. But to some extent, that higher level of single-family construction activity combined with us dialing it back a little bit at the first of the year, put us behind a little bit. And so we've been managing through it. I think we're catching up. I will say, even though at this point, we do still have fairly extended lead times, but I think we're making good progress against that. In terms of the question around black at the bottom, there's no question that over the last several years in the inflationary environment that we've seen the underlying cost structure has gone up, not just for us, but I would assume for the entire industry. And what I would say, though, is I still have a high degree of confidence in our black at the bottom approach. We continue to be, in my view, the low-cost producer across all of our business lines. And so even if we do see a more material downturn, I do think we will weather that much better than the rest of the industry, and I would expect us to stay black at the bottom across each of our businesses. Now that being said, there are going to be presumably if we see a material downturn, there will be a few mills that will struggle to stay cash flow positive across the entirety of the year. I'll just highlight the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia, our two markets where it can be challenging. Just primarily because the dynamic in how log costs come down is oftentimes slower than how quickly lumber prices can move. And so we've seen that a few times when you've seen lumber prices move down quickly, typically -- particularly in those markets, the log prices come down a little bit more slowly, which can make the economics challenged for a brief moment in time. But we do still feel confident in black at the bottom. Our organization is focused every day on keeping costs out of the business, improving efficiency and overall driving down our cost structure. And I think that will serve us well across all points in the market, whether times are good or times are a little more challenged.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Great question. I mean it really comes down to lumber prices. In the Pacific Northwest, the market is very tensioned, and frankly, there are just not enough logs to cover all the demand. So the pricing for logs in the Pacific Northwest is really going to be governed by what happens with lumber prices. And so the mills they will pay up to the point where they can still drive some margin across the mill set, and that's largely going to really support what log costs do. Now the one nuance there is we obviously have an export program to Asia, and that can supplement our realizations. They're tied. There is a correlation between what happens in the domestic log market in Japan and China. And so to the extent that we can get the Japanese market back up, which I think we're trending in that direction just because you've started to see a lot of that European lumber that had built up in Japan work its way through the system. But it ultimately comes back to what's going on with lumber prices in the Northwest.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes, we are thinking it's probably going to be in the neighborhood of 15% to 20% over the next couple of quarters. And then as 2024 moves through the -- moves on, we'll see that shrink down to probably around 10% impact as they move production to other facilities. But I would just note, we do have other Japanese customers, so we are working to reallocate some of that volume and then you can typically get a nice premium in the domestic market for those high-quality Japanese logs. And so we've obviously got plenty of domestic customers that we can move that volume to. So net-net, we wouldn't anticipate a material impact to our margins from this.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. In the South, it's typically a little bit easier to predict what's going to happen on realizations than it is in some other markets. The comparable really, the mix doesn't change dramatically quarter-over-quarter. I think our delivered model and the customer mix that we’ve, the demand has stayed pretty stable for us. There's still margin to be made on the lumber side. So the demand for sawlogs has remained pretty strong. And even on the fiber side, which certainly has drifted down over the course of the year as we've seen some softness in the pulp and paper markets. I don't know that we are necessarily anticipating a strong upturn here in the near term, but I will know we are starting for the first time in quite some time to hear a little bit of optimism for many of our pulp and paper customers that a lot of the destocking in their end markets has run its course and they're going to start rebuilding some inventory as we get deeper into the winter. So we may have bottomed in terms of some demand there. Now there are some regional differences. I think there are portions of the Southeast coastal markets just because of some mills that have closed down, that may take a little longer to recover. But on balance, I think, all things considered comfortable that we're going to see comparable realizations in Q4.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Obviously, any time you see a customer go out of business or take a mill down, that's not great for the market. That does ultimately have some impact on the overall demand level. But we generally try to work pretty proactively to have long-term agreements, both for residuals on the wood products side, the pull logs on the Timberland side. So nothing that's happened to date would cause me a whole lot of concern that it's going to have a material impact to us specifically. But nevertheless, we do still need to find homes for those residuals and pulp logs. And so it's in everybody's interest to make sure that these customers are healthy long-term.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. I mean it's always hard to say what others are going to do, so I can't necessarily speak to that other than to just point out that historically, when we've seen lumber prices go below cash costs for any period of time, there ordinarily is some sort of supply response. And our estimation is that in certain regions, a decent amount of the ongoing supply is probably underwater from a cash standpoint. The issue with labor, I think that certainly has been a concern and that's probably something that's going to give producers a little bit of pause before taking material downtime. But that being said, ordinarily, you're only going to run so long, losing money before you ultimately make those decisions. And I would say, although certainly not great, we have seen the labor market improve somewhat versus earlier this year. I think if we were having that same discussion in Q1 or Q2 of this year, I think you probably would have been even more reluctant because the market was so tight. But hopefully, that will continue to get better as we move forward.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean our view on what's going to happen with housing and I'll just caveat that, that there's obviously a lot of variables at play, but when we talk to the homebuilders, and I'll start particularly here with the larger national builders, my view is they're going to continue to build. It's going to require ongoing rate buy downs and other incentives to continue to get people into that market. But with such little existing inventory on the market, it is a demand driver that's helping weather what ordinarily would be a very difficult period at these kinds of mortgage rates. But when we talk to the big builders, I think they're going to continue to build. I suspect they're going to build slightly up relative to 2023. I think the more challenged into that market is the medium and particularly the smaller builders with these higher interest rates, I think that puts some pressure on them in terms of financing land and some of their other expenses, they don't necessarily have all of the same tools available to help getting some of those new homebuyers into a home. So net-net, I think single-family next year might be up slightly, but I think the market share for the big national builders will continue to grow. And for us, we have a diverse customer base. Obviously, we do business with all the big builders. We have good relationships with them. I would continue to -- I would expect us to continue to grow our business with them as they grow. We also do business with the medium and small builders as well. And so we'll just have to be nimble and to allocate our product to whichever builders are growing their market share. But notwithstanding all the doom and gloom that you hear about housing, I do think people want homes were massively under built. There are not a lot of them available. A lot of the people that are in their early 30s that want a home are ready to go out and be home buyers and homeowners. And so somebody is going to have to meet that demand. And I give a lot of credit to the builders to navigate this environment. They've done a remarkable job. And all things being equal, we would expect that to continue next year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On lumber, it's still pretty lean. I think what we've seen is just nobody really has a good beat on the direction of building as we get into these winter months, and there's just a lot of negative commentary in the press. So I think people are fairly reluctant to build inventory. So people are keeping their inventories pretty light on the lumber side. I'd say on OSB relative to this time of year, it's probably at or maybe slightly below normal. So maybe not as lean as lumber, but certainly not big inventories either. And then AWP, like I said, at least from our vantage point, we're on pretty extended order files right now. And so not a whole lot of extra EWP in the system from our standpoint.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. I mean we are really pleased with this first carbon credit project. It's not a big number in and of itself, but we learned a lot and I think we are building the foundation to scale this. And so we've got two more in the south slated for approval in the first half of next year. We got three more in the pipeline behind that. And remember, these just continue to build. So each of these projects will have annual credit releases. So part of how we are going to get to the $100 million is we've got a lot of different levers and that's mitigation banking, conservation, renewables, carbon capture and storage and then the forest carbon. So I think it will probably be a little bit more heavily weighted to the existing businesses at the outset, but over time, we certainly think for us carbon, carbon capture and storage and renewables will make up a growing percentage of that. And as I said in our opening remarks, the more we learn about this market, the more people we talk to, the trajectory of the opportunity set, I think we have a lot of optimism that the size of this business is ultimately going to scale up into something more meaningful than $100 million.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's right. And so remember, when we talk about EWP, I mean there are a number of products that go in there. So you've got solid section, Trust Choice. We got plywood and MDF all flow through EWP. So when we talk about solid, what we are primarily talking about is Trust Choice and Solid Selection [ph], which were the majority products. We are going to see a little bit of the last couple of quarters, we've had to make some targeted price adjustments. Those usually have a little bit of a time lag, which are kind of flowing into Q4. So that's really what drives that slight down quarter-over-quarter. But on balance, we are seeing pretty stable demand and pricing across our Engineered Wood Products business.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So in Q3, it was kind of in the high 70s range for an operating rate across EWP, and we are thinking that to be more or less comparable for Q4. There are some puts and takes. We are adding presses to kind of keep up with the demand. But on the same token, we have a number of scheduled annual maintenance downtime. So net-net, it will be more or less comparable from an operating rate standpoint.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things. From a maintenance schedule standpoint, we try to schedule them out over the year. To some extent, we may make minor adjustments depending on what's going on end markets. But as a general matter, it's very hard to predict what's going to happen with OSB prices quarter-to-quarter. And so largely, you kind of have to schedule them to get them done each year and you sequence the mills out across the year. So the maintenance schedule, more or less we set in advance and absent some material change, we try to stick to that. In terms of the sales volumes, the big driver there, the production was pretty comparable quarter-over-quarter. The sales volume was down a little bit, and that's really just a reflection of one of our mills where we had the annual maintenance downtime. We have contracted volume really at most of our facilities. And so we had to build up a little bit of extra inventory in Q3 to sell-through during that maintenance downtime in October. And so that was really the difference between production and sales volumes. We've already moved most of that volume now through the system as we've come out of the downtime.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. In terms of monetizing, we are out in the market right now, marketing that. We are having, I think, some very productive discussions I would expect us to be selling through those initial credits in relatively short order. And as we said, I think during the last call, we are anticipating that's going to be priced somewhere in the mid- to high 20s range on a pricing standpoint. The annual carbon credits is really just tied to the growth trajectory and the carbon sequestration trajectory over that 20 years. So it can be a little lumpy. It's not necessarily a straight line in either direction. It will just depend on the growth profile across that particular forest.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. I think it's -- there are kind of puts and takes there, Mark. On the one hand, a lot of the drivers that have been around for a number of years that have been spurring repair and remodel are still there. We still have an aging housing stock. People have equity in their homes. I do think this lock-in effect that we are seeing with everyone having refinanced at low rates, and it's going to keep a lot more people in their homes that otherwise would have moved. And so that's probably going to spur some level of repair and remodel demand. On the flip side of that coin, obviously, when people move, that's a catalyst for repair and remodel. And if fewer people are selling their house and buying into new houses, that's going to be a headwind. And to some extent, higher interest rates can also be a little bit of a headwind there. So some puts and takes. Our view is, overall, we are expecting that market to remain solid. And I think you've kind of seen few different views on this, whether it's up slightly or down slightly, our view is it's probably going to be flat to up slightly next year, all things being equal. We'll certainly see a little bit of a slowdown here in the winter months as we always do. There's always some seasonality to that. But as we look out into 2024, I don't think we're going to see the growth rates that we saw during the heat of the pandemic by any means. I think we've kind of returned to pre-pandemic levels of growth, and I expect that's probably going to be the case next year absent material recession or some other event that adds an additional headwind there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. At a high-level, not really, Mark. Obviously, the margin threshold that you have to overcome in the North is a little different than the South. But we think where we are getting ready to sell these initial main credits at a mid- to high 20s range. I think that would be sufficient for the projects we are thinking about in the South as well. There are different dynamics in terms of the growth rate of trees, et cetera. And so the biometrician work is a little different. But really from a high-level, there's not a material difference in the way we are thinking about those projects versus the ones up in the Northeast.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, as you say, we certainly saw a pretty significant spike earlier in the year coming in from Europe, that's undoubtedly been coming down. One of the challenges in answering that question with specificity is real-time data on those European imports is tough to get at. There's usually a lag. So it's largely based on anecdotal statements from our sales team. I do think it's continuing to come down. I think it's probably pretty challenging to make the economics work coming in from Europe right now, and you have to cover all of the transportation costs given where lumber prices are. That being said, I do anticipate the European producers are going to continue to keep some level of supply coming in, even at these lower lumber prices because it's an important supply chain for them and an end market that they hope to grow over time. Now I will say, at some point, when the European economy improves, they still have, I think, a deficit in Europe when you take into consideration the lumber that is not coming in from Russia and Ukraine. I think we probably would have seen a little less European supply coming in if their domestic markets were in better shape. Currently, that's not the case, obviously. But over time, I would expect the European economy to improve and more of that lumber produced in Europe to stay domestic. But in direct answer to your question, we have seen it come down. I do expect it to come down a little bit more, but not go away completely.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, thanks everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
David Wold: Yes. You bet, Kurt. This is Davie. I'd just start out by saying, look, we are in a very fortunate position as you referenced. We have a lot of levers. So that includes M&A, investing in the business, paying down debt, dividend payments, among others, and we're constantly evaluating our views on capital allocation. But all the factors that go into that are dynamic. So it's something we always need to be watching. But as we've said, our capital allocation framework starts with that commitment to return 75% to 80% of our adjusted FAD back to shareholders via the base supplemental and share repurchase. So that portion is really earmarked for returning cash to shareholders. And with the remaining piece above and beyond that, i.e., the 20% to 25%, we can allocate that between acquisitions, share repurchase reducing our debt. So we do have our target to do $1 billion of timberland acquisitions here over the next few years. So that's something we're certainly intending to allocate a certain amount of our capital towards we're being disciplined as we navigate that market that you referenced. But look, yes, as we look at share repurchase, certainly, that's something that we've said. It's a useful tool to return cash to shareholders in the right circumstances. And specifically, when our shares are trading at a meaningful discount. We've been quite active in that space. We've done $733 million against our $1 billion authorization that we announced a little over 2 years ago. So we'll continue to be opportunistic there. But in summary, while that's really an attractive lever right now, we are going to continue to weigh all those options and ultimately allocate our cash in the way that creates the most long-term value for shareholders.
David Wold: Yes. So we do have the flexibility within our capital allocation framework for that. So any cash above and beyond the 75% to 80% that's committed to be returned to shareholders, that's available for growth, debt pay down or incremental share repurchase. So as always, we are going to evaluate all those options and ultimately allocate our cash in a way that creates the most long-term value, but I'll also add that we're mindful in some periods of choppiness. Those might provide significant value creation opportunities. So we will be thoughtful and disciplined as we evaluate all those avenues moving forward.
David Wold: Sure, Mark. Yes, this is Davie. We are always looking at ways to ensure we are maximizing shareholder value and how we generate cash and allocate that capital and like I said earlier, we are fortunate to have a number of levers there. But really, if I take each of those components separately, we've been very active in the market repurchasing shares, having done $733 million over the last couple of years. So we certainly view that as an attractive opportunity for us to deploy capital. And then on the selling of timberlands, our view is that the value of timberland is only going up over time and recent transactions certainly demonstrate we are not the only one with that viewpoint. And so that's why we've got that target to acquire $1 billion of timberlands over the next several years and ultimately why we expect to be a net buyer of timberlands over time. But of course, we haven't been afraid to make adjustments to our portfolio in the past. The real estate program is a great example on how we monetize properties with a better use to generate capital that we can deploy for other purposes. So as of now, given our strong balance sheet position and the views that we have about the value of timberlands over time, I'm not sure that we're looking to divest significant amounts of timberland.
David Wold: Yes. I mean we are always looking at all the levers available to us, but I don't know that I see us divesting a significant amount of timberlands in the near future.
David Wold: Yes, Mark. So the way we do those internal transfers is we have a 13-week rolling average on that pricing. And so based on the trajectory of where OSB prices went over the quarter, we do expect that to be up a little bit quarter-over-quarter.
David Wold: Sure. Yes, Ketan. So at this point, we haven't given our 2024 guidance. We typically do that at the beginning of the year. So look forward to that next quarter. But I can just say our multiyear guidance that we've given of $420 million to $440 million. At this point, I don't see our 2024 guidance changing substantially from that.
