Larry Burrows: Thank you, Tom, good morning. Housing market conditions improved across several RICO geographies during the first quarter. Record affordability, historically low interest rates, and federal tax credit availability generated demand from qualified buyers. However, our markets are still experiencing high unemployment and low levels of consumer confidence, which tempered demand. Though inventories have stabilized in many markets, shadow inventories from foreclosures and vacant units continued to create downward pressure on home sale prices.  With respect to specific retail markets, Washington D.C. and Houston improved throughout the first quarter, as pricing remained stable. San Diego has also performed well, as our local value proposition has held up despite concerns about the regional economy. The Inland Empire in Las Vegas have improved modestly during the quarter, despite sustained pressure from foreclosures and delinquencies. In both markets, we are seeing traffic from qualified customers excited to take advantage of record affordability. Los Angeles and Puget Sound have softened since the fourth quarter, affected by unemployment and price erosion. Phoenix remains challenged due to increasing foreclosures and short sales. These trends are reflected in the Key Indicators table on Chart 9.  Comparing the first quarter of 2010 to 2009, the average price of homes closed declined 3% on 8% fewer closings. However, our cancellation rate improved by nine percentage points to 19% and sales increased substantially. Single-family home sales improved by 36%, compared to the first quarter of 2009, helped by a 21% increase in traffic. Our backlog of homes sold but not closed increased to 877 units or nearly 300 more than one year ago. Turning to our financial results, RICO posted a $31 million contribution to pretax earnings in the first quarter of 2010. Our results are comprised of gains of $33 million on the sale of two commercial partnership interests. Gains of $3 million on the sale of land and lots and a loss of $5 million on single-family home building operations. This compares to a loss of $30 million on single-family home building in the first quarter of 2009. While no one at RICO is celebrating a loss in single-family operations, the $25 million year-over-year improvement is encouraging, given the lower volumes. I'm proud of our employees efforts that led to this improved operating performance. Though our work is not complete, our results reflect progress we continue to make in reducing SG&A, cost of goods sold, standing inventory and substituting smaller, less expensive products. Though RICO's first quarter sales were encouraging, we remain cautious about the housing market's overall direction. Demand remains fragile. Acceleration of foreclosure rates, changes in the availability of credit or adverse impacts from the conclusion of the federal government's tax credit, as well as the Federal Reserve's program to purchase mortgage-backed securities quickly disrupt this recovery.  While the housing market remains uncertain, I am confident that RICO's focus on cost discipline, combined with our deep local market expertise will enable us to successfully adjust to changing market conditions.  I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the second quarter.
Larry Burrows: Mike, this is Larry. I think what we're saying is, is that it's more close to -- we said we had about a $5 billion loss in single-family home building and so we're talking about being comparable to that. And excluding any of the commercial sales.
Larry Burrows: Yes, I think you're reading that incorrectly. I think it's to be in terms of the single-family, home building operations to be in line with 1Q. We don't anticipate any large commercial partnership interest sales in the second quarter. And we may or may not have any land and lot sales in the second quarter.
Larry Burrows: Sure, Gail. We have benefited from the tax credit. It has been differential by market. I think it was when the President extended it toward the end of last year, we didn't really see a whole lot of impact at the end of last year and on the early part of this year. It's kind of picked up in February and March, but as I said, it's differential by market. In D.C., in San Diego, in Houston and probably L.A., it's had lower kind of impact, it's helped in the Puget Sound, Phoenix and Inland Empire and Las Vegas. And so I think that, that's, we're waiting to see what's going to happen as, kind of, the training wheels come off. Also, the State of California has just instituted tax credits similar to what they had last year, and that goes into effect next week in May 1. And so hopefully, that will give California some lags.
Larry Burrows: We have been pleased with the results that we've had from the redesign and the repositioning of our product in our communities. It is, obviously, as we have different value propositions, it's differential by market, but generally what I would say is the homes are smaller. They're kind of less jazzy. There's kind of less ego-intensive, if you will, elements in it. And I think that although we are continuing to learn, adjust and refine, we're pleased with how our product, the new product has advanced.
Larry Burrows: I think it will be differential by market, as I've mentioned, earlier, Richard, I think some of our markets had less impact from the tax credit. We hope to see some renewed interest in California, given the California credit that starts on May 1. But I think, generally, and this is the question, I think, generally, customers realize this is a good time to buy a home. We have good affordability. You have low interest rates. And so, really it gets back to a question about their kind of confidence. Do I have a job? Do I feel good about that? And so we're hopeful that this will have some legs to it.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Now we are ready to address your questions and your comments. Tom and Larry are prepared to answer your business-specific questions on Timberlands, Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers and RICO and you can feel free to address them directly. Patty and I will handle your general, corporate and financial questions.  And now I'll ask Kathy to open up the call.
Daniel Fulton: What we've seen and what we've heard in talking with our customers over the last quarter or so is that they have seen this recent rallies being primarily driven by a limited supply as well as restocking of their severely depleted inventories. Now we've also seen some underlying demand improvement and so that's really the genesis and the basis for what we've seen so far. In terms of the repair and remodel, they have seen relatively good business over the quarter. We've seen a slight uptick in our participation in the home-improvement markets. And I think everyone has seen the results of the recovering economy, at least as it's evolved to this date.
Daniel Fulton: Well as we look at that, we have and continue to look at our operations. We've added capacity in terms of hours and shifts, based on what we're getting in terms of our customer demand and we brought that supplier over the quarter as we thought was appropriate to meet our customer demand. And we're going to continue to assess our demand forecast and we'll make any or future additions to our supply of brokers either market conditions warrant or economics dictate.
Daniel Fulton: As we reported, we had about $31 million of earnings from a non-strategic sales of land. That was roughly about 15,000 acres. It was spread a little bit more heavily to the West, as it was to the South. It was a combination of more heavily weighted to kind of like Timberland to traditional Timberland tracks, from some HBU and some recreational sales. And we also had some level of condemnations that were basically for minerals right away, down in the South. We saw a good level of interest in what we had available and we continue to make sure that we get best value for what we have to offer.
Daniel Fulton: No, none of that was any of the 88,000 that we had talked about earlier in 2009. As you'll recall, there was a significant amount of acres of non-strategic land with Timberland sales that we had held for sale. And we still have that available. We have good interests by a full range of potential bidders. We have institutional investors. We have high net worth individuals, timber companies and conservation organizations that we're working with as we talked. And we'll be viewing a variety of options. Again, the key thing is, is that we're going to move at a very deliberate pace. We're heading in to a recovery period, and we're going to sell only if we get values that we feel are appropriate. And so we'll continue to work that. And we'll let you know when it happens.
Daniel Fulton: Sure, as we looked at that, we operated across our system at a roughly about 62% of our lumber capacity. And roughly about 43%, 44% of our OSB capacity as we move forward. I would say though, that as we look at that, that we have severe weather constraints in January and February that held down our lumber production particularly in the South where we have our largest footprint. And on OSB, we had significant outages at our South and West Virginia OSB facility as they had historical snow levels that took them down for an equivalent of two weeks. And we also had some issues with a strander at our Oakland facility, which impacted our production during the quarter as well.
Daniel Fulton: I'll start with your second question. We are evaluating capital structure, as Patty mentioned, and that will be part of the calculus as we look forward, as we review our cash balances and also as we review the decision regarding future dividend policy. With respect to the portfolio of businesses that we own, we continue to believe that they are complementary. And as we've talked before, as we convert to a REIT, they all fit. And we're looking forward to the earnings and the cash flow that will come from the housing recovery, as it will be reflected in our Wood Products business and in our Homebuilding business.
Daniel Fulton: It should be improving. As you observed, rates are coming back up. We've identified those assets as noncore. And as we evaluate the improvement in market, we should have some greater opportunity to make some decisions.
Daniel Fulton: No, we don't. We believe that the portfolio of our core businesses, Timberlands, Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers and Homebuilding, make sense. And we believe that the assets that will be held in the taxable REIT subsidiary will give us the potential, as I mentioned, in responding to Gail, to generate earnings and cash that will support the overall portfolio. The conversion to timber REIT supports the core strategy of our Timberlands ownership in order to get it into a tax-efficient ownership position. We believe that basic portfolio is complementary and will give us significant earnings and cash flow power as we move forward.
Daniel Fulton: Mark, this is Dan. Let me just add one comment. As you introduced your question, you said if we convert to a REIT, and then we get into timing questions, and I just want to clarify for everybody on the phone that we have made the decision that we are converting to a REIT. And really the decision at this point is timing. It's not, if it's when.
Daniel Fulton: Well, Chip, our Wood Products business, as you know, includes significant lumber operation, as well as engineered products and panels, as well as distribution. We look at that business, we look at each component of that business on an ongoing basis. And we think that those businesses operate well together. They're certainly more tied back to the Timberlands in the Lumber business. But they're all products in which we can be an effective competitor. And our focus is on improving the performance, not just in our Wood Products business, but all of our businesses to achieve top quartile cost of capital performance. The issue as to whether or not they directly tie back to Timberland ownership is really secondary, if you think about the fact that we've got these businesses in the taxable subsidiary. And they each need to operate and perform.
Daniel Fulton: Steve, we have just some very minor repayments based on what we have submitted prior to the suspension of the program on February 3. Other than that, as you know, the program is being under review by the USDA and we'll await the final resolution of that along with the rest of the industry, which will probably, at best, be later some time this fall.
Daniel Fulton: At this point in time, we're still under active negotiations at Miramichi, and it really doesn't change on how we think about that particular operation.
Daniel Fulton: We stated in the past, Pete, that our core business is Timberlands. And as such, we need to position our Timberlands in a tax-efficient structure. And the ownership of Timberland to C corp. has constrained our ability to grow by moving to a REIT structure. It opens up opportunities for us to be, not only a more tax-efficient owner, but also positions us to be able to grow the asset. As Patty said in her remarks, we look at the cash generation from the business on an overall basis. And so we will focus on opportunities as they emerge or we can be an effective operator earning, as I mentioned before, cost of capital returns. And we believe that we have the potential to grow the timber asset and that's one of the key reasons that we're making the conversion.
Daniel Fulton: Thank you. As we close out the call, let me summarize for everyone on the phone our key themes for the quarter.  First, though single-family starts are up significantly from one year ago, the pace of continued recovery remains uncertain. And it continues to cause us to be cautious. Our word for this morning was wobbly. Larry described the expiration of the federal tax credit as taking the training wheels off. And if you can create a picture in your mind of training wheels coming off a small bike and a young child on a two wheeler, that's the theme. It's a little bit wobbly coming through this period. Fundamentally, we need job growth to drive a sustained recovery.  Second theme is that even if current low levels of operating results for the quarter were greatly improved from the prior quarter due to improved market conditions, but importantly, due to the changes that we've made in the way we operate our businesses. And we'll continue to focus on improving all of our businesses in order to achieve top quartile cost of capital performance.  Third, Patty summarized our second quarter outlook for each business segment, including improvement in Wood Products and Cellulose Fibers, comparable performance in RICO and somewhat lower results in Timberlands. And then finally, we continue to move down the path of REIT conversion to support our core Timberland strategy.  So I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. As usual, Kathy will be available later today to follow up with any of you that have questions or comments. And we look forward to seeing see many of you next month in New York. Thanks very much.
Patrica Bedient: This is Patty, I'll take your first couple and then I'll let Tom speak to the maintenance. As it relates to the tax rate, the tax rate had about a little over 40% was high for the first quarter, for a couple of reasons. One, first of all, with not a lot of income or loss, it swings pretty much just even on small items. So some of those small items would be -- there is no benefit from the loss of our international operations. So even though they weren't huge, they do make the big change to the rate. The other thing is as we look forward, there are a number of tax credits that are going to the tax extenders process, which well, on one hand, we certainly anticipate that they will be extended. Until they are extended we can't put them in the rate. So it makes it a little higher as well. And then the other piece is state taxes. So as you look forward toward the end of the year, I would expect that our tax rate, eventually, will be below the 40%, probably something closer to 38%. Although as I've said, from a GAAP perspective, we can't include the impact of those credits at this point. As it relates to corporate expense, the Corporate segment is the catch-all segment for a number of things. So you do see it move around quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter. But I think as we look forward, a good number for just guidance purposes would be somewhere around $10 million to $15 million of expense for the quarter.
Patrica Bedient: Yes, George. This is Patty. Good morning. I think the way that you should think about it is the REIT is a structure to support the strategy of the total portfolio. So as we look at how we operate the company and maximize those cash flows, we look at the total portfolio, not just individual businesses or individually, the Timberlands. Now, we'll do that cash flow to make it the most tax efficient for our shareholders. But the whole portfolio is there to support the cash flow of the company.
Patrica Bedient: That's right, Mark. When we actually make the final decision of the conversion in the Europe conversion, while we've said that 2010 is the likely timing, there hasn't been a final decision. So until that happens, we can't reflect it in our financial statements. But if we were to convert in 2010, we would redo the tax rate and it would be lower than the 42 that we had in the first quarter. So all the financials and the tax rate that I spoke of are consistent with our historical C corp. status.
Patrica Bedient: We are structured such that we can convert to REIT in 2010. But we have not made the conversion. So as we sit here today, we are for purposes of our financial reporting, of C corp. If, as we have said, we do look at 2010 as the most likely, but when we actually make that final decision, we will then get the favorable tax treatment for the full year of 2010. We've not paid out our earnings and profits in 2010 yet. So that is one step that we finally would need to take to actually do the 2010 conversion. So the board would have to declare that dividend because that's what it is. And then we would go through the mechanics of completing that conversion in order to complete the process for 2010.
Thomas Gideon: Yes, related to that, we do have some other just scheduled in the second quarter. Those are mandated by both regulatory, as well as insurance requirements. And we do that, not only to allow us to operate safely, but to ensure we maintain the process for liability that we need to supply the contracted volume. We're possible we have looked at deferring, and we were able to defer one of these outages until later in the year.
Thomas Gideon: Well, Mark, you're correct. What we have fundamentally done in OSB and inside of Lumber is look at additional hours where appropriate to meet demand as well as some shift configurations as we've gone forward. We are able to work within those kind of constraints. The issue that we'll have, and I think the entire supply chain will have, will be on the availability of raw materials to a degree that underlying demand was to spike in a sudden way. So that will be the biggest limiting factor as we look forward in Q2.
Thomas Gideon: Well I would say George, we're just not waiting for the rally, but we continue to do everything we can to improve our operating margins and take cost out where -- then and improve our operations. During the quarter, all of our product lines saw improvement compared to the fourth quarter. We not only improved our total operating results by $60 million, but we reduced our manufacturing costs by $43 million. Now when somebody else do the price selling [ph] that's due to higher operating rates, a lot of it's also due to how well we operated. And I would just say for example, in lumber, for the hours that we ran, we had a record amount of output for hour operation in our facilities. And so that's an example of what we're doing in terms of maximizing our efficiencies. In both the OSBs, we have very high process reliability and uptime rates. So we're doing things that will maximize our ability to produce more with the assets that we have.
Thomas Gideon: Absolutely. Again, it's getting more out of the assets that we have and as we've talked about in previous calls, George, we've had an extensive process of applying lean concepts. For example, during the first quarter, we had 1,500 of our associates or nearly 28% that were involved in some kind of Kaizen event, which was designed either take out costs, reduce waste, reduce downtime, change overs, anything that we can do to maximize the return that we're getting. And so we're going to continue to do all of those things as well as well as focus on maximizing margins and operate on our highest efficiencies. I need to have our focus on reducing costs whenever we can as well.
Thomas Gideon: It's the latter part of your question first, Mark. Our overall realizations, as a general rule, will generally lag the market in a rapid price increase, and they'll be slowly coming down as prices fall as well. And that lag, whether it's in lumber or whether it's in OSB, depending on the length of our order file, which is generally the price time of order versus price time of shipment. And then for our contract getting committed volume, we generally index that perhaps to a random length of the price time of shipment. And so our contracted volume, we have a significant portion of our Lumber, as well as our OSB volume that's under contract. So you will typically see some level of lag as well. And similar on the pulp side as well, is depending on where the product is going. In some cases, the time of shipment in terms of lag, has arrived at the port versus when it's recognized. So it's going to be different, but we generally see some type of lags, but I don't know how to characterize it in terms of exact precise number of days that, that would be.
Thomas Gideon: And I might just add to that from a market point of view. Many of our customers buy multiple product lines from us, a few or single items only [ph]. Many of them have five, two, three, four different product lines. And so it's important to trend [ph] of our total offerings to the marketplace, Chip.
Thomas Gideon: We still have a very good export market. I'll take on the log side first. We see a growing movement of what had been traditionally from Douglas fir domestic wood that's going into China, as that market continues to absorb more production. As we look at that, we do see that they're casting the net somewhat wider. We expect that they'll actually look beyond just the West and actually look into Russia for additional wood supplies, log supplies as the year continues. On lumber, our primary flow for us is going into Japan with some limited amount going into China and Korea and then Japan still remains a very strong market for us.
Thomas Gideon: No, but as we look at that as you're aware, with the recent movement in pricing, there will be a reduction in FLA tax that will attributed to wood coming out from Canada. And that obviously had some impact on market flows going forward.
