Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. I am pleased with our first quarter results as we delivered strong operating performance despite unusually severe winter weather, significantly increased EBITDA from our Longview Timber acquisition and took actions against our commitment to reduce SG&A cost. We are beginning to realize the initial benefits of our operations excellence efforts and I look forward to sharing additional progress with you as the year progresses. We are relentlessly focused everyday on growing a truly company by driving superior operational and financial performance to increase cash flow, grow our dividend, and generate additional shareholder value. With that comment, I think, we will open it for questions.
Doyle Simons: George, I agree with you. I think that is what's been missing and for this housing to get back to the 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 level that we've seen historically, we're going to need to see the first time home buyer start to gain some traction. I think we're starting to see a little bit of that, but there's still some challenges in the mortgage market regarding loan availability and the amount that's required to be put down and just the credit scores that are currently required.  Encouragingly I think we're starting to see a little bit of loosening of some of those standards which I think is healthy and that will prompt more first time home buyers into the marketplace. So we are cautiously optimistic that we're going to start to see more and more first time home buyers stepping into the market and we think that's what's going to take this housing starts to the next level.
Doyle Simons: Well, I think it's yet to be seen and I think it's one factor in the first time home buyer. I think the other pieces of the overall mortgage availability, as well as just what's happening with consumer confidence and economic activity overall. So, I think if that continues to improve even slowly, but subtly that will overcome some of that pressure that comes from the FHA limits.
Doyle Simons: Good question, George. And on ELP specifically, what we saw in the quarter was we had some start-up costs as we mentioned associated with our evergreen, Alabama mill. We also had some weather impacts in the quarter. We, like I said, remain confident that we're going to increase the earnings in that business by $30 to $40 million EBITDA in 2014 compared with 2013. We also to your point are encouraged and confident, we're going to see some price increases and are already starting to see those in the second quarter versus the first quarter, some of that due to mix, but some of that due to just overall improvement in prices as we move into the stronger spring seasonal period.
Doyle Simons: Gail, we were encouraged by our results in our timberlands business in the first quarter and I would basically point to three things. One thing was we clearly had higher prices as prices strengthened in the quarter versus the fourth quarter that resulted -- as a result we had a little bit higher volumes to capitalize on those higher prices in the quarter.  The second thing is as I mentioned earlier, we had some benefit from our operational excellence initiatives, specifically in some cost improvement on logging and trucking, and also did a good job of merchandising and what I mean by that as I mentioned earlier is getting the right log to the right customer at the right time to fully maximize the value.  And then third and importantly, we saw a really nice improvement from our Longview acquisition in the quarter. As I mentioned or as we mentioned, that was up approximately $18 million from the prior quarter. We saw about 6 million of synergy benefit or let me put it this way, in terms of the synergies from Columbia, we are at a run rate as of the first quarter about 6 million a quarter, which would translate into about $24 million of synergy benefits on an annual basis. And as you know that’s well ahead of our original target of 20 million in synergy. So those are the three buckets that contributed to the Timberlands improvement in the quarter versus the prior quarter and maybe versus some expectations.
Doyle Simons: As we’ve said before, Gail, we will quantify that on an annual basis because it will be lumpy. But, I will tell you, it did have an impact in -- a significant impact, I guess, it depends on how you define significant, but it did have an impact on the bottom line in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Doyle Simons: Sure, so let me start off by saying I was proud, we were proud the way our people managed through the tough weather conditions in the quarter. As you know, there was a lot going on. In terms of quantifying the impact, its differential by business as you would expect, but I would say in Timberlands, it was minimal. In our Wood Products business if you look across our Wood Products businesses, the impact by business was somewhere in the $2 to $5 million range per business.  This had to do with things like closures, and lumber for example, we lost 27 days due to closures and distribution. We lost over 50 days due to weather closures. In addition, we had slow backs, as you know when you have frozen logs in a saw mill you can’t run as fast, so that was part of the issue. We had transportation issues in Canada and in the US. And we even had a couple of mills for a short period of time specifically in one of our OSB Mills we're able to get logs to the mill to run. So those were some of the challenges that we had. Again, I thought our people did a really nice job of managing through that in our Wood Products business. And then in our Cellulose Fibers business, Gail, the impact there from weather was approximately $4 million, and that was primarily due to higher energy cost and some railcar availability specifically regarding our Grand Prairie Mill.  In terms of going forward, most of these issues we think are behind us. There we still have transportation challenges that we'll work through specifically in Canada as you talked about, but all-in all we think most of it's behind us and we’ll be able to work through it as we move through the second quarter.
Doyle Simons: Yes, Alex if you look at the -- as we mentioned first quarter and fourth quarter clearly fluff prices were up and we anticipate that trend will continue into the second quarter and part of that has been the disruption in the overall supply side of the equation due to the weather but we do think that's going to carryover clearly into the second quarter overall.  
Doyle Simons: From the Chinese perspective, I think inventories did build a little bit during the Lunar New Year period as I referenced in my comments. We anticipate as that gets behind us that demand will in fact continue to increase in China and that will be helpful in decreasing the overall log inventories in China.  In terms of Japan, if you look at it historically when there's been a change to the consumption tax, you normally see a little bit of pre-buying and then you see a little bit of weakness as it goes in and then stabilization. And it's hard to tell exactly how that's going to play out this time but our guess is it's going to be a similar type pattern. We probably did see a little bit of pre buying, now we're in the period where there may be a little bit of weakness due to the adjustment to the consumption tax, but long term, we continue to be very encouraged by the demand out of Japan.
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So let me talk generally about OpEx across all of our businesses and I would tell you we're encouraged by the progress that we've made against the targets that we laid out in December. As we previously said we will quantify the benefits on an annual basis but let me give just a little bit of color directionally on some of the benefits that we're starting to see. I already hit on Timberlands a little bit, but clearly part of our good quarter in Timberlands was a result of our operational excellence initiatives. And specifically, as I mentioned earlier regarding cost improvement on logging and trucking and also on merchandising, again making sure we get the right log to the right spot.  In terms of lumber, our manufacturing costs were lower than the prior quarter. That as you know is the key focus of our operational excellence efforts. I will tell you that was somewhat hampered in quarter by weather, but I can tell you plans are in place to start to really capture the benefits from our efforts there in the second quarter and we're confident we'll see the benefit of that in the second quarter and going forward. And our OSB business, the reliability, was a challenge our key focus areas, it’s improving our reliability again as we laid out on December 17th, that was challenged during the quarter, due to weather but we start to see an improvement late in the quarter and that improvements continued into the second quarter. And then the other initiative there is to improve our mix of high value products or enhanced products and just as an example there, we're starting to make our flooring product at our Hudson Bay mill.  In ELP, as I mentioned earlier, we had some weather impacts, but we are confident that we will see the improvements that we've laid out in ELP. And similarly in distribution, where we are there, as I mentioned had over 50 days of closure due to weather in the first quarter, but I can tell you, all of our sites has completed, an extensive analysis of the customers, the products lines, pricing, the warehouse cost and delivery cost and I can tell you one by one those sites are turning to profitability and we are encouraged by what we're seeing there. In sales Fibers -- we can give you a number of examples of operational excellence but I think the one that I would highlight for the first quarter is we had record production at a number of our mills, despite the very severe winter weather and that's not the case across the board, if you look at what happened in that business overall and when I say in that business, I mean in that industry overall in the quarter, so we did a good job of running those mills, despite the tough weather. And then we talked about SG&A and we're making great progress on our SG&A. I'm confident we're going to get where we need to be.  So I think the summary is we're on track. We're working hard on this operational excellence every day. We're starting to see some benefit and much more to come and we'll like I said we will update you on an annual basis on exactly where we are versus the targets that we laid out on December 17th.
Doyle Simons: Well, I would say it’s both of the above. We clearly are matching our supply with our demand but we’re also as we look forward, we continue to anticipate an improvement in housing as we said. So you factor in all of those equations as you look to the future for our wood products business, but I like the way we’re positioned in our Wood Products business. Our focus as mentioned earlier is just running the capacity that we have better. And we’re starting to make improvements in doing just that. And in terms of our overall, if you look at it, any of our mills that we closed have either been started up so which was evergreen or permanently closed. We do not have any mills sitting idle at this point. And like I said, I like where we’re positioned in Wood Products and think we’re very well positioned to fully capitalize on the continued improvement in housing going forward.
Doyle Simons: Chip, as we very specifically said on December 17, we anticipate and fully expect both of those businesses or each of those businesses, let me be very clear, each of those businesses to improve EBITDA about $30 million to $40 million in 2014 versus 2013. At this point, we remain confident that that’s in fact exactly what’s going to happen and we’re taking a lot of very proactive steps to make sure that is in fact the case. So that’s the timeline we’ve played out and that’s the timeline we’re committed to.
Doyle Simons: I would just say, we are constantly looking at opportunities to grow our Timberland base, now we will as we have historically we’ll be very disciplined in doing that and we’re not going to grow just for the sake of growing, if we can find acquisition opportunities like the Longview acquisition where we can drive value for shareholders that’s something we will pursue going forward, so, we’re, as we’ve have been historically and we continue to be, we look at lots of different acquisition opportunities but we will be continue to be very disciplined in the way we approach those going forward. 
Doyle Simons: You know, I would answer that by saying, if you look at 2013, prices in the log prices in the south were up roughly 4%. As we said in our comments and as shown on the slides, prices were up again modestly in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter and what we anticipate is a slow but certain increase in log prices in the south going forward, yes, by quarter by quarter it will vary by region and you’ll see one move up more than the other but overall we are encouraged by the trend that we see and are confident that over time prices will continue to improve in the south as we see housing continue to rebound. 
Patty Bedient: Good morning, Mark. It’s Patty and I’ll take that one. I think as we think about the cash balance, there are a number of considerations to think about. One of course is where we are in the cycle and we believe we are still in the early innings of the homebuilding recovery, but also what we need for our working capital to support the increased activity.  The other thing of course is what is the level of liquidity? And we have very good liquidity. One of the things I didn’t mention was that we have our line of credit for $1 billion that we have no borrowings outstanding. So as we look at cash going forward, we wouldn’t anticipate that we would need the level of cash that would be indicated by the $780 million that you’ve referenced at the end of the first quarter as well as additional receipts from the TRI Pointe acquisition. The other thing that we will not have going forward of course is the cash generated from income from WRECO, so that’s the other offset to that. So a lot of things that go into that number and so those are the things that we are looking at in terms of what is the best use of that cash going forward to build shareholder value.
Patty Bedient: So, Mark, this is Patty. As we think about China, the difference in margins I would say come from some softening in Japan, so as you know, a grade mix that goes to Japan is a little richer grade mix. That also in terms of their competition for that log goes into the overall volume that goes into Asia. So we expect the China margins will see some pressure in terms of just the overall amount and I think I referenced that in our outlook comments, but from a perspective of overall demand from China, we believe that will continue to stay strong. And then as we go forward and get more of the pickup in housing domestically, that domestic log, saw log competes with the China demand, so those two will put tension on each other in terms of the pricing. 
Patty Bedient: So, Gail, I think as we referenced, our realizations thus far in the quarter were softer. I think that likely part of that is due to that issue, but I think now we see them starting to stabilize and think they will move up from this point. So, I think we’ll work through that nicely. Again, it is dependent upon how housing activity comes back, but the underlying fundamentals for housing and now with the improved weather, things look good at this point.
Patty Bedient: Sure. I think there are a couple of things as we look at our own markets. If you think about our Winchester subsidiary, which is in the Washington D.C. area was really hammered by weather, even the first part of the second quarter hammered by weather, so it’s a little tough to see exactly the impact that weather had, how much of it, but it was significant and we’re starting to see that now come back around.  I think the other in the first quarter markets that were a little rougher were not surprisingly those that were potentially a little overheated in the prior year and I would reference Phoenix and Las Vegas there. Phoenix is now stabilizing as well so that’s a good thing, California, Los Angeles is doing well and here in the Puget Sound of course, the market did not go down as far as some of the other markets that we had.  Texas also continues to remain strong, so I think again as we look forward, a lot of that's behind us, I think the other thing that has put a little bit of a dampening effect on the marketplace is sort of a good news bad news, we had some pretty significant price increases over the course of last year and I think that has slowed that a little bit, so we don't have as many closings as we'd like but they're closing at higher prices, so one sort of helps to offset the other one, but as I said before, we are much more excited now about homebuilding as we look forward with this really harsh weather in so many geographies behind us. 
Patty Bedient: You know, in Evergreen, which is, it has started up now and it will be shipping product the first of May, it produces two products primarily, I-joist and microlam and we have about 61 million Lineal feet would be the capacity that we would note for I-joist and about 4 million cubic feet for microlam solid sections.  In terms of its moving into commercial production now, it won't be operating at full capacity to start with as we move that product into the marketplace. I think overall if we were to discount the Evergreen mill we're operating across that part of the business in engineered wood at around 70% but it's very differential by product line. For example, our microlam product is operating at very, very high operating rates. That's one of the reasons that we're excited about having the availability from Evergreen coming online. 
Patty Bedient: Well I think as we look at one of the things that puts pressure on paper grade softwood is of course the additional hardwood capacity that is coming online, but China does need softwood to go with the hardwood so I think even though prices may soften here later that we still are feeling good about pricing overall moving up in the second quarter and that would certainly include our fluff pulp price going up as well. 
Patty Bedient: Yes, I think that that should probably be a pretty good. That is net of capitalized interest. So a few million can change quarter-to-quarter depending upon what projects we’re doing, but there shouldn’t be anything particularly different in that number going forward. 
Patty Bedient: Yes, Colin as you think about that cash, it is unrestricted but as you referenced, it is coming into the TRS, so there are no additional restrictions as a result of it coming from the home building business other than the fact that would be the same as any other cash that is in the TRS in terms of moving at around between the REIT and the TRS but it is totally unrestricted other than that. 
Patty Bedient: Well one of the things that certainly you can do is dividend cash from the TRS to the REIT, there are limitations as to how much cash can be dividended in any particular year and that’s really a function of the earnings in Timberland business.  The other thing that you can do, there is no restriction in terms of borrowing cash from the TRS, although you do need to pay interest income on that borrowing from one to the other. Certainly if you want to move cash down you can make a capital contribution, but I think your question is more about moving cash from the TRS up to the REIT, so you can loan it up without restriction, you just have to pay interest income on that down to the TRS. 
