Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Russell. I will close my comments this morning with some brief comments on the merger integration process. Two-and-a-half months after day one, we have made solid progress on merger integration. Our merged corporate area team is operating together out of our building in Federal Way and we have begun the consolidation of regional offices. Each of our senior management team members has spent several weeks on the road meeting with employees and reinforcing our vision and the core values, relentless focus, and key behaviors that will define our success as a merged company. I look forward to building on that strong foundation as we work together to be the world's premier timber, land and forest products company. We are relentlessly focused on improving performance through operational excellence and capturing cost and operational synergies to leverage the full benefit of an improving U.S. housing market and drive long-term value to our shareholders. And now, we like to open up the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, Anthony, as we indicated, we are right in the middle of applying the AVO process across the entire legacy Weyerhaeuser Timberland base. And as Russell mentioned, we anticipate that activity will ramp-up in the second half of 2016 and into 2017 as you mentioned. As we get a better feel for what those numbers are going to look like, we will provide guidance as we have historically on a quarterly basis to let you know what we think those will look like going forward. But we're excited about the process. We think there's lots of opportunity, and that activity, as I said, will ramp-up in the second half of 2016 and into 2017.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in lumber and the price increases that have taken place to-date, Anthony. I think the key drivers are just improvement in demand, and as I highlighted, especially in single-family housing has been a big part of it. And then the other part, and Russell mentioned this, is just the low inventory levels across the system. So, what we've seen is average prices for April, $30 above first quarter average, and current prices are $10 above the April average, so it has continued to go up. And as we said based on the low inventories, the strong demand, we are very encouraged by what we've seen on the ground in terms of lumber demand and the opportunity for pricing going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Russell mentioned it, you can go back to second quarter of 2013 as kind of a comparable period. The reason – the other thing, Anthony, and the reason we laid out the price and the detail that we did, you, of course, know the leverage. But in terms of, on an annual basis, every $10 increase in lumber is $40 million on an annual basis. Every $10 increase in OSB is $30 million on an annual basis. I should mention that we talked about lumber, but OSB prices have continued to improve as well, and current prices are up another $7 versus the April average in OSB. So, we try to provide you the leverage that we have to pricing, and I'll tell you on top of that, as you saw in the first quarter results, our Wood Products business is running, operating really well. And we anticipate that's going to continue as we move through the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, let me comment on the current acquisition environment and then I'll ask Russell to comment on Twin Creeks. So, in terms of the current acquisition environment, there continues to be a lot of interest in this asset class and, frankly, a lot of money chasing deals. As we've seen announced recently, there have been some deals that are happening. I would highlight on the West some transaction announced at $4,300 an acre and then in the South, of course, our Twin Creeks transaction at $2,150 an acre, and then I think I saw just last night CatchMark announced something at $2,000 an acre. So, I would tell you, as I've said, a lot of increased activity, a lot of interest in the asset class. And I would say, good values being paid for high-quality property. And, now, let me turn it over to Russell to comment on Twin Creeks.
Doyle R. Simons: That's exactly right, Collin. We are still comfortable with that guidance of 15% to 20%. And as I mentioned, we anticipate real estate activity will ramp-up second half of 2016 and into 2017 to get us to that range. Every year won't be exactly that, but that's kind of a guideline as to what we anticipate the contribution from Real Estate will be on a go-forward basis after we complete the AVO process.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, so we were encouraged by the demand in EWP in the quarter. I think that's primarily driven by the increase in single-family starts. As you very well know, that is by far the biggest driver of demand for EWP and with single-family starts being up 23% in the first quarter, that flowed through to our EWP business. And again, optimistic that housing is going to continue to improve, including an improvement in single-family starts, so that should bode well for EWP for the balance of the year.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, the key there, of course, is the OpEx targets for Timberland. And as we mentioned, we have raised those targets significantly. In 2016, the original target pre-merger was $20 million to $30 million for Timberlands. We have now raised that to $30 million to $50 million for 2016 to identify the early opportunities to deliver operational synergies, which are, of course, above the cost synergies. More importantly than that, though, we raised the multi-year target to $200 million. So that's an incremental $130 million above what we received – what we accomplished in 2014 and 2015. So, an additional $130 million that we think we will be able to accomplish over the next two to three years, as we put these two companies together and deliver bottom-line operational synergies. So, really excited about that opportunity. A lot of work going on currently to do benchmarking of the best of each company and start to identify opportunities to drive those operational synergies to the bottom line. So, excited about that as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: So, let's talk about the two components just to be clear. So, there's cost synergies and then there's operational synergies. In terms of the cost synergies, as I've said, these are hard dollar cost synergies, as I've said in my remarks, we are highly confident that we'll meet or exceed the $100 million run rate that we laid out as a target. I'll tell you that will be somewhat lumpy, but it's not going to be all backend loaded, and we will report out on our progress on that on a quarterly basis as we move forward. As with – in terms of operational synergies, again, $10 million to $20 million additional on top of what we had already identified for Timberlands in 2016. And then I would say kind of as you've seen distributed kind of evenly over the next two or three years to get the balance of the operational synergies that we've identified as part of the merger.
Doyle R. Simons: I would think the whole year, Mark, will be in line with kind of what we've seen historically. But let me give you just a little bit of color on what we're seeing in each of those markets currently. And then if that doesn't answer your question, we'll come back to it. But in terms of Japan, as we talked about, volume and pricing were both up in the first quarter. We think – and a little bit of that was pull forward for people being ready for an anticipated run up before the consumption tax increase. In the second quarter we think demand, because it was elevated in the first quarter, will be down a little bit in the second quarter and price will be down, flat to down slightly. China, encouraged about what's happening there. As you know, the inventories didn't build like they have over the last couple of years in the first quarter, so we anticipate both demand and pricing will be up in the second quarter. And then domestic, as we said, good demand, probably a little bit slightly lower prices in the second quarter. So, as you know in the slides, we break out the percentage of Japan versus China and Korea, and we wouldn't see any significant changes there as we move forward, although in the second quarter, we will anticipate as I just highlighted, China being a larger component. And maybe that continues for the balance of the year if China continues to accelerate in terms of demand like we've seen in the first and going into the second quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, we're going to get back with you with that exact number. It's a small part of it, but I just don't know that number exactly off the top of my head, but we'll get back with you.
Doyle R. Simons: No. It was an EBITDA reference. And again, once this – we ramp-up, just general guidelines, 15% to 20% of overall EBITDA for the company would come – we would anticipate would come from the real estate business. Now, like I said, a lot of work to do and identify all of those opportunities, but just to give – we wanted to give some guidance of what we thought that number could be on a go-forward basis.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, Mark, you're exactly right. What we said is $2 billion of the $2.5 billion we would do on an accelerated basis. And I think we've shown that that's exactly what we're doing. Once that's completed, we'll kind of pause and reevaluate the timing on the additional $500 million. You're right, we'll draw down on the term loan and we will use the asset sales and whatever else; but asset sales in Twin Creeks, whatever, to pay down that debt – that short-term debt.
Doyle R. Simons: No, there's nothing that would keep cash in any given place, Steve. So, as we've said, as part of this, we're going to be evaluating our 13.2 million acres of Timberland and making decisions as to what we want the long-term portfolio to look like; with 13.2 million acres and no big tax in place, we have lots of flexibility.
Doyle R. Simons: I think that's pushing it to too fine a point, Chip. Again, we're right in the middle of the AVO process. Again, what we wanted to do is just give some guidance as to the potential magnitude of the real estate business at 15% to 20% of the overall EBITDA for the company. We're going to learn a lot more as we go through this process. So, we'll be further refining that in terms of the timing as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. As I mentioned, Mark, as part of the integration process we're going to – it's going to involve a review of the overall Timberlands portfolio. And again, as I mentioned with 13-plus million acres and no built-in gains tax we've got lots of flexibility as to how we create the most value for our shareholders going forward. So, that work is ongoing.
Doyle R. Simons: I don't want to exclude anything at this point, Mark. Let us do the work and figure out exactly what we want the portfolio to look like as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Well, Mark, as you know, we've done a lot of work here at Weyerhaeuser over the past few years to really focus our company. And as we say in where we're headed, we're going to the premier timberland and forest products company going forward. So, I wouldn't – I think, as you see us, first and foremost, we're going to focus on delivering the value from the Plum Creek merger. As we look to invest going forward, Mark, I would tell you, it's going to be focused on those areas. We do not anticipate moving into other areas – or non-forest-related areas in any significant way.
Doyle R. Simons: I was just going to say, as I understand it, that was our final question. I want to thank everyone for joining this morning. Thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser and we look forward to continuing to report out our progress as we move forward. Everybody, have a good day.
Russell S. Hagen: So, Collin, as we announced, we closed the Twin Creeks transaction on April 1. And that was a deal that was put together prior to the merger, obviously. And we delayed the close so that we could sit down with the investors and make sure that we'd structured it appropriately, given Weyerhaeuser's differences to Plum Creek. So, the real key items are, the property management agreement under the Plum Creek structure was 15 years. We've shortened that to three years under the Weyerhaeuser, as amended. And then the equity ownership dropped from 25% to 21%. Those are probably the two biggest items that changed in the transaction.
Russell S. Hagen: Right. So, the acquisition right of first refusal is anything under $10 million, Weyerhaeuser can buy on its account. And that's primarily because those would probably be properties that are more adjacent to operations. Anything in between $10 million and $200 million first goes to the joint venture for a period of three years. And so, the remaining $400 million of cash available for acquisitions is completed.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah, I would say that right now we're targeting to 3.5 times, we'll continue to move towards that over time. As we've mentioned, we issued short-term debt. We'll use sale of assets to reduce bad debt over time.
Russell S. Hagen: That is correct, Mark. It will show up in various places, but it'll show up in the segment and then we'll lay out a way for you to track it exactly. But more importantly than that, to your second point, yes, the additional OpEx amount that we've identified for Timberland is above and beyond the hard dollar cost synergies.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah. So the depletion and amortization for the second quarter will be $90 million and that's a fair number to use through third and fourth quarter also.
Russell S. Hagen: Second quarter they will probably be similar to first quarter, and then pick up in the second half of the year.
Russell S. Hagen: The pulp business will be asset held for sale, so it would be a discontinued operation starting in second quarter.
