Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty. As I said earlier, 2013 was a very good year for Weyerhaeuser as we doubled our earnings before special items, significantly increased our dividend and positioned ourselves for the future through significant transactions. But we still have a lot of work runway in front of us. As we look ahead, we are excited about 2014 and are relentlessly focused on growing shareholder value by driving our performance through operational excellence and capitalizing on improving markets to increase our cash flow and grow our dividend. So with that, operator we will open it up for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: We'll start to see some improvement in the first quarter, Alex, but it's not going to -- and it will be all throughout the year. So you can't take the $30 million and $40 million, divide it by 4 and it's going to be even. It actually will build throughout the year as we gain traction on the initiatives that we outlined in our December 17 presentation.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. And in terms of -- we'll start with lumber. In terms of lumber, supply and demand dynamics are favorable. What we've seen, of course, is improvement in demand as housing starts have continued to grow. And on the supply side of the equation, Alex, while there have been some restarts and everybody's ramping up production, supply and demand are in pretty good balance. On the other hand, in OSB, as you're very well aware, while we have seen improvement on the demand side, there have been some significant restarts and new facilities that have come online, and that's what's led in our opinion to the volatility in OSB pricing over the past few quarters. And I think that will continue until we see supply and demand getting more in balance.
Doyle R. Simons: I don't know that exact figure off the top of my head. We'll tell you, Alex, if that is and we'll get back to you with that. That is the last facility that we had that had been curtailed. And now -- and so all of our facilities are now either running or have been permanently closed at this point.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, you thought you might ask this question so here's what's going on. Very little blocking in prices. Actually what happened as we dug into this is, as you know, random leaks takes into account a variety of grades and widths. But it's mostly 2x4s and 2x10s, and that's normally pretty reflective of what's happening in the overall market. This quarter, mid-widths, which is 2x6, 2x8s, which are not included -- or not generally included in Random Lengths but are 40% of our volume at Southern Yellow Pine, were down 9%. So this is a quarter where random lengths, because of the mix and everything, went -- was significantly different than what our actual experience was. Now if you look at it overall, and we went back to compare it year-over-year, we're right on top of Random Lengths. Just this happens to be one quarter where the 2 are out of sync.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as you know, and as we shared with the group in December, as we think about our financial priorities going forward, including the $700 million, first and foremost, we were focused on returning cash to shareholders. That will be primarily through a growing dividend going forward, but also through share repurchase where appropriate. Second is going to be investing on our business, again, through higher return projects to improve our cost structure and our margin. And we'll also look for opportunities to grow our business, but we'll be very disciplined in doing that through acquisitions that create value. And then finally, maintaining the appropriate capital structure to support a growing dividend, and we shared some of those metrics with you in December. So I give you that background just to say we are -- look, we understand the amount of cash we're getting. We understand the cash on the balance sheet. And we will, as we move forward through the TRI Pointe transaction, we'll be making decisions with what to do with that -- with the proceeds from that and exactly whether we're going to do a spin or split in all that. So what you could anticipate is we won't make a decision on -- we probably won't make a decision on the dividend until we have completed the TRI Pointe transaction, and then we'll be back to you at that point in time.
Doyle R. Simons: Thanks for the question, George. And I'll tell you, at Weyerhaeuser, to your point, innovation has been a core value and will continue to be a core value going forward. With that said, what we -- as we go through the process we're going through on operational excellence, George, we're become -- going to go become very focused to where we're innovating where it adds value to the bottom line. So we want to make sure that the monies that we spend, the effort that we spend on R&D and innovation ultimately results in a benefit to our bottom line. So as we move forward, that's part of the process we're in, is making sure we have direct alignment, again, between the funds that are being spent, the effort that's being spent on innovation and how we ultimately drive value for our customers and for our shareholders.
Doyle R. Simons: I'll take your first question on that, Patty, to address the Canadian currency situation, but you cut out or maybe we cut out a little bit when you said comparing it to last year where we saw something, and I didn't hear [indiscernible].
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So let me talk specifics, and then I'll step back. If you look in terms of specifics, Gail, currently versus kind of the fourth quarter, lumber prices have continued to improve and are up probably $25 versus the fourth quarter average. OSB, as I mentioned, a little bit earlier, in response to a question, we've seen continued pressure there, and those prices are down somewhere probably in the $10 range. Specifically, regarding customers, I would tell you to your exact point, I think inventories are very lean. Customers are cautiously optimistic. They do remember kind of what happened last year. But I would tell you, as we talked to our customers, they are confident that we're going to continue to see growth in housing starts. And in fact, some of our customers' biggest concern at this point is will we have the supply to provide them with what they're going to need to service their customers going forward. So that's kind of how we characterize where we are versus where we were a year ago.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. Let me just start with the operating rates, and then we'll go back to the -- what we saw in pricing. But in terms of operating rates in lumber in the fourth quarter, operating rates were roughly 85%. A portion of that fall from the third quarter had to do with weather-related items. In OSB, the operating rates were approximately 89%. And in ELP, we've ramped up production there. If you factor out all the closed facilities and started-up facilities, we're nearing -- we're at much higher rates than we've been over the past few quarters in EWP. In terms of pricing, we've been encouraged by what we've seen in EWP from the standpoint that EWP normally does lag. Lumber and OSB as housing has continued to improve. Over the past year or so, we've started to see gained traction in EWP pricing. And while that will be lumpy going forward, we would expect that trend to continue going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: No. It's difficult to do for Q1 because we're right in the middle of it. As you know, I'm kind of just giving you a sense as every leader of every business that we have came to me yesterday and gave me an update on exactly the impact from weather. So whether it be in our Timberland, whether it be in our Wood Products operations or Cellulose Fiber, all of those are experiencing some impact from weather. Just for lumber, for example, we've already lost 20 days in our lumber operation due to either the impact from frozen logs or impact from roads being closed or whatever that -- or something freezing in one of our sawmills, so difficult to give any impact this point. We did do that exercise for fourth quarter. And I can tell you, in our Wood Products operation, which is where the impact was in the fourth quarter, that number was probably somewhere between $3 million to $5 million in the fourth quarter, and we'll be continuing to monitor the weather impact in the first quarter, as Patty said. As Patty said, we are hopeful that as we move forward through the quarter that the weather improves, and we can make up some of the impact that we've experienced over the last couple of weeks.
Doyle R. Simons: In -- as I mentioned in December, we have set those targets. We will be working forward on those. You'll start to see those -- some of those bottom line improvements as early as the first quarter of this year, and then we will give you updates on a periodic basis or probably on an annual basis as to exactly where we are. So again, we don't know. Some of it's capital intensive, some of it's not. We don't know the exact timing. But I could tell you, we are focused everyday on executing against those specific initiatives and those operational excellence targets that we set forth. The other part of it that is near term just like EWP and distribution is the SG&A cost savings, which we indicated we would be at a run rate of $75 million lower by the end of this year, and we are confident that we will, in fact, achieve that.
Doyle R. Simons: Well, I mean, I think the range would be the things that you've outlined, the specific numbers on EWP, the specific numbers on distribution, the specific numbers on SG&A. And then again, you can -- it's not going to all be back-end loaded in the numbers. As we said, it's going to be a 2-, 3-, 4-year process. There will be some lumpiness, but there will be benefits that show up as early as the first quarter. And as early as the first quarter and clearly in by the end of 2014, we'll see some benefits. And again, the ultimate measure, as we said in December 17, is going to be our relative performance versus the competition, and I'm confident you're going to see that improved going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: So I'll try to answer your -- the second part of your question and then, as Patty did, to deal with the first. So Uruguay, as you indicated, is a primary component of our international operation. We are focused on continuing to grow trees there. As you may recall, Josh, we just planted those trees not that many years ago, so we're not in the full harvest mode at this point in time. So as time passes, we'll be able to generate additional revenue and earnings off of those -- off of that 300,000 -- approximate 300,000 acres of land in Uruguay going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Okay. If I understand it, that was our last call. Let me just conclude by thanking everybody for your interest in our company and, as I mentioned earlier, goes to you all.
Patricia M. Bedient: Alex, the facility was in Colbert, Georgia. As Doyle said, it was closed for some number of years, but it was about 3 million cubic feet, and it was a Parallam facility.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, as you add all of our plans together, so that's a combination of our pension plans, as well as our post-employment benefit plan, they'll total about just under $500 million underfunded. If you look at just the pension plans themselves, it's really the Canadian plans that are underfunded. So you're about right on that number. But the total underfunded as we think about all of those. And as I mentioned, we don't fund the supplemental plan or the post-employment plan. So just pension alone, you're pretty much right, but altogether will be just under $500 million.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. Yes, George, you guys have had a busy week. So let me -- in terms of answering the pension and postretirement expense, maybe the way to think about that would be to look at Chart 18 that's in the material. I did not give you the expense number in my prepared remarks. But as you look at that chart, if you looked at what we had for expense in 2013, in total, it's about $100 million. In 2014, the total expense will be just about flat. So we really won't have any expense to speak of. Now as you think about the business segments though, we do charge the segments their normal service cost. So overall service cost in the business segment was, I think, around $60 million in 2013. That will come down to around $40 million because the service cost comes down as the discount rate increases, and the discount rate did increase year-over-year. That $40 million offset then will be in the allocated segment as income in the unallocated segment because we want to make sure from a business perspective that we are charging the normal service cost into the business segment, so hopefully that's helpful there. On the tax, yes, I did speak to that. We had a number of years under examination, both in the U.S. and Canada, that we completed in the fourth quarter. You might recall, in the third quarter filing, in the 10-Q, we said that it was reasonably possible that we would be releasing up to $160 million of FIN 48 or unrecognized tax benefits as a result of those examinations, and that, that would be primarily related to the alternative fuel mixture credit. Remember, those go back to 2009. We had included the credit in income, and we had provided a FIN 48 reserve for those that now has been resolved. And so that's the reason, primarily the biggest part of the tax reserves that we released in the quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: And Gail, to your question about the Canadian currency, as you noted, the Canadian dollar has depreciated here of late. And typically, the effect of that is that it makes it easier for Canadian lumber to come into the United States. We really haven't seen a lot of impact as a result of that. That would be primarily the FPS that comes across, both from interior BC, as well as Eastern Canada. And as we've talked about in the past, from a supply perspective, the interior British Columbia is dealing with the Canadian pine beetle, and Eastern Canada is dealing with reductions in the allowable cut. The other piece that is a positive dynamic at that is that today, the export markets for lumber are much more robust than they were a few years ago when we saw a much weaker Canadian dollar. So it is something that we do track very closely. But so far, we haven't seen a big impact from that. And we also do have some Canadian production as well, so we are benefited to the extent that it will come to support.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Gail, good question. We really haven't seen anything that we would say would be a trend. It did move up in the fourth quarter, but we haven't seen anything that we would say is really a trend year-over-year. The cancellation rate is in line. I think as we look forward to the first quarter, it's really difficult to tell based on what's going on in the markets because of weather, really severe weather, which you know well better than we do here in the West. Because sitting here in Seattle, which we often complain about the rain, well, there are no complaints about our weather this year compared to what the rest of the country is experiencing. And that does hit for us in our Winchester subsidiary in the Washington, D.C., Virginia, Maryland area, as well as even in Houston, which we wouldn't think would be suffering cold weather, but even the South is being hit. But in talking with our Real Estate folks, there isn't anything that we see that we would say is a trend. Mortgage interest rates are going up a little bit, but it's not a huge significant thing at this point, but we'll stay tuned to that.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. The average price will increase relative to the fourth quarter. As you look at our backlog, the average price in the backlog is higher than what it has been in -- at the end of other quarters, so we'll enjoy that going into the first quarter. Margins will come down a little bit compared to the fourth quarter, really based on mix. To your question about maintenance spending, we'll have a little bit more maintenance spending, really more in the major maintenance area. The actual downtime won't be real significant. I would expect that overall, the increase in maintenance spending would be maybe $4 million to $5 million additional than from what we had in the fourth quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, we said that it would be weaker relative to the fourth quarter realizations. So it is one of those things that sitting here in January, it has weakened. We would hope that, that would not be the case as we -- weakening further as we go through the rest of the quarter and start to see the spring building season. But that's something that we'll have to track. I think January is a difficult month usually to forecast for the quarter because it's a weaker quarter -- or weaker month for the quarter. And as you know, again, we are being challenged more this quarter because of the weather impacts, so we'll just have to see what happens as we go forward.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, in terms of Longview, I'll take that one first. They do have a high percentage of premium logs as compared to our Western market, so a good percentage of that will go to the Japan market, as well as they also have, though, on a specie mix, a little more whitewood, and that's what you saw in the fourth quarter pricing to China. The mix was more heavily than our typical mix to whitewood versus Douglas fir. As I mentioned in my remarks, we will be changing that mix, so that mix will change a little bit in the fourth quarter to send more Doug fir to China. Now Japan will always compete for the highest-value Doug fir log because of the fact that they do build housing in the traditional post-and-beam construction, for example. They build housing out of wood as opposed to China being more of a construction activity use of the wood. But those -- that historical gap between China and Japan has closed a little bit based upon the strength of the construction activity taking place in China.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, it's always difficult to tell because you've got the activity taking place, and it is the additional supply dynamics as well. But we -- as we sit here today for the first quarter, certainly continue to see very robust demand coming out of China. So I don't see anything that will change it in the near term and, I think, just both of those economies in the longer term. But our demand from Japan has been very stable as well. So we like the fact that we've got 2 very robust markets now that we are -- have the ability to ship wood into.
Patricia M. Bedient: We do have some cellulosic biofuel products that we have to apply against our cash taxes. In terms of cash taxes, for example, in 2014, we don't expect to pay any additional cash taxes. I don't have the actual amount of the cellulosic biofuel credit, but you'll get a more detailed review of what we have in taxes, obviously when we file the 10-K, which will be here in the next couple of weeks.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. And EWP pricing in terms of how we price the product, we aren't seeing a significant change in the first quarter. It really is a function -- the lower price realizations is really a function of mix in terms of the actual sale of the products that are going in. That business does have a very wide product mix ranging from TJIs to solid section to Timberstrand and Parallam, so it's really a mix that's moving that. Demand continues to be very good.
Patricia M. Bedient: So we'll be running some additional days in lumber, for example, to make up the additional volume that was lost in the additional days that Doyle was talking about, and that's primarily days in the South.
Patricia M. Bedient: I think the way to think about it, Chip, is we had $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, and we really wouldn't see much at all in the first quarter of 2014, so that -- about a $20 million swing quarter-to-quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Chip, remember that in the fourth quarter, we had a loss on the early extinguishment of debt, that was the Longview Timber debt, and we put that loss in interest expense. So be sure that as you look at the fourth quarter interest expense, you back out the $25 million early extinguishment that we called out for you as a special item. Past that, I think you've got the debt. The interest rates, I think, are all -- I mean, there's no change really there as well. So I think that, that will give you a pretty good guidance in terms of what to put in for the full year of 2014, and we don't have any maturities now coming due in 2014.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. We do have, in terms of some refunds coming back in 2014. So it wasn't cash in 2013. But in 2014, as a result of closing out some of those examinations, we do expect to get some refunds back. That's one of the reasons why we have no cash taxes due in 2014 on a net basis.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, yes, there will -- it will be lumpy because it will depend on what we do in terms of the mills, probably the biggest lumpiness will occur in our liquid packaging operation because we do have some capital projects to tie in later this year. I don't recall whether that's third quarter, but I think it is. So you will see some lumpiness through the year. On a year-over-year basis, other than that extended outage at Longview for that capital, it'll be pretty steady. It'll be different in terms of the mills, so where we take the maintenance. But the total amount will be up a little bit because of the liquid packaging extended maintenance outage. Other than that, not much difference. So in 2013, we had 1 mill that didn't have an outage. So our New Bern mills didn't have an outage in 2014. We've got 2 mills that won't take an outage, and then that will continue as we go through a full cycle of implementation.
Patricia M. Bedient: Paul, the other thing that I would just caution a little bit on modeling is remembering that the cost target that we've given you, for example, in lumber, our cost targets of lowering our cost net of logs. As you know very well, the biggest percentage of cost in lumber is the log cost. So log cost is continuing to escalate, which is a good thing for us in terms of our Timberland business. But net-net to the lumber cost, if you were just looking at the P&L, the cost net of logs on a per 1000-board-feet number should be lowered, but the absolute number of cost will fluctuate based upon log cost.
Patricia M. Bedient: And sure, Josh, the revenue in the international segment has fluctuated. It is only Uruguay as we sit here today. It has included some China. It has included some other smaller pieces. So -- and the other thing is that from time to time, it has included some land sales in Uruguay as well. But as we sit here today, it is purely focused on the Uruguayan operations. And the end product that we produce there is lumber appearance or panel -- appearance panel that we come out of there. The other thing that has been in international operations is we had a small joint venture in Brazil, which also has now been curtailed since a year ago. So going forward, I think, and especially as panel markets start to pick up, we will see some of that reverse.
Patricia M. Bedient: It's likely the land sales. I don't have the detail of that in front of me. We would be happy to take it off-line and walk through it with you, there have been some land sales in Uruguay in the past. So there's some lumpiness that comes into that as well.
