Patty Bedient: Thanks, Doyle and good morning everybody. The outlook for the second quarter is summarized on Chart 13 and I will begin the discussion with timberlands. In the West, log export volume is expected to improve from Q1 consistent with higher seasonal construction activity. Log prices are likely to remain under downward pressure due to the combination of currency headwinds and higher-than-normal inventories in China. Western domestic log prices and volumes have continued to decrease through the first part of this quarter, but we anticipate they will stabilize as housing activity begins to improve and mill inventories come back into balance. Fee harvest in the West will decrease slightly and road costs are expected to increase seasonally. In the south, we anticipate pricing consistent with first quarter levels. We expect typical seasonal increases in fee harvest and silviculture costs. In Q1, the gain on non-strategic land sales was $17 million. We anticipate only minimal land sales in Q2. In total, we expect that earnings in our Timberlands segment will be lower in the second quarter compared to the first. Moving to wood products, thus far in the quarter, prices for lumber and oriented strand board have continued to soften and are currently below the average sales realizations for last quarter. However, we do expect this trend to reverse as weather improves and building activity picks up. As a result, we anticipate that average realizations in the second quarter for both lumber and OSB will be similar to Q1 on seasonally increased volumes. Volumes in engineered wood products are expected to increase significantly with little change in pricing. Western log prices should decrease compared to the first quarter and per unit manufacturing costs will likely be lower due to higher operating rates and our operational excellence initiatives. Overall, second quarter earnings in the wood products segment are expected to be significantly higher than Q1. In cellulose fibers, pulp prices have been negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates and higher than normal inventory levels. Second quarter average sales realizations are anticipated to be lower than the average for Q1. The effect of lower realization should be partially offset by increased sales volume. While the disruptions caused by the West Coast port dispute have lessened, we continue to have some negative effects in the second quarter. We will have an extended outage at one of our southern fluff mills in order to perform scheduled maintenance and to install energy-related capital improvements. These improvements include installation of a turbine generator and upgrades of the boilers and steam and power systems. Benefits include lower manufacturing costs through improved reliability, improved energy efficiency and increased outside power sales. This second quarter outage is anticipated to result in more than twice the number of outage days compared to the 17 days in Q1. We expect maintenance expense will be approximately $15 million higher in Q2 compared to Q1. As a result of this extended outage, overall earnings in the cellulose fibers segment are expected to be lower in the second quarter compared to the first. We have only one mill maintenance outage scheduled for the second half of the year and therefore earnings in the second half of the year should be significantly higher than the first. Chart 10 details the major items of unallocated costs. Q1 expense, before special items, increased to $41 million from the fourth quarter level of $13 million. As Doyle mentioned, the major item was the non-cash foreign exchange impact of $29 million resulting from the weaker Canadian dollar. In Q2, we expect that the total expense for unallocated items will be closer to the fourth quarter level before considering the effect of foreign exchange rates. Now, I will wrap up with some overall financial statement comments. I will refer you to Chart 11 for this discussion. Cash for the quarter decreased $422 million. Cash flow from operations was $77 million. As you can see from the chart, the first quarter is typically our lowest quarter due to seasonality. Major outflows in the first quarter were as follows. Capital expenditures were $89 million. We continue to expect that total capital expenditures for the year will be approximately $500 million. We paid $152 million in dividends and repurchased shares for $253 million. The share repurchase activity is summarized on Chart 12. As of the end of the first quarter, we had just over $240 million remaining on the $700 million authorization that we announced last August. Now, I will turn the call back over to Doyle and I look forward to your questions.
Patty Bedient: The one thing that I would add is on the – Doyle did a nice job of walking through the operational excellence on the businesses. One of the other areas that we had was our G&A targets – SG&A targets. And as we said at the end of the year that we had identified the things that we needed to execute on to get that and you can see in the results year-over-year the improvement is coming through there. So, we are also equally pleased on that front.
Patty Bedient: Yes. The gain was in the first quarter was $17 million in total and that was an increase of $14 million over the fourth quarter. And we really don’t expect anything of any significance in the second quarter.
Patty Bedient: So if that’s true that will impact our Timberland earnings without $17 million. And we would expect that that’s probably half of the decrease of Q1 to Q2. The other piece would be primarily Western logs.
Patty Bedient: Gail as we look at that market, the demand for that is growing. And that’s why we do need more supply overall to meet that demand. The unfortunate part is that oftentimes when it comes on, it comes on in chunk. So it takes a while for the market to absorb it. I think the good news that we are hearing from the folks who are bringing that supply on is they do have the opportunity to produce both paper grade as well as fluffs. And so I suspect that that will come in over the course of time. But there is no question that as we look at our own demand growing and their customers growing, that there is just more demand for fluff both in the emerging markets and also in the adult and continent here domestically.
Patty Bedient: Sure. I think as you think about what we report against the random lengths framing composites for lumber, the framing composite has made up a number of different grades and it doesn’t equate exactly to what we are manufacturing. So sometimes we lag, sometimes we are a little ahead. So I don’t know that I would say we always have that same relationship. As you think about what happens in the South versus West, of course we have operations in both our southern system is larger than our Western system. One other things that I think will help our Western system for lumber in the second quarter is the log prices coming down. And as you know, log prices are a big or log costs are a big cost of producing lumber. So the West will get a little help on that. And in the South, we would expect that those log prices will be unchanged as well. So little more important to us in the South just based on the size of the system, but both geographies are important to us.
Patty Bedient: One of the projects that will significantly improve our operational excellence going forward was, as Doyle said, we didn’t have in the first quarter and we won’t have the full benefit in the second quarter, but is that energy installation and boiler upgrade that we are doing in one of our fluff mills in the second quarter. So, we are excited about the additional power generation sales that we will have from that upgrade, but also it will significantly improve the reliability of that mill and thereby lower our cost going forward as well. So that’s just one example of an operational excellence focus that you haven’t seen show up on the bottom line yet, but we will start to see some of that improvement later in the year.
Patty Bedient: I think that we would certainly see our second quarter significantly higher than the first quarter as I said. To get to the roughly a little over $100 million of a year ago quarter we are going to have to see some really significant turnaround in prices, that we haven’t seen yet. So I am pulling for it, but it’s unlikely that we ill get there unless as I said pricing just really significantly has an inflection point from here. But it will be somewhere south of that, but still significantly higher than what we saw in Q1.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. We are optimistic housing markets will strengthen throughout the remainder of 2015 and look forward to improving demand as the spring selling and summer building season progresses. Going forward, our priorities remained unchanged. We are relentlessly focused on improving our performance through operational excellence and delivering on our priorities for capital allocation. And now I would like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle Simons: Mark, as you know historically we have experienced price increases in the first quarter and the fourth quarter in lumber. As you highlighted, we thought that would happen again this year, it did not. And to your question, I think there were two drivers. Number one is while January was okay from a weathers perspective, February and March were not. So clearly from a demand perspective, the lack of construction activity due to the severe weather had an impact on the demand side of the equation. I think there was also some impact from additional supply of lumber coming from Canada due to the currency situation. So I think it was a combination of both of those things that resulted in pricing not improving to the level that we had anticipated when we had the fourth quarter call.
Doyle Simons: Yes, I think it’s the latter, Mark. I think the demand side will clearly take care of itself. And fortunately we are starting to see some real signs of improvements there. On the supply side, I think that takes care of itself over time as well. As you continue to see improvement in export markets for lumber and as we also know, there is just a natural constraint on how much lumber can come from Canada on an ongoing basis because of the pine beetle situation. So I think both supply and demand work temporary phenomenon in the quarter and will take care of themselves over time.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So, it’s referred to in the comments. We clearly saw some benefit from operational excellence in both the timberland business and the wood products business in the first quarter. And timberlands, to your point, basically what happened there is we had lower price and volume as we talked about, but that was more than offset by lower cost in the quarter, the lower costs being both in the west and in the south in the lower price and volume of course being primarily in the west. In addition, we had some benefit from higher land sales, but that’s what got us to the improvement in the first quarter versus fourth despite the fact that we had weaker market conditions specifically in the west. On the wood products side, I would say we were pleased with the fact that we clearly saw OpEx improvements in our results in the first quarter. Because as we talked about, we did in fact, have resident higher prices, we had lower prices pretty much across the board. So, I would tell you our continued effort for example in lumber to reduce our cost net of log. We saw benefit there in OSB, lower manufacturing cost. And then in ELP where we saw a nice improvement really what – the key driver there was we had lower price kind of offset by higher volume, but the – we had overall lower manufacturing cost due to favorable resins, less maintenance downtime in the quarter, but frankly before I was just running better as a result of our OpEx effort. So, that’s kind of how what we saw play out in the first quarter versus fourth.
Doyle Simons: Yes, I would say we are on track in both timberlands and in wood products. We got some catching up to do in cellulose fiber.
Doyle Simons: I would say generally and made this comment before as we get deeper into our operational excellence program it’s harder work to get it done. But with that said as I just referred to very pleased with the progress that we made in our timberlands business and our lumber business – I mean, timberlands business and our wood products business in the fourth quarter, still some additional work to do in cellulose fiber, but we are very encouraged by the progress we made. And I can tell you our folks are working really hard everyday to deliver against those targets and we are confident that we will reach those targets in 2015.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So, as we talked about we did see some impact on the trade flows in terms of our export volumes in the first quarter. As we stated, volumes were down both into Japan and into China. And as a result, there was additional trade flow that came into the domestic market and that was part of the reason for the lower cost – lower priced logs. Overall, lower price realizations in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So to your point Chip, we did make the comment that we needed to significantly improve the performance in both of those businesses. And in 2014, as you will recall we improved earnings in each of those businesses – both of those businesses by $30 million to $40 million, so real progress. At the end of 2014, as you also recall Chip, we made the comment that that was good progress, but we still have a lot of work to do to get these businesses to where they need to be long-term. Thank you, for your comment on the progress that we made on ELP in the first quarter and we were pleased with that, more work to do. And on distribution we did made slight improvements there. But what I would tell you is we set goals – OpEx goals for ELP of $15 million to $20 million for 2015. And we are on track and maybe a little bit ahead of schedule to deliver on that and then on distribution, $20 million to $30 million. And I am still confident that we will accomplish that going forward. So I would say progress in both businesses, still work to do. And ultimately as I have said, we just got to show that we can in both of those businesses, earn above our cost of capital over the cycle and sustainably and maybe more importantly how to execute our competition, so still more work to be done. But thanks for your comment on the progress.
Doyle Simons: Chip, as you know we spend a lot of time focusing on capital allocation around here and we are constantly reviewing our various alternatives. To your point, as we approach the completion of the current repurchase authorization, we will work with our Board regarding the best use of our cash going forward. As we have previously stated, long-term we believe the appropriate level of cash in our balance sheet is in the $300 million to $500 million range. And even with the completion of the current share authorization we will be well in excess of that. So something we are spending a lot of time working on thinking about and we will make some decisions as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Okay. So, in terms of the port situation, that has been – as we said in our comments, has taken longer to get resolved than we had originally anticipated. There are still some congestion at the port. We had no situation in Portland in some of the traffic there moving to Seattle and Tacoma. But to your point, Patty, I did say that it was $15 million impact in the first quarter and we would expect that to be $5 million or less impact in the second quarter.
Doyle Simons: Okay. And then the – your question regarding – let’s talk a little bit about kind of how we are viewing the export markets and the overall markets for our timberland for our logs. In Japan, what we have seen there is we talked about reduced log demand by lower housing activity. The strong U.S. dollar is impacting the pricing as our customer competes with other alternatives from Europe due to the comparative FX rates and Q2 log shipments as we said should be up seasonally compared with Q1, but the price we anticipate will be down and we expect prices to stabilize as we go out of the second quarter into the third quarter. China, there we are having the strong U.S. dollar is having a negative impact on the U.S. log demand and pricing relative to imports from New Zealand and Russia. Log inventories as everybody know remain elevated at approximately 4.5 million cubic meters. We expect our shipments to be higher in the second quarter compared with the first quarter due to the Chinese building season. We expect continued downward pressure on pricing in 2Q. And here again, we expect prices to stabilize in the second quarter moving into the third quarter. I would make the point on China, despite the current situation if you take a little bit longer term look we believe China will continue to be a key market for us due to continued growth in middle class in China and the limitation – the natural limitations on additional wood supply from Russia and New Zealand, but China has been volatile in the past and we think we will continue to be volatile going forward. And then finally if you look at it at the domestic markets, I think to your specific questions, we think the – the volume and prices that we see there will flatten its housing activity accelerates, especially in California and we are starting to see some of that. And as log inventories normalize, a part of why the log inventories got to the condition there is because of the very favorable logging conditions that occurred in the first quarter.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So as I said we are seeing signs, it comes partially from discussions that are ongoing with our customer base. We are also encouraged by the commentary that’s coming out of the home builders that we talk to. And their commentary is a lot more people are showing up. Even some commentary that first time homebuyers are starting to show up. So it just feels like it’s the spring selling season is starting to shape up well. As we have said, it was deferred because of weather. But all in all, with – almost without exception, our customers and others that to are saying the demand is there, folks are interested. And if you really look at it, that makes sense. I mean you have got full-time employment, its the highest level it’s been in many years. You got consumer confidence, you got gas prices that are down over 30% year-over-year. You still got very low rate mortgages. You got the FHA and heard working together to try to bringing the first-time homebuyers, so a lot of very positive things. And we are seeing it in the sentiment that we are hearing and from our customer base.
Doyle Simons: Yes. We – as you referred to, Gail we did give some guidance on what we thought the positive impact would be from lower diesel prices. We saw some of that in the quarter. Overall, I would say the benefit was roughly $5 million because of the lower diesel prices in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. That has helped on the ocean freight and that has partially offset some of the pressure that’s been on pricing. The other thing I would say, and I think you asked this question last time, we are seeing partially offsetting that, we are seeing some negative impact from our oil and gas revenue from our timberland side. Our best guess is that will be down somewhere to $5 million maybe $10 million in the – in 2015 versus 2014 if we kind of continue at these oil prices going forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes, that’s a really good question. And the way we think about it, let me talk specifically about wood products is we did say that we anticipated prices going up in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. That was based on what we were seeing in January when we did that. And as I mentioned earlier, January was a good month and we were right on track. Some things happened in February and March. That on the demand side primarily as we talked about that impacted lumber and OSB prices. We also did make the comment on the first quarter call that those were our best guesses and we would all watch lumber and OSB prices together and see what happens. So, our sense is that, that’s something that not unique to us. It’s being – is able to be tracked by our analysts and investors and can make adjustments accordingly. So, if it was – what our experience was, was dramatically different than what’s happening in the marketplace. To your point at that point, we would consider officially revising guidance, but if it’s just something that’s public in what’s happening in the marketplace, we typically would not revise guidance just based on that, because there is a lot of visibility to those prices in the marketplace.
Doyle Simons: Yes. As Patty alluded to in her comments, we anticipate that the second quarter will be significantly higher than the first quarter. To your point, we have got a lot of maintenance in the first half of the year both in the first quarter and then we have doubled the amount of maintenance in the second quarter. We also had some – to your point some headwinds and small operational issue in the first quarter. All of that should be behind us. So, we would anticipate significant improvement in our cellulose fibers business in the second half versus the first half.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So, we do anticipate – or we did have – I am going to start with the operating rate. Operating rates in the first quarter were in the low 70s in terms of ELP. In terms of pricing, you are right we said that was roughly flat currently versus the first quarter. There has been a price increase announced in Canada and for ELP roughly 5% or a little more and we think that could pass through. We won’t see the full benefit of that until the third quarter.
Doyle Simons: Yes. I would say the first quarter was more – first quarter is always slower seasonally, but I would say it was even worse than the normal seasonal, because of the weather impacts again in February and March. As I said earlier, January was a pretty good month and then February and March were difficult due to the weather situation. In terms of our visibility into housing, our crystal ball is not necessarily any better than anybody else’s, but we have a lot of customers that we talked to on a very regular basis. So, I would say we have got good visibility into housing going forward. I would say in terms of what our forecast is for starts, it is unchanged at $1.1 million. And actually, we are really encouraged by what we have seen over the past few weeks in terms of again, talking to customers and their overall sentiment for housing. And if you really step back and look at and it and I have talked about it earlier, there are a lot of really things – positive things happening which should continue to drive household formation. The employment level, the consumer confidence, the lower gas prices, where mortgage rates are – the availability is improving in terms of mortgage for first time homebuyers. So a lot of encouraging things there that we think will continue to drive housing going forward.
Doyle Simons: So Mark, in terms of the deal flows overall, it was low in the first quarter in both the South and the West, as we have previously said we expect that to increase as we move through the year. And I will tell you there is still a lot of money chasing deals going forward. In terms of our specific portfolio, as you know we have got 4 million acres in the South, 2.7 million acres in the Pacific Northwest. We would like to grow both areas. We like the positions where we are. We will look at growing both the South and the Pacific Northwest. But with that said, we are going to continue to be very disciplined in terms of our approach and make sure that any acquisition opportunity that we look at meets our specific criteria of having appropriate cash flow on returns, both in the near-term and long-term, strong market access and ability for us to add value or synergies and I think the Longview acquisition is a good example of where we were but able to add synergies as a result of that transaction. So we will look to grow both in the West and in the South we like our position in both of those, but we will be very disciplined in the approach that we take.
Doyle Simons: Yes. I think our biggest opportunities for growth going forward, Mark, will be domestic. We will continue to look internationally. As you know, we have Timberland Uruguay. That is a really good timberland. We have got a good team in place there. The growth rates there are really encouraging. So, we understand international timberland, but I think on a risk-adjusted basis I think our bigger opportunities going forward will be domestic as opposed to international.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, George. And I am going to take your second question first and then I will come back to the bigger question. So, in cellulose fibers in the quarter, we did not see much benefit from operational excellence. In terms of the start up of the mill that was down, that’s something that we could have done better. In terms of the port situation and the FX situation, those are just were what they were. I was actually really proud of the way our team managed through the very difficult port situation from the fact that it really did – it had a really significant impact on our ability to ship product. We had to move things around. We had additional transportation costs. We had warehouse costs. A lot of moving parts there in our team was on top of it and did a really nice job of managing through that and has continued to do that as we move forward. So, comment on the $30 million to $35 million of OpEx, I am absolutely convinced we are going to get that for the year. There was not much that showed up in the first quarter in our cellulose fiber business unlike out other two businesses, where it did show up, but we have got a good team in place, we have got the right strategy and the mill outage. When you take those down, you start them back up, it doesn’t always go as well as you had hoped. That happened this quarter and we will manage that better as we move forward. In terms of the strategy overall, for cellulose fibers, as you alluded to, we talked about that at our December meeting. And we like having cellulose fiber business as part of our overall portfolio partly because of the reason you said. It does tend to be countercyclical to some of our other businesses, but much more importantly, we like the cash – the very strong cash flow generation that we have historically received from that business and we are convinced we will continue to generate significant free cash flow going forward. We like that, because that ties to our number one capital allocation priority of having a growing and sustainable dividend and we believe the cash flow that we generate from that business will continue to allow us to grow our dividend going forward.
Doyle Simons: No. George and you are right, I didn’t mention it because it did not have an impact. That was a mill that went down. And as we said when you start mills back up, sometimes they don’t start up as well as they should, that’s what happened on this occasion. And we will work to make sure that doesn’t happen going forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So in the South, we continue to anticipate that Southern sawlog prices will be up 3% to 4% in 2015 versus 2014. That’s kind of what we saw in Q4 ‘14 versus ‘13. We think that trend is going to continue. It’s hard to know exactly what the tipping point is going to be to your question. And China, as I mentioned earlier is going to be volatile. So I don’t get too concerned about that component of it. I think as housing continues to improve, that’s going to help on the demand side and then overall on the supply side, the constraints that Canada has in place because of the pine beetle situation will be a key driver there. So we are not yet to the tipping point, I think it’s still in front of us and the key driver there is going to be what happens with U.S. housing and as I mentioned earlier, we continue to be encouraged by the progress there, just had to pause in the first quarter, but the fundamentals are clearly in place for a continued improvement in housing as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes. I would say the biggest component and I don’t have that exact breakdown in front of me, but the biggest component of it was the volume as we talked about Japan slows down due to just the general slowdown in housing. And then we all know what happened in China. So clearly, both were components. But I would tell you, volume was the bigger component of the decrease that was experienced.
Doyle Simons: Collin, as you know, we do have the ability to flex up and down depending on what’s happened on market conditions. We will see how things play out going forward, do not have any intention to do that at this point, but that is something that we have done historically and we have the ability to do as we move forward. 
Doyle Simons: Thank you and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And most importantly, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
