Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the fourth quarter is summarized on chart 12, and I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, export log volumes to Japan is expected to increase during the fourth quarter as a result of an active Japanese housing market, and we anticipate a slight improvement in prices. Although construction activity in China is still slow, inventories at Chinese ports started to decline during Q3 and are expected to decrease further this quarter. As a result, we see fourth quarter prices stabilizing. Average sales realizations and volumes for Western domestic logs are expected to be comparable to Q3. Fee timber harvest in the West is anticipated to increase slightly, as fire-related logging constraints have been lifted. In the South, fee harvest volume is expected to be in line with the third quarter and we anticipate roughly similar average sales realizations. Silviculture and logging costs will likely increase seasonally. Overall, fourth quarter earnings in our Timberlands segment are expected to be comparable to Q3. In our Wood Products segment, the fourth quarter is typically the seasonally weakest quarter of the year. Because of the seasonal slowdown, we expect lower sales volumes. Although we have seen an increase in lumber prices thus far in the fourth quarter, average sales realizations for Q4 are expected to be lower than the average of Q3. We expect higher average sales realizations for oriented strand board in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, and we anticipate that Engineered Wood Products' average sales realizations will be relatively flat. Production volumes in the fourth quarter are expected to decline, due to the holiday season and scheduled downtime to complete maintenance and capital projects. This downtime will result in higher per-unit manufacturing costs. Consistent with the normal seasonal patterns, we expect fourth quarter earnings in our Wood Products segment to be lower than the third quarter and slightly lower than the earnings of Q4 of last year, which had much higher pricing. Our Cellulose Fibers business is continuing to experience currency headwinds due to the strong U.S. dollar. Worldwide inventories for softwood pulp stood at 30 days at the end of the third quarter. Typically, industry supply increases during the fourth quarter as there is seasonally not as much maintenance downtime in the colder winter months. As a result, we expect weaker average sales realizations for pulp in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Our final planned maintenance outage for this year was completed earlier this month. The mill is back up and running well. Due to this outage, we will have more planned maintenance phase this quarter, as a result expect that overall maintenance expense will be approximately $10 million higher than Q3. In addition, we expect seasonally higher fiber costs. We anticipate that overall earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will be approximately $20 million to $25 million lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Chart nine summarizes the results of unallocated items. Unallocated items moved from a positive earnings impact of $20 million in Q2 to a negative $27 million in Q3. The largest change was the result of a non-cash charge for the weakening of the Canadian dollar. As we've said in the past, every $0.01 change in the exchange rate is roughly $3 million to $4 million on a pre-tax basis. The other large variance was a lower positive effect for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. Now, I'll wrap with some overall financial comments. Income taxes for the quarter resulted in a tax benefit of $16 million. This was due to a true-up of the effective tax rate for the year, which is now estimated to be lower based on the higher mix of REIT income relative to the taxable REIT subsidiary. In addition, there were discrete items booked in the quarter of approximately $9 million; the largest item being a positive resolution of uncertain tax positions. Now, I'll refer you to chart 10. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $282 million, or a reduction of $84 million compared to Q2. The change was primarily the result of a large working capital reduction in Q2 and normal timing of interest payments. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $112 million, bringing our total expenditures for the first three quarters of the year to just over $300 million. We still anticipate total expenditures for the year to approximate $500 million. There was no change to our scheduled debt maturities and, as you can see from the chart, the first maturity isn't until 2017. Chart 11 details our share repurchase activity, and we have now completed our $700 million 2014 share repurchase authorization. And as mentioned earlier, in August, the board authorized an additional share repurchase program for $500 million. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah. Mark, that's our outlook for the full year and, of course, the fourth quarter will be the last one. As you mentioned, we had a number of things in the third quarter just to true up the rate for the full year, but we'll be over 5% for the fourth quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. As you think about the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter is typically when we do our maintenance as well as install capital projects and most of that will happen in the Wood Products business. And it's really across the board. As you think about OSB, for example, we're installing some – not huge capital but we will take advantage of putting in things across the system. ELP will have some as well, lumber has some capital projects and also we have holiday downtime that happens in the fourth quarter. So if I think – as we think about our operating rates for OSB, in particular, I think as Doyle said we were in the mid-90s for the third quarter, we would expect below 90% for the fourth quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Tyler, we did talk about the fact that we expected to have a little more fee harvest volume in the West, but it's not a huge amount, and even in the third quarter, we didn't see as much benefit from the fire restriction as probably many expected, because of the fact that many of the mills had already, seeing the fact that the fire season was going to be so severe, had done some additional things as far as their own log supply. So, I don't see a huge risk related to that but the increase that I mentioned in our fee timber harvest in the West is not a huge increase. I don't think it will have that significant of an impact.
Patricia M. Bedient: In terms of the overall impact, I would say that there, the biggest impact of third Q compared to fourth quarter really does come from sales volumes. As we talked about, seasonally, the fourth quarter is a lower quarter for volume, and that's really a statement across most of our product lines, lumber, OSB and ELP. And certainly in distribution as well, we were very pleased with the improvement in distribution for the third quarter, but they will likely be impacted as well from the seasonal volume fall off. Now, having said all that, as Doyle talked about, we are pleased to see that prices in lumber especially and OSB have been coming up in the quarter. Its pricing can be very volatile, and we'll just have to see how it all plays out. But I would say across the board, the biggest negative compared to the third quarter is in sales volume. And actually, we're very pleased, when you think about quarter-over-quarter, last year in the fourth quarter, we had much better pricing than what we're anticipating for this fourth quarter, and earnings are roughly – maybe a little lower or could be even comparable depending upon where prices are. So I think you start to see the impact of our operational excellence initiative kicking into that.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah. Gail, the only other thing that I would add is, as you look at the fourth quarter spend, it will be our highest spend for the year, and as Doyle mentioned, the biggest piece of that will be in the lumber business in addition to the things that he talked about, there are projects that many of the mills really focused on lowering their cost structure. One piece, for example, is in our CDKs that we're putting in the continuous drive kilns at a couple of locations, both to address boiler MACT as well as bringing down drying cost, which is a significant cost. We've got some edger projects, those types of things that really will improve recovery but they really are focused on lowering the overall cost structure.
Patricia M. Bedient: You might imagine, Chip, we're right in the middle of that process. So let me just give you a little bit of color. I would say that we are very pleased with the demand that we're seeing for our products from our customers. We've got, as you know, very long customer relationships. So on the volume side, feeling good about – it's still just the fourth quarter, we're not into 2016 until next year and we'll give you more color as we get a little closer. Having said that, I do expect that there will continue to be some price pressure as we – moving forward into 2016 as you see supply and demand. But I would say, at this point, we are very pleased with where we are on that front, but more to come.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, more babies mean more diapers, which means more fluff pulp. So hard to factor that into the cash flow stream, but I know what the direction would be. So I think from that perspective, we feel good about that piece, but I don't know how to quite model that at this point.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. We did true up some of our environmental reserves, which is probably the biggest piece of that, it's not all of that by any matter of means, we have a number of things that you saw in the second quarter. The number was I think about $13 million, went to $23 million. The biggest difference really was for a true-up of some environmental reserves that are old reserves and it's just a function of – this is kind of the time that we go through that process. There are probably some other small reserve true-ups, but that's the biggest number. Going forward into the fourth quarter, I wouldn't expect that that number would be as large as you see it.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yeah, Steve, it's Patty. It is a smaller part of the overall portfolio, but we are producing the Pearl product, primarily in our Port Wentworth facility, and that does help the overall supply that comes into the fluff market. So it is still a meaningful part for Port Wentworth, still a small part as it relates to the overall pulp manufacturing and supply.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, the biggest impact for sure would be in fluff just based upon the size of both that market and our capacity, but I wouldn't discount the importance of the Pearl product, especially as a result, as I said, to both the price as well as additional capacity for Port Wentworth.
Patricia M. Bedient: We'll have to see how that all figures out. As we said, for the fourth quarter, which is really on a pricing guidance what we give, think that realization will be basically flat into the third quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, I think as Doyle talked about in his comments on the FX, a strong dollar is not a positive business. But I think as we look at the euro right now, if you look year-over-year, it has weakened considerably compared to the U.S. dollar. So, I wouldn't necessarily see that it will be significantly weaker from where it is today.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty. We are encouraged by the positive trend in housing and the optimistic tone we are hearing from our customers. Going forward, we remain relentlessly focused on operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. By relentlessly driving operational excellence in each of our businesses, we are laying a foundation that enables us to take full advantage of market opportunities. Our recently announced dividend increase and share repurchase program illustrate our confidence that we will continue to grow shareholder value by capitalizing on these activities going forward. And with that, we'd like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. And Mark, we agree with you. There is a scenario where lumber prices could in fact be higher in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. But let me kind of give you the facts of where we are currently. If you take fourth quarter-to-date average, it's still about $15 below the third quarter average. Now if you take current prices today for lumber, it's basically in line with the third quarter average. So to your point, it's all dependent on what happens from this point going forward. We may be being conservative in terms of what we're assuming for lumber prices, but we all know that, as Patty mentioned, the fourth quarter is typically a slower seasonal period and we'll just have to see what happens in the month of November and December. So that's the way we see it at this point and we'll just watch together because our – it's nothing but a guess as to what we think's going to happen in the fourth quarter and we'll just have to see how it plays out as we move through the next couple of months.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. I think there's a number of things that have played into that. I think what we understand in talking to our customers and buyers, I think there were very, very low inventories in the system, partially waiting to see what happens when the Softwood Lumber Agreement expired. When that did happen, there was not a lot of lumber that came on. So I think part of it has been a building back of inventories in light of that. I think there have been some slight improvements in the Chinese markets. And our take is, as long as the weather holds, as I said in my comments, we're hearing very positive commentary from our customers in terms of demand in building season. So that's I think what's happened to drive the lumber prices up over the past few weeks.
Doyle R. Simons: So, in terms of operating rates, lumber was right at 90%, OSB mid-90%s and ELP in the mid-70%s in terms of operating rates. And I'll let Patty, because she alluded to it in her comments, talk about the fourth quarter and some of the maintenance downtime we have planned for the fourth quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Anthony, as you alluded to, our guideline, and it is a guideline is 75% of FAD over the cycle. I think the "over the cycle" is an important component. To your point, we feel like we are still early in the housing recovery cycle and as mentioned in my comments, we're optimistic that housing will continue to recover and will be 1% to 1.25% in 2016. As a result of that, we think we have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow earnings and cash flow going forward and are confident that we will continue to do that as housing continues to improve going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Pricing, as we all know, is difficult to predict. But following up on the conversation we had earlier on lumber, we are encouraged that lumber prices are improving in a slower seasonal period. And our take is, as we move into the strong building season next year, again, assuming housing's at the 1.2% to 1.25% range, we think that will be very constructive for Wood Products, and frankly Timberland prices moving into 2016.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, what I would tell you is that it's – what we've been working on is the basic blocking and tackling of running a distribution. It's making sure we have the right warehouse and cost in places, making sure we're growing profitable sales. So, as Patty said, we were very encouraged by the progress we made in the third quarter, but more work to do. But we are pleased that we – on the trajectory that we saw in the third quarter and the changes that we're making in that business to position it for success in the future. So, progress, more work to do, but are confident in the plan that we have in place will get us to where we need to be in that business.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, as we all know, the Softwood Lumber Agreement expired on October 12. Just in terms of what's happening on that, there are ongoing discussions between participants on both sides of the border regarding renewing the agreement. As well as you all know, this is ultimately a government-to-government negotiation, and election season has hampered the ability to have those discussions. But we are looking forward to both governments having an opportunity to engage and it's my take, our take that there is a possibility of reaching an agreement prior to the one year standstill playing out.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's exactly right. I think what's happened over the past two weeks or three weeks was in line with what we anticipated but you never know, but I do think that does show that there wasn't a significant impact in terms of flows when that agreement expired.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. What we think is inventories continue to be lean especially in lumber and OSB. So, yes, there has been increased buying activity, as you alluded to, and we stated, but it's our stance that inventories continue to be on the lean side.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Yeah. You're exactly right. We are, as we have been talking about for a period of time now, spending capital specifically in our lumber operation to support our OpEx initiatives, and to drive down our overall cost structure. So, that's happening at a number of mills, each of our mills has a specific roadmap, that's what's needed to get them to be in lowest cost quartile, and we have specific projects going on. One of the projects, to give you can example, is our Dierks sawmill. Our Dierks sawmill has been a very good sawmill for us for a long time. It's located in a fantastic wood basket. It's close to very good end market, but is a very old mill with an odd configuration. We are basically rebuilding that mill. We are rebuilding that mill on site. As we looked at all the different opportunities to make that mill more cost efficient that was the one that made the most sense. But to your question, Gail, every project that we're doing, the whole focus is to drive down our overall cost structures and that we will have low cost sawmill operation, and we'll be able to deliver on our OpEx initiatives. As we said, we're going to spend roughly total company-wide $500 million in capital, that's inclusive of what we're spending in lumber, and would anticipate the capital spend, as Patty said on the last call, will be in that range for next year as well as we continue on these projects.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, thank you for your commentary and our employees have done a nice job of making improvements and more work to do. In terms of EWP specifically it's really boils down to three things. One is reducing manufacturing cost and specifically controllable manufacturing costs, and that's something we're focused on every day. We've also driven down our overall SG&A cost in EWP business. And then finally we're really focused on growing not only just sales, but growing profitable sales. So those are the three key levers that we've been focused on in EWP, and have been encouraged about the progress that we've made there, and we're focused on continuing to improve that operation going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark I would say in OSB the projects that we're doing, some of it involves debottlenecking, but more than that it's just figuring out a way to continue to improve reliability and drive down cost. As we've talked about, we've got a couple of mills that are world-class and we've got opportunities to improve some of our OSB mills to those same type of levels in terms of reliability and cost structure and that's what our capital expenditures are focused on.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So, we thought that it will increase transaction that you're referring to was a very creative transaction and especially did a nice job of highlighting the underlying value of high quality Southern Timberlands. If we were at some point to conclude this type of transaction in the best interest of our shareholders, it's something we would consider. In terms of growth overall markets, we said we are interested in growing our company. Primary opportunity, we think will probably be in Timberlands, but we'll continue to be very disciplined in looking at acquisitions, opportunities as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, George, to your point, we will be updating exactly our progress in 2015 later this year and giving more specific guidance on the opportunities that are still in front of us, but to your point, we have made good progress. What I'm most encouraged about is, this is now becoming bottom up driven in our organization as people are really understanding what we're doing in OpEx, and finding additional opportunities. So we will be giving further update on that going forward. In terms of quarter-to-quarter, clearly, if you looked at price and volume and what that would result in terms of earnings, that's one number in our earnings and each of the businesses are higher than that. That delta is primarily due to OpEx. Looking at it, I'll just give you an example, if you look at this morning I actually looked at some numbers and I looked year-to-date 2015 versus year-to-date 2014 because I think it's hard and things move around a lot on a quarterly basis but just looking at Timberland, for example, year-to-date 2014 our earnings in 2014 were $470 million. You look at lower price, lower volume that would have – you would have thought just backing in those two things, our earnings would have been $370 million year-to-date 2015 and in fact they're $415 million. So that delta, not all of its OpEx, but a big portion of that is OpEx. Similar type numbers for lumber, OSB, ELP. So that's the way we think about it, just taking out the thing, the volume, the price components of it and that's how we know it's showing up in the bottom-line.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. I wouldn't say changes substantially, George. We will identify broader opportunities as we move forward. As I said, the encouraging part about this is it's becoming part of our culture, it is being bottom up-driven. So things that, frankly, I would have never thought of as opportunities, our employees are bringing up as opportunities to continue to drive down our cost structure, improve our profitability. So again, we'll get more clarity on that as we move forward. But it really does boil down, as I mentioned earlier, to the basic blocking and tackling of running these businesses, but we are encouraged by the opportunities that we continue to unearth to drive our OpEx initiatives.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Steve. And good morning, Steve. As you would expect, we have seen a little bit of pricing pressure as the saw log prices have come off. We anticipate, as we mentioned earlier, as saw log prices go up, some of that pressure will abate. So to answer your question, I would say, yes, we've seen a little bit of pressure, nothing significant and not something we're concerned about in the long term.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. We are really encouraged by the cross-laminated timber emerging market. And more and more buildings, as we all know, are using wood. And yes, we are positioned to participate in that as we move forward and there are some big initiatives, as you know, to continue to encourage those efforts going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Let's talk just a minute about what we're seeing in the export market. As we mentioned, we are very encouraged by what we're seeing in Japan. Housing continues to improve there. And as a result, we expect improved shipments into Japan in the fourth quarter and would expect that trend to continue next year. In terms of Chinese markets, as we referred to earlier, inventories are returning, trending back toward normalized levels. And we think, as a result, prices are stabilizing and getting inventories back toward more normalized levels by the end of this year we think positions China to be a improving market as we move into next year, 2016.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you for your comment regarding the improved profitability and as I mentioned earlier, a lot of good work from our employees. With that said, in both of those businesses we still got more work to do. In terms of growth generally, we said we would like to grow our company. We'll be very disciplined about how we do that. We think our largest opportunities will be in Timberlands. But if we can find bolt-on type acquisitions and our other businesses that makes sense and drive value for shareholders, that's something we would consider. But our primary focus especially in the two businesses that you just highlighted continue to improve our existing operations.
Doyle R. Simons: I think when we announced the share repurchase our intent when we announced it is to fully execute it. So, we'll continue to update everybody on exactly where we are on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but our intention would be to execute the share repurchase over time.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. In terms of our Southern Timberlands, I would say are – whether all these – are these one off. Our demand has been continued to be fairly consistent and pricing in the third quarter was up slightly versus the second quarter. And for 2015 versus 2014, our best guess is prices will be up somewhere in the 2% to 3% range as we had indicated earlier this year. So, yeah, was there some impact from those announcements? Yes. But, it had any significant impact on our Timberlands, either volume or pricing? No.
Doyle R. Simons: There's not a lot out there right now, Collin. I would tell you, especially for higher quality Timberlands when something does come, become available, there's a lot of interest, a lot of competition and still a lot of money out there interested in investing in this asset class. But, in terms of specific opportunities other than the two that you just mentioned, not seeing a lot of activity in terms of availability.
Doyle R. Simons: We do think the improvements that we've seen are sustainable. I do believe that we have, as I alluded to earlier, additional opportunities to improve that business going forward. So, to your point very encouraged about the progress, very encouraged about the work of our employees in that business. And there is no reason to the things that we've done aren't sustainable and that there aren't additional opportunities to improve that business going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Let me just close by saying thanks everybody for joining in this morning. And more importantly, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. And everybody have a good day.
