Doyle Simons: Thank you, Russell. First quarter was an outstanding quarter for Weyerhaeuser, and we have much more opportunity ahead. With a strong housing market trajectory, favorable market dynamics across our Timberlands and Wood Products businesses and a culture focused on operational excellence, we have the tools and runway to further improve on these strong financial results. Looking forward, we are relentlessly focused on capturing the full benefit of the opportunities in front of us in 2018 and beyond to drive as much value as possible for our shareholders. And now I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle Simons: Anthony, good question. And our financial priorities remain unchanged, first and foremost. We’re committed to returning cash to shareholders. As we continue to capitalize on very favorable market conditions and our OpEx improvements, we’re expecting strong cash flow generation for 2018. Our board will continue to regularly view opportunities to return cash to shareholders and this may come in the form of a increased dividend or as you pointed out, opportunistic share repurchases as appropriate. And we do have $500 million of authorization. Secondly, we’ll continue to invest in our businesses. As you know, we’re going to invest roughly $420 million back into our businesses this year. And then in addition, we’ll look at growth opportunities going forward, primarily in Timberland but we’ll be very disciplined in terms of growth opportunities as we move forward to make sure any acquisition that we may make would be value accretive for our shareholders. And then finally, our balance sheet, as you know, is in really good shape. So that’s kind of how we think about capital allocation.
Doyle Simons: Yes, let me – rather than answering it in volume trends, let me try to answer it in terms of dollar impact on the quarter, George. And our best guess – and as you indicated, there’s lots of moving parts, but our best guess is that weather had a roughly $5 million – and I’m talking about our Wood Products group, had a roughly $5 million negative impact in the first quarter. And that the transportation challenges, specifically rail in Canada, had a $5 million impact. So the total of those two things is probably a $10 million – roughly a $10 million impact on our first quarter versus what you would call a more normal first quarter, if there is such a thing.
Doyle Simons: Yes, great question. And you’re right, the biggest opportunity is in lumber. We will have both Dierks and Millport coming online as we move to late this year and in early next year. Those will increase our capacity by roughly 6%. And then on top of that, George, just through ongoing capital and just running better, we think we can increase our capacity by another 2% to 3% on top of that 6% that’s going to come from Millport and Dierks. So that’s our biggest opportunity on the volume side as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Brian, so you’re right, there is a large gap. We’ve been very encouraged by what’s happened in the West and think there is additional opportunity as we move forward. In terms of arbitrage for the reasons you identified, very difficult because of the high cost of trucking logs from one portion of the United States to another. I think more likely what’s going to happen is you’re going to see that gap close as Southern log prices start to move in. And as we think about Southern log prices, Brian, we’re actually encouraged by what we see in the South, and we are starting to see some very early signs of pricing improvement in markets. If you say, well, what are the key drivers of that? Number one, continued growth in demand, and you heard what we had to say about our optimism about housing. Number two is the declining share of – declining Canadian share of the U.S. market. That’s 26% year-to-date versus 30% last year. Third and very importantly is all the new Wood Products capacity that’s coming online. Specifically, the 4-plus billion board feet of capacity additions that are coming online 2017 to 2020. Just to give you a sense, that’s 20% of Southern capacity. And as that new capacity comes online, we expect to see those specific wood baskets tension and put upward pressure on sawlog pricing overall. And in fact, we’re already starting to see that in a couple of areas with new capacity. One is in Central Mississippi, where the new Beuren mill is up and running and prices have moved up over there. And then secondly, even in markets where the capacity isn’t up and running yet, but it’s been announced, for example, the Warrenton, Augusta, Georgia area, the new mill announcements by GP and Canfor have already caused that wood basket to tension. And then the final thing, which is regarding your comment on the Southern export markets, we are making really good progress in developing our export business out of the Southern U.S. We’re already running an export program on the Atlantic Coast out of Charleston and Wilmington, and we’re also working to establish a new program out of the Gulf South, which we expect to have up and running in a few months. We expect to triple the size of our export program in 2018, which we did – try to mention that, would be comparable to a midsized sawmill. And we think there is meaningful potential for significant additional upside in both China and India going forward. So that’s how we think about the South. And to your original question, we think that gap will close over time as a result of improving Southern log prices.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So as you look at inventories, Gail, other than the build and mills in Canada, inventories throughout the system remain very lean, both for lumber and OSB. In terms of the – those inventories at the mills becoming available, I would tell you all indications are that’s going to take some time. Seeing railway is hiring more people, putting in new cars, but they’ve indicated it’s not going to be until the third quarter until that actually starts to make an impact. So I think that additional inventory that’s at the mills is going to come online over time, not in one big chunk. And it’s going to come online at a time, as I said, where we’re going to need more because if we’re going to be in the seasonally strong period when we have winter weather behind us and there will be more building activity.
Doyle Simons: Yes, the court case – all it was, was there was a filing to clarify venue for any disputes that may arise regarding coverage. We’re pleased with the progress we’ve made. We’ve recovered $20 million in the first quarter, another $5 million so far in the second quarter. And we remain confident that we will recover a significant portion of the costs associated with Flak Jacket ultimately.
Doyle Simons: Yes, good question. So the SLA negotiations have been sidelined due to the focus on NAFTA. The two are not, as you know, directly linked, but there have not been ongoing discussions. Bottom line is we remain hopeful that, over time, we will be able to reach a quota-based agreement.
Doyle Simons: Well, if it’s product that was made that we weren’t able to ship for whatever reason, that could show up in the second quarter. If it was weather-related and we weren’t able to make it, which was – we did have some downshifts in the – primarily in the Southern U.S. during the first quarter, not able to make that up. So I would say it’s a combination of both.
Doyle Simons: I would say a portion of it will be recovered in the second quarter. Not able to quantify that exactly.
Doyle Simons: Yes. As we said earlier, we’re encouraged by what we are seeing in the South. A key driver of that is the additional capacity that is coming online. The additional amounts, roughly 4-plus billion board feet, which is 20% add in the South, that’s – we’re encouraged by that. That, combined with the increase in the Southern export market, less lumber coming in from Canada and just, very importantly, the overall improvement in demand driven by housing growing at 7%, 8%, 9%, all are positive things that are going to result in us reaching that point where – the inflection point where we will start to see improvement in southern log prices. And as I mentioned earlier, we’ve already started to see some slight improvement in some select markets where additional capacity has either come online or decided to come online.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So from a trucking perspective, truck availability continues to be challenging across the U.S. and Canada. We expect, as we indicated in the – in our earlier call, that we expect these challenges to persist. And trucking rates are, in fact, increasing somewhere in the 5% to 8% range, but we are working really hard to mitigate those cost increases through OpEx. And then in terms of labor, that’s just going to be a constant headwind. But again, a lot of work that’s going on there to make sure that we’re all setting that through OpEx. And then the final thing I would highlight is things like resin costs are going to be a headwind as well. But we’ll work to either – both to primarily to reduce our usage of resin to the extent we can and other ways to offset that cost pressure.
Doyle Simons: Thank you for saying that Mark. Our folks have done a lot of really hard work to get to where we are today. More to do, but appreciate that acknowledgment.
Doyle Simons: They’re not always going to be great and that’s the way we’re running our company and, specifically, the Wood Products group. We’ve made a lot of progress in that front. And basically, just remind everybody what we’ve done is gone back and recreated the results that were during the last recession. Hopefully, we never go back to those. But making sure that we have a cost structure in place that if we do go back to that – that type of situation, that we would be generating positive cash flow. Very encouraged by the progress we’ve made there as a result of the OpEx work. We were roughly 90% there at the end of 2017 and anticipate being 100% of the way to being black at the bottom by the end of 2018. So a lot of really good work, a lot of good progress on that. And Mark, you’re right. We know things won’t stay this way forever, but the beauty of the work we’ve done, it allows us to fully capitalize on the upside, but also, when this thing does roll over, which we know it ultimately will, we will be in a cash flow positive position on a go-forward basis.
Doyle Simons: Sure, Mark. So we’ll – like I said, we will be focused primarily on Timberland. But we do think there may be opportunities for what I would call more bolt-on acquisitions in Wood Products that some of the key criteria would be if it fit into our wood basket, that would be a positive. But even more than that, it would be making sure that we were acquiring a mill or a set of mills at a price where we could generate long-term value for our shareholders on a go-forward basis. So we’ll continue to actively look for those type of bolt-on acquisitions. Most assets, I think, are pretty fairly valued right now from a Wood Products perspective, but we’ll continue to look but be disciplined in acquisition opportunities on our Wood Products side.
Doyle Simons: Mark, because of the run-up in lumber prices, in plywood, but more specifically in lumber prices, even at these higher Western log costs, lumber mills – I think most lumber mills are profitable. I know ours are. So that margin is still there to be had based on current log prices and current lumber prices on the West Coast.
Doyle Simons: So not impacting our projects at all. As I indicated, Dierks will be up later this year and Millport early next year, and we are on schedule on both of those projects. In terms of the overall increase in sawmill capacity, we anticipate that that’s going to be 4-plus billion. We anticipate the timing of that is roughly 1 billion a year, 2017 to 2020. Clearly, a some of that is – been pushed back a little bit because of the lack of contractor availability. But it will – our sense is while it is being delayed somewhat because of the competition for contractors, it’s ultimately going to come online but maybe pushed back temporarily.
Doyle Simons: Yes, it’s a good question, Mark. So what I would say is the way we’re thinking about these numbers is, it is a 20% – the 4-plus billion board feet is a 20% increase in Southern capacity. But if you look across the entire system, it’s much more like a 5% increase across the entire industry. As you further indicated, we don’t anticipate much, if any, additional increase in the West. And in fact, we think there will be shrinking capacity in Canada. So net-net, while there is a lot of capacity coming on in the South, we think, from a supply and demand perspective for lumber, that’s going to continue to be very good as we look forward. As you know, operating rates are already north of 90%. If you look at the numbers, demand is growing 7%, 8% a year. And this additional supply, if you look at it from an overall industry perspective, not just the South but overall industry perspective, it’s growing about 5% a year. So demand, we think, is going to continue to outpace supply, which should be positive as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So if you look at it historically, prior to the recession, Southern sawlog prices were $15, $20 higher than they are today. So I don’t think there’s any reason at all that as these things tighten up, and they will as we indicated, that you could see that type of pricing improvement. If you use the West as a market or as a reference point, there’s even more opportunity in front of that, especially as we start to develop these export markets. So if things really get humming domestically because of all the additional capacity that’s coming online, you’re going to have less coming in from Canada as we talked about, and then you have an export market on top of that. You can paint a scenario that could be pretty good for Southern sawlog prices in the future.
Doyle Simons: Yes, I haven’t done that exact math, Mark. But Southern – in the West, sawlog prices recovered fairly quickly after the recession to where they were before. And they’ve gone up significantly past that level in the West. And again, with all the key drivers that I just outlined, I don’t see any reason that you couldn’t see over time the same type of improvement in the South that we’ve seen in the West over the past few years.
Doyle Simons: Yes, Mark, I think fundamentally, what’s happening on lumber and OSB is you just have continued growth in demand, coupled with a balance on the supply side of the equation, which is shown in the lean inventories throughout the system. Now there’s no doubt that some of these temporary disruptions like freight are having a temporary impact. But I would say yes, we had freight disruptions or challenges in the first quarter, but we also had – on the supply side, but we also had weather challenges on the demand side. So as we think about it long term, we’re optimistic because, again, it’s ultimately lean inventories throughout the system, coupled with where we are in terms of the demand side of the equation. So that’s kind of how we think about it. We’re going to continue to have these one-off situations that happen. But as long as inventories continue to be at low levels and we continue to have growth in demand, which we anticipate because of what’s happening on the housing front, we’re pretty optimistic about pricing going forward.
Doyle Simons: So Mark, I’d say there’s nothing structural that’s changing there. As you know, we’ve seen much more pricing improvement in the West than we have in the South over the past few quarters. But in terms of structurally, nothing that should change significantly in that mix of earnings going forward.
Doyle Simons: There are gains in silviculture, for example, on – in both. As we’ve indicated, longer term, there will be – from a harvest level perspective, the West will be coming down or did come down – will be coming down this year, whereas the South in the near term will be going up. But other than that, no structural changes.
Doyle Simons: Paul, good question. Basically, what we did is we went back and looked at what those prices were back in the depths of the recession and said, okay, if we go back to that type of situation, what type of cost structure do we need in our Wood Products system to be black at the bottom? So that’s the work that we’ve done to model what – where we needed to be. Hopefully, again, we don’t go back to a recession as deep as the one we saw back in 2008, 2009, but that’s the way we modeled it.
Doyle Simons: Yes. And we’ll have to see how that plays out. But I think you highlighted exactly what we’re focused on, is making sure that when the next recession happens, and we all know it will, that our mills are well positioned. There will be other mills in the industry that would – have not focused on cost or capital has not been spent in where they will absolutely not be black at the bottom and will be well positioned to continue to run during the next downturn.
Doyle Simons: So as I understand it, that is our last question. I would like to thank everybody for being on the call this morning and, as always, for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Russell Hagen: Yes. So let me answer that in a couple of ways. Number one, just to give you a sense, as you said, there is a lag and as prices have moved up, it takes some time to catch up. Number two, just to give you a sense of where we are currently, quarter-to-date in lumber pricing, we’re up roughly $10 versus the first quarter average and quarter-to-date in OSB, we’re up roughly $40. As we look out, we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the markets. Fundamentally, the improvement in pricing and the markets overall is being driven by continued growth and demand, which is being driven by the improvement in housing and thin inventories across the system. In the first quarter, we all know we had some transportation issues. It’s going to take a while, a couple of quarters, for those to fully resolve in the industry. And as that additional capacity comes online, our additional inventory comes online, is going to be coming online in a period which is a stronger building season. We did have some disruptions on the demand side during the first quarter due to weather. Those should be behind us and we’ll be moving into a stronger building season. So as we factor all that in, we’re pretty optimistic about prices for lumber and OSB as we move through the balance of the year.
Russell Hagen: Sure, Brian. This is Russell. I’m going to break it into two pieces. One, I think you’re asking a little bit about our Real Estate program. That’s definitely a different market than the Timberlands, the broader Timberland market. So just on Real Estate on the first quarter, it was comparable to last quarter. Second quarter should be comparable to first quarter, and then we’ll start seeing activity pick up as people get into the marketplace. And then we’ll see a majority of that closings in the fourth quarter. And that’s pretty typical for the Real Estate business. On the Timberland side, it has been a slow first quarter, and that’s pretty typical also. We would expect that the transaction volume for 2018 will be comparable to 2017. We are seeing fewer transactions or fewer offerings in the market kind of in the beginning. But I think that will start loosening up as some of the TIMOs start bringing some of their properties out of some of the funds that are terminating or coming to full life. But overall, we think the market should pick up in the second half of the year.
Russell Hagen: Collin, this is Russell. You’re correct, the federal budget include $200 million for conservation funding. That’s a real positive. But those types of transactions take a little bit of time to form up, and so we would expect to see the benefit of that coming in really in 2019. As far as our outlook for 2018, as we stated, we still – we expect to hit the $250 million of EBITDA for the Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources business. And meet our premium targets of 30%.
Russell Hagen: So Steve, this is Russell. It is a press replacement. And as far as the capacity, the capacity will be about the same as prior. So this is just an old press and it’s time to replace it, and it will make the mill much more cost-effective as we go forward.
Mark Wilde: I want to just start out by you saying that I think this Wood Products performance is pretty impressive. Because if you look back the last time you were running like this was in the mid-2000s and we had much higher housing starts and the Weyerhaeuser footprint was much bigger in Wood Products.
Mark Wilde: Yes. I wondered, Doyle, you’ve talked for the last three or four years about this goal of kind of black at the bottom. Where would you say you are on that metric right now? We know they’re not going to always be great.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Last question I had is for either you or Russell. I’m just trying to get a sense. Given this big move we’ve had in the West Coast log prices, whether that is really starting to constrain some of the domestic converters, whether the log price is just too high for them to carry at this point, whether it’s for plywood or lumber or whatever.
