Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Starting with housing. Despite a softer-than-expected spring building season, our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged from the last quarter. The single-family segment is holding up reasonably well, covering around 1 million units year-to-date, and notwithstanding elevated mortgage interest rates, single-family construction activity continues to be supported by healthy underlying demand for housing, a limited inventory of existing homes on the market and actions taken by the larger public homebuilders to offset affordability challenges. In contrast, the multifamily segment has been more challenged given the significant amount of new supply entering the market this year on top of elevated supply in 2023 and the impact of higher rates on new projects. Moving into the second half of 2024, we're still expecting solid single-family building activity with potential upside if mortgage rates come down as the year progresses. And that's consistent with what we're hearing from our homebuilding customers. In contrast, we expect multifamily to remain soft through year-end and into 2025. Longer term, our view on housing fundamentals continues to be favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to the repair and remodel market. Activity has been softer year-to-date, particularly in the do-it-yourself segment. However, the Professional segment is still holding up relatively well. To a certain extent, persistent inflationary pressures are weighing on consumer sentiment and spending. We're also seeing some near-term headwinds from fewer people buying and selling homes in the current environment. But as we think about the back half of 2024, we are expecting fairly steady repair and remodel activity, albeit at levels below the last several years and would expect demand to increase when interest rates move lower and consumer sentiment improves. And longer term, many of the key drivers supporting solid repair and remodel activity remain intact, including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. So in closing, our teams delivered solid operating performance in the second quarter, and we continue to make meaningful progress on multiyear growth targets to enhance our timberlands portfolio and advance our Natural Climate Solutions business. Although near-term market conditions have moderated, we maintain a constructive longer-term outlook for the demand fundamentals that support growth in housing, repair and remodel and natural climate solutions. And with our unmatched portfolio of assets, our strong balance sheet and disciplined approach to capital allocation, we're well positioned to execute against our strategy and navigate a range of market conditions. We remain relentlessly focused on operational excellence and innovation and are committed to serving our customers and delivering superior long-term value for our shareholders. So with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, maybe I'll answer your second question first and then get back to how we got to the 5% to 10%. As we look at the lumber business, and this is frankly true for all of our businesses. One of the things that we've really been focused on over the last several years is really aligning our businesses for the cyclical nature of our industry. And so what does that mean? Well, it means strengthening the balance sheet, which we've done a tremendous amount of work on that, very strong balance sheet. But it's really focused on making sure that your operations are low cost and can weather these dips that you see from time to time in these markets. And we've been really focused on that with all of the OpEx work that we've done. I think you can see that in our relative operating performance, industry-leading margins across all of our businesses. And we're very focused on that in good times and in more challenging times. In that way, you don't have to take as dramatic action when you see some of these more challenging markets like we're seeing in lumber. So that's what we're focused on all the time, whether lumber prices are high or low, because I think that's the way that you win in commodity markets. And as we see the market today, obviously, and particularly lumber, it's a little bit more challenged. With the pullback that we've seen on multifamily and repair and remodel, that's created an imbalance in supply and demand in the market. And so you're seeing that in the pricing environment. The 5% to 10%, that's really us looking out at the market. We're always looking to balance our supply with our customer demand. We look at the integrated nature of our model to see where -- where do we have opportunities to create value and where do we need to dial back a little bit. And so as we look into the third quarter, obviously, the New Bern mill had some unique situation there just because of the cost structure at that mill and the size. But outside of that, it's really just trying to balance the demand from our customers, maintaining the right inventory levels and really seeking to drive the most earnings that we can in this current environment. I will say, it's important to remember we're at a price right now that is essentially making most of the market underwater. That's not going to last forever. At some point, you are going to see more action taken, prices will come up and then we'll be back in a more sustainable place for lumber.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take a crack, and Davie, you can come in if I miss anything here. First of all, I would just say we're really excited about these Alabama transactions. This is an opportunity to pick up some very high-quality Timberlands. As we mentioned, in the release. Really, when you look across the entirety of our Southern portfolio from a cash flow per acre standpoint, really it's going to be really at the top of our ownership. So really pleased to get that. As we think about demonstrating and highlighting the value of our underlying timberlands, I think you're -- you're going to look at a couple of different things. Number one, we're going to continue to get investors out into the timberlands. We did that last year. I think that was a good opportunity for people to see on the ground just the quality of the asset. I do think as we continue to get deeper into this natural climate solutions journey and you start to see some of the work that we've really been putting effort in over the last few years, this is going to start coming to fruition in the years to come. And I think that will be a great way to highlight some of this alternative value. And I'll just use solar as an example, that's been an area that's been particularly attractive. That's a nice healthy uplift over timberland values. And we've already got agreements signed up on over 130,000 acres. So we need that solar capacity to be installed and come to fruition and you're going to start seeing that cash flow hitting the P&L over time. And that will be a way that we can really demonstrate the uplift from all of this work on alternative values. But it's an important part of what we need to do to -- to really educate our investment community on the value opportunity within this portfolio.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I get you. It's mostly on the price side. And the dynamic that we have at play right now in the West, I mean, it continues to be a very tensioned market. And under most circumstances, you're going to see pretty strong log pricing in the West. And we've seen that over the years. The challenge that we have at the moment is with lumber prices where they are, we're just kind of bumping up against the ceiling where mills can still make money. And frankly, I think a lot of them are not currently. And so what that's doing is it's causing the mills to run at reduced postures across the West. And so that is really reducing the amount of takeaway. Now we're still moving the volume because we have a strong customer base, but our ability to raise prices in this environment is pretty challenged. And when you look at the Japan pricing, which is kind of second most important here, that typically tracks what's going on in the domestic market. You always get a premium to domestic prices. But those 2 are correlated. And so the ability to really raise prices in Japan is somewhat limited both by the domestic dynamic. But also, as Davie mentioned in his script, the challenges with the yen right now are making that a little bit -- a little bit tougher as well. So it's really on the price side as much as anything. That's what's going on with EBITDA in the West.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean there have been several billion board feet that have been added over the last several years. I would just note when you look at capacity across North America as a whole, it's been pretty stable over the last several years. But to your specific question around production, I think what we're seeing -- and again, it's hard to say for sure, but certainly, from our log customer standpoint, we're definitely seeing reduced production across the U.S. South. And by the way, that's true in the Northwest and this true in British Columbia, I believe, as well. Hard to dimension it just because we don't have that level of insight into our competitors' operating rates, but it's certainly down relative to where it would be in a normalized condition. I would say the 2 things from an overall supply-demand dynamic, I think, that are important to remember 2 in the South are number one, treated lumber is a pretty big market in the South for Southern Yellow Pine. That's probably been down mid- to high single digits this year from best we can tell and then multifamily just because there is a lot of multifamily activity that's been going on that uses Southern Yellow Pine, that obviously has been down quite a bit this year. So I think the combination of that incremental capacity coming in to the south as well as those 2 components being down has really put some pressure on Southern Yellow Pine. Now I will say just again, over time, what's going to happen is you're going to continue to see SPF coming out of the market. And you've seen a lot of rationalization over the last few years. And what's going on in the market today is Southern Yellow Pine is just kind of pushing into some of those markets that have historically been SPF, but that's going to take a little time to fully play out.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it's probably down in a similar range. As you know, it's hard to get really tight numbers in the repair and remodel market. So you kind of have to piece it together from our different customers and some other anecdotal. But that's kind of where we're thinking mid- to high single on the DIY side.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So Q2 for lumber, we were kind of in the low 80% range for OSB, call it, mid-90s and for EWP, low 80s.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I'd say a couple of things, and I'm going to differentiate here between the West and the South. In the West right now, obviously, realizations are down relative to where they've been over the last several years. And a normalized lumber environment, I would expect higher log realizations in the West. So we still feel good about the overall dynamic for pricing in the West outside of these unique circumstances that we're in right now in the lumber market. So you should see a nice pickup in log realizations out of the west when things normalize. In the South, we have been adding timberlands here over the last several years as part of our $1 billion program, and you're going to start seeing that reflected in harvest volumes in the years to come. And so that's a component. We do think, again, outside of the situation that we're in today, where lumber markets are challenged. In those geographies where we've seen new capacity come in, we do expect to see log prices go up over time. We're also very focused, as we've talked about before, on growing our export business out of the U.S. South. And it's still a small component right now, but I'm pretty excited about some of the opportunities in India and Vietnam. And I think we're really looking to grow that over time, which is a component. And then again, just the Natural Climate Solutions piece, I think as you look out over the next 5, 10, 15 years, one of the things you're really going to see PAUSE is the alternative values that are inherent in a timber portfolio are going to start materializing in a much greater way. And whether that's solar, wind, carbon, carbon capture and storage, real estate development, mitigation banking conservation. There are a lot of different things that you can do on a land-based like ours. We've got a whole team that's really focused on identifying and capturing that value. We're still in the early stages, but you're going to really start to see that materialize in a more meaningful way in the years to come. And so that's -- when we look out into the future, obviously, we're going to continue to focus on having the lowest log and haul costs we do today, and we will, I think, in the future because we're super focused on it. I think we'll see some upside on log prices, but we're also very focused on creating alternative values off the land base. So that's what gives us confidence that this program to acquire timberlands is going to develop nicely and create a lot of value for our stakeholders over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean as you say, this is a product line that's primarily focused on single family. And so that's -- that's held up reasonably well, and that's given us the ability to continue to move product and keep prices relatively steady. And that's our expectation by and large, for Q3 as well. Look, if single-family fell off dramatically, would we see some additional price pressure for EWP, of course. But that's not our base case. We think that single-family is going to hold up reasonably well. It's a competitive marketplace. We've got some solid competitors. They make a nice product as well. But I think the Trust Choice brand does carry a premium in the market. We do a lot in terms of customer support to make sure that we are taking care of our customers. We think in a unique way that provides us with a competitive advantage. And so I think we'll fare well regardless of what's going on in the market. But as long as single-family housing holds up I think we should be just fine from an EWP standpoint.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I think that it's certainly a component. And there's no question, we have seen a bifurcated market with interest rates being where they are. The ability for the bigger builders to buy down rates is a meaningful competitive advantage in this market. So yes, I think that certainly impacted overall new home construction activity. However, I don't think it's 1 for 1 in terms of for every house that a small builder doesn't build it just doesn't get built because the big builders are just taking market share. And you can certainly see that over the last few years. Now the good news, I think, is as rates come down and as those smaller builders are again able to compete on a little bit more equal footing. I think that is another increment that can come back into the market.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, in terms of operating rates, in Q1, it was -- there was a little bit of a reliability issue. Some of that was weather related. It was pretty minor in the grand scheme of things. Right now, we are operating at kind of that low 80%. That's more or less what we're expecting for Q3 as well. We can dial that up a little bit if markets improve, but we're really just trying to kind of keep that production in line with what we see as customer demand. So this is the rate we're going to be running at here until we see a meaningful pickup in activity. In terms of what's the inflection point, we're going to need to see a little bit more housing activity. If we can get up to 1.1 or north of that on the single-family side, I think -- it doesn't take a whole lot to see the EWP market tension up. So you don't need all that much more. But again, even in this current environment, we can, I think, do pretty well on the CWP business. It's important to remember, obviously, we've seen prices come down a little bit from the pandemic highs, but when you look at where EWP pricing is relative to history, it's still very strong.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, a couple of things. Good question. So a couple of things I'd note. First of all, when we talk about black at the bottom, it is important to note that our Wood Products segment as a whole certainly has been black at the bottom. But with respect to lumber specifically, no question. This has been a very challenging pricing environment. Recently, we've seen lumber prices at multiyear lows, and this has been a challenge for the lumber industry as a whole. I would say that's particularly true for our Northwest and British Columbia operations where even though we do have low-cost mills, the log costs have remained elevated relative to the lower lumber prices. But just a few things for context when we think about what's going on. So first, our mill set overall is positioned very well on the cost curve. And you can see that, I think, in our relative performance. even, obviously, we're not pleased with where EBITDA has been in lumber, but relative to the rest of the industry, I think we've demonstrated where we sit on the cost curve. Second, I think we can and should be black at the bottom, even at these prices in our southern operations and in Alberta. And I think, look, it's important to remember that pricing is not going to stay at levels where much of the industry is underwater forever. And so we're ultimately going to see a pickup in pricing for lumber, at which point, certainly, we'll be back in the bottom -- back in the black as a system. But in the interim, we're going to keep focusing on costs and OpEx and running our operations efficiencies to navigate efficiently to navigate the market dip and overcome some of these headwinds. In terms of our operating posture as we said, we're going to be down 5% to 10%. That's where we think just with our cost structure, our customer base, where we think that makes sense. And look, others will make the decisions based on their operations and their cost structure. But ultimately, you're not going to sit in a place where prices are below cash breakeven for most of the industry.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things on that. As we think about Q3 for us, we're expecting, you know, essentially comparable to Q2 from a volume standpoint, sales volume standpoint, from a realization standpoint, we'll see kind of how the quarter progresses, but things feel reasonably steady right now. When you look into Q4, as you mentioned, there is going to be some new capacity coming on. And so we'll see what that does to the market. It is important to remember when new capacity really comes on, it does take a while for them to get really fully into production. So the ramp-up period will take some time. I would also note PAUSE historically, Q3 and Q4 are times where much of the industry takes some of their annual maintenance downtime. So that may mitigate some of that new volume coming to market just from a Q4 standpoint, but overall, if we have more volume hitting the market unless demand picks up, that is going to put some downward pressure on pricing. Now the good news, at least from my standpoint, is our base case is that rates are going to come down at some point. And when you look pretty much everywhere in the U.S. and North America, there are housing shortages everywhere. And so it's really just -- and I can't tell you exactly what the mortgage rate needs to be to kind of unleash that level of building activity, but it's going to come at some point, at which point, I think the OSB market is going to need that extra supply. So we'll see there may be a moment in time where it gets a little out of balance. But over the longer term, I think OSB should be a pretty strong business.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, obviously, we don't have visibility into our competitors' cost structure, but if you raise the duty from 8% to 14%, that's just yet another headwind for producers that are moving lumber into the U.S. market. So we'll see what happens in terms of whether that triggers additional capacity decisions or not. But directionally, that could ultimately be helpful. But we'll see.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean the nice thing about solar is there's a tremendous amount of demand. The flip side is it takes these solar projects a while to work through the system. So -- we're going to have solar development start coming online this year. First 1 is back half of this year and then you add, call it, several year and they just continue to build. And so the pipeline will grow over time, and you're going to start seeing that cash flow hit our income statement. But it's -- unfortunately, it's slow going just the process to move these things through the pipeline.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. That's a good question. I think when we look at the overall market, I think the opportunity that we see in the future is probably larger than back when we first set out that target, which is natural to some extent as these things continue to mature. I think the time line on several of these different businesses has probably been a little longer than we expected. And that's particularly true around carbon capture and storage. I think that's going to be a big business. But the process to get through all of the permitting, that's just taken a little bit longer than we would have expected. I still have a lot of confidence that ultimately, those are going to be a nice revenue generator. Solar, probably there's been more demand than we had expected. I think the time line, unfortunately, hasn't dramatically shortened relative to when we kick this off. And I do think just from an overall public policy standpoint, we do need to figure out a way to get these solar projects through the pipeline quicker. But the demand level is extremely high. So we feel good about that. I think mitigation banking is another area where we've seen probably a little bit more demand than we had originally anticipated. So that might be a bigger component of that initial $100 million than we originally anticipated. And I think Forest Carbon is we're seeing growing levels of support. We had the Biden administration that came out in support of voluntary carbon markets, SBTI came out talking about voluntary credits for Scope 3 emissions. You've seen a variety of commentary from the environmental community and support. So I feel like that's -- that's growing in momentum. And when we talk to customers for forest carbon, there's a significant amount of demand as long as you can get over that credibility hurdle. And I feel like we're making good progress there. So I think that's another market that we're pretty excited about. And you're going to really start to see that hit in a more material way next year in terms of the income stream coming off of Forest Carbon. So overall So that flows through typically at a little bit higher price and just kind of commodity OSB. And then lastly, we typically have a higher mix of high-value product relative to sheeting, which helps our overall realizations relative to at random links. And it's really those three things typically.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, absolutely. I mean that OSB web stock, I mean it typically because it is all supplied internally, it's on a 13-week rolling average. So it does roll through. But absolutely, that is a tailwind for margins as you see OSB prices come down for the EWP business.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
David Wold: Yes. And I would just add to that, I think this really just demonstrates the beauty of our flexible cash return framework as we think about all the options that are available to us. We're continuing to, of course, provide our base dividend to investors, but we're also able to invest in our business, complete attractive share repurchase activity through the cycle when others may not be in a position to do so. So when markets inevitably improve, we'll be well positioned to take advantage of that position. So we can continue to evaluate all the options that are available to us and will ultimately allocate our capital in the way that creates the most value for shareholders.
David Wold: Yes. Thanks, George. I mean obviously, the dividend is a Board decision, but the ability to increase that base dividend is supported by ongoing increases to our sustainable cash flow generation. So to your point, those timberland acquisitions we announced yesterday, the growth in the Natural Climate Solutions business, all of those things help support our ongoing cash flow generation. And so that's ultimately what's going to support that growth in the dividend over time. But I'd also point out, it's not just those things. We also have improvements we've made over time in our capital structure, debt paydown, refinancing, share repurchase, of course, helps contribute towards that, as does OpEx and innovation, the things that we're doing every single day to help make sure we have the right cost structure across our business. I'd say we've modeled a number of different scenarios and feel very confident in our ability to increase our base dividend even in challenging market conditions.
David Wold: Yes. Of course, Amir. We -- it's pretty limited in terms of what we're underwriting today in terms of that upside over time. But as we've seen in the transactions that we've acquired in the Carolinas, and Mississippi and other spots over the last few years, we continue to see a lot more opportunities than we had originally anticipated as we bring those into our portfolio. And so certainly, that's true on the Natural Climate Solutions business, but it's also true as we think about the synergies that we identify in terms of putting them into our operating footprint and really just running those timberlands over time.
David Wold: Yes, Anthony, just starting on the New Bern, again, I'd remind you that, that's relatively small mill, 100 million board feet and capacity. So there are some fixed costs coming out, but it's going to be relatively immaterial in the broader context. So that's what I would say there. In regard to lumber as a whole, I think that's probably a fair statement in terms of if pricing holds where it's at today, probably relatively comparable, But of course, I do think that there's some reason to think that prices could come up as the quarter progresses.
Mark Weintraub: Just maybe a little bit more on Natural Climate Solutions. So you mentioned 70 solar projects, 130,000 acres. When do those -- can you give a sense when those options expire when you might expect you to start seeing more cash coming in related to those deals.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And so now we're kind of a couple of years into -- after you're having provided that $100 million EBITDA target for Natural Climate Solutions, how things played out differently, better, worse than you expected? And maybe start there.
Mark Weintraub: That's helpful. Maybe just relatedly, so when we think about the EWP business, we've got OSB prices coming down, at least the commodity price is coming down very substantially. Does that flow through into higher margins for your EWP business or not necessarily as much as you would think.
