Doyle Simons: Thank you Russell. Our second quarter financial performance was the strongest in over a decade and I’m incredibly proud of the effort our teams have put into achieving these results. They reflect several years of hard work to capture OpEx opportunities. Improved relative performance in each of our businesses and position us to capitalize on the markets we are experiencing today. At the same time, we have significant runway ahead; our operational excellence work is not complete and with favorable housing fundamentals, strong market outlook and a relentless focus on improving our relative performance. We will be well-positioned to derive as much value as possible for shareholders. And now, I would like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle Simons: Sure, let me talk about our how we think about capital allocation and our financial priorities. And first and foremost as we talk about as returning cash to shareholders. As you alluded to, as we continue to capitalize on strong marketing conditions and our OpEx improvements we are generating lot of cash. We are committed to returning cash to shareholders, primarily through a growing dividend. But also through opportunistic share repurchase as Russell just mentioned in last week or so we have repurchased $75 million of shares and we will continue to work very closely with our Board to review opportunities to continue to return cash to shareholders through a growing dividend, share repurchase or both. In terms of other uses, we are our CapEx is going to be roughly $420 million this year, probably similar level next year and then it will start to trend down. We will also look for growth opportunities. Anthony and as we said, those would be primarily in Timberland where we will be very disciplined in finding opportunities that we think create incremental shareholder value on a go forward basis. And with our land base that allows us to be very disciplined and very choosy as to what opportunities we look at from a growth perspective. And then finally in terms of capital allocation and you alluded to, it’s we are committed to maintain a strong balance sheet, but our balance sheet is in very good shape currently.
Doyle Simons: So in terms of the CapEx, Anthony as you know we are about $300 million this year, I would anticipate a similar number next year and then start to trend down probably an ongoing number round numbers would be in the 250 range in terms of in terms of CapEx. In terms of additional opportunities, we will continue to find opportunities to spend capital in our wood product operation primarily to focus on driving - continuing to drive down cost and some of that $250 million will be spent on exactly those type of projects. In terms of black at the bottom and to just remind everybody what that is, when you go back and re-create the situation that occurred back in the last downturn. So we modeled that and we figure out what our cost structure needed to be to, if we have that type of situation again which none of us anticipate or hoped that we do. But if we do go through another recession that level, we wanted to make sure that our wood products operation would be positive cash flow and by the end of 2018, when we accomplish our $40 million to $60 million of OpEx we will be at the level where we would be black at the bottom if we went back into what we refer to as the great recession.
Doyle Simons: So, as you just referenced, we are experiencing cost inflation, its primarily related to fuel and transportation, labor and input costs are also rising but to a much lesser extent. Just to give you a sense, those cost owned from a fuel and transportation were up less than $5 million in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So there are numbers, but we are doing everything we can to manage those and offset those that primarily through our OpEx efforts and things like improving our efficiency, our truck scheduling, capital and non-capital improvements to efficiency, of our materials usage all those type of things are things we are focused on to track to offset the inflationary costs that we are experiencing and probably will continue to experience for the next few quarters.
Doyle Simons: Sure and we have spent a lot of time thinking about this and let me kind of give your our perspective on what has happened in the lumber market this year. So if you start back in Q1 we had late inventories, we had continued growth and demand driven by housing that was partially offset by weather, you had supply constraints primarily due to transportation, so you had a positive pricing environment and prices worked nicely in the first quarter as we all know. You then moved into the second quarter, did have lean inventories, had strong demand driven by continued improvement in housing and seasonality, you had continued supply challenges, although the transportation got better late in the second quarter, but in the second quarter you had a very positive pricing environment and prices were up sharply. As we moved into the third quarter, inventories were still in good shape, but we had slower demand seasonally, we had the transportation challenges abating, resulting in more supply. So, not surprisingly pricing is pulling back which is normal seasonally. Looking forward to your point. While we continue to see some volatility, we anticipate the remainder of 2018 and 2019 that lumber prices will continue to be at favorable levels supported by lean inventories, strong U.S. housing demand and a lagging industry supply response. And in connection with what's happening right now as Russell said in his comments, prices are solved we anticipate that they will stabilize over the next few weeks and that's what we have built into our third quarter projections.
Doyle Simons: We heard some of that. You got to remember that you know only roughly 2% of the cost of a new house is attributable to lumber prices. So while I think it may have some effect on the margin both when it’s up and when its down, I don’t think that’s a big catalyst for what happens on the housing starts our housing sales numbers.
Doyle Simons: Well I think it’s all the things or some of the things that you just referred to. If you are talking specifically about housing George, it just is the demographics, it’s the wages, it’s all the things that ultimately drive demand for housing and all of those continue to be very positive. We spend a lot of time with our home builders, customers and they continue to be positive and are seeing good activity. If you are talking about the lumber OSB, I have learned anything and I think you know nice way is - what you say is the nice way of saying. I have been around a long time and I’m getting old and that’s correct. [Technical Difficulty]. The one thing I have learned George and I think you learned as well, the supply and demand ultimately is what matters and if you just look at, let’s just take lumber for example while there is additional supply coming on the south. The additional supply that is coming overall from a lumber overall prospective is less than its going to be needed to meet the demand if housing continues to grow with the rates we think is going to and supply and demand ultimately matters and that’s why we made the comments, I made it little bit earlier that we feel optimistic about lumber prices being generally favorable for the foreseeable future.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, George, what I would tell you on operating rate is for the first half of the year lumbers run in the mid 90s pretty much flat, OSBs running in the mid 90 and ELP lowing running in the high 80s low 90s. And I would anticipate continued strong markets as we talked about and those type of rates going forward, excluding our scheduled maintenance, of course including scheduled maintenance of our Grayling mill being down the entire third quarter as we had previously announced. In terms of your last question regarding additional capacity coming online and what the impact that has on labor. Labor is a constant struggle, it’s something we spend a lot of time on, we feel like we have done a pretty good job on finding that labor that we need, but as additional capacity comes online that will continue to be a challenge going forward. I think to your other question George referenced what we think is going to happen with lumber and OSB prices and what we deem, but moderately I guess I would say as I think as we said earlier, we do think and had built into our third quarter numbers that prices will stabilize over the next few weeks. So that’s kind of what we have built in. I think it’s also important to realize, we are talking about averages-to-averages. So if you look at it right now our third quarter to-date averages, lumber and OSB are basically in line with the second quarter. Now clearly spot prices are down as we have talked about, but if you look at quarter-to-quarter I think it's important that you realize that there is some averaging that happens there in terms of what we built into those numbers.
Doyle Simons: Yes. Gail as you said, at least in the last week the decline has accelerated. So we are not yet seeing signs of that, but as we step back and look at supply and demand fundamentals we are and who knows right, but we are hopeful and we do anticipate that prices will stabilize. If they don't then we will need to adjust the numbers for that. Based on everything we know today prices ran up more than I think anybody anticipated in the second quarter, they are now recalibrating, we will see where that is, but fundamental supply and demand balance has not changed other than the timing issues.
Doyle Simons: I think in the south Gail, our sense of what is happening there, there is a lot of additional capacity that you know that’s been announced, but it's taking a while to get that built and get that fully up and running. So I think that number will continue to grow as we move forward, but it’s just going to take a little time to get there.
Doyle Simons: Yes. You know we are, we are encouraged about what we have seen, some of the pockets where new mills has started up and there is a mill and Weyerhaeuser, Mississippi where it started up and we have seen some tension in there and then in Georgia there's a couple mills that have been specifically announced not yet started, but we have seen some tensioning in that wood basket. So we are starting to see pocket tensioning and with that gets where additional capacity is either come online or been announced.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So there had been some headlines regarding labor relations, we are negotiating with our labor union housing in the West, we are continuing to work with union leaders and we look forward to reaching an agreement on that front.
Doyle Simons: You know Collin as we said, we are generating a lot of cash in the Company. Right now we are spending a lot of time with our Board regarding how to best deploy that cash, as Russell talked about we have bought $75 million of shares back and will continue to work with our Board regarding the proper level of a dividend going forward. Southern Saw Log will be a factor, clearly that is considered an important factor, but it’s just one of many factors that we and the Board think about regarding the appropriate dividend level going forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes, we are encouraged by what we see in EWP, as you know Collin we had a price increase announced in early 2018, we have captured about half of that, we anticipate capturing the other half through the fourth quarter. Demand continues to be good for that for that product, our teams have done a really nice job of figuring out ways to lower cost and run more efficiently and more effectively in our EWP operations that were encouraged by what we have accomplished, but we think we still have some runway ahead of us.
Doyle Simons: Sure and I will try to do that, it is important. What I would tell you is Japanese demand remains steady, log inventories are moderate, post in being - while general housing starts are down I think 4% year-to-date post in being which is our market is relatively stable, I think down 1%, 1.5% so far this year. Our outlook for third quarter is for stable volumes and slightly lower pricing and the other thing you should probably start to think about is there is another consumption tax increase scheduled for the fall of 2019 and we do typically see some demand pull forward and advance of such increases, assuming that actually plays out. So that’s kind of how we think about Japan.
Doyle Simons: Yes, we are encouraged by what is happening in the Southern exports markets. We are continuing to grow our export business out of the south. as you know, we have been exporting Southern yellow pine from the Atlantic coast, that’s the India and China and then early this month in July we expanded our operations by starting up another program out of the Gulf South and fiscally New Orleans, where we are shipping to China from New Orleans. As we had originally said, we expect to triple the size of our export program in 2018 versus 2017 and we are on track to do that and as you look further out we think there's potential for significant additional upside as we move into 2019 and beyond.
Doyle Simons: Yes. I would say from inventory levels it’s kind of lean to normal, in that range is how I would characterize from a distribution perspective.
Doyle Simons: You know what I would say is I think from a weather perspective and some other things that there has been challenges in your part of the world and the East if break it down between the East and West as we do, the West has been strong, the East has been a little weak. I think overtime that will rectify itself Mark, but you're right the numbers look a little out of sync, but I think is more of a timing and weather related issues than anything fundamental.
Doyle Simons: Mark good question and I think short-term, not medium-term or long-term, but short-term, there is a possibility for divergence for the reasons you outlined, there has been additional capacity that’s come online, it’s been slower to come online than anybody expect it, but it seems to now be happening. So I think in the in the very short term, you could see as we have said all along when it comes on it tends to be lumpy and you could see one of those lumps happening in the short-term. But if you look at it longer term essentially demand is growing at about a billion board feet a year, the plant is ramping up at roughly the same rate. Yes you are going to have these times where it gets chunky and you have a big chunk coming on at the same time, but if you just sit back again like I said in lumber and look at the supply and demand equation and the amount of growth and the amount of supply that’s coming online operating rates very high. It feels like we should experience favorable pricing for OSB going forward.
Doyle Simons: And Chip we are confident of weighing the benefit of share repurchase versus potential acquisitions as a constant analysis that we do and we will continue to do because just as Russell said it’s all tied together and we are trying to figure out how to allocate capital to create the most value for shareholders going forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So Paul, I think they will, all of them are strong work, but I think nearly all of them and I think we probably will see additional announcement as we move forward just because we as an industry are going to need the additional supply to meet the demand. So pretty encouraged by what we see there. And like I said I think nearly all of the ones that have been announced will in fact happen, and we could even have additional announcements as we move forward. With that said, I think to your second point and it’s going to take longer than most people factored in to get those up and fully running. Fortunately our two big projects Dierks and Millport were kind of ahead of the curve. So were able to secure the contractors and as you know we will be starting both of those up fairly shortly and in good shape. But I can tell you, in talking to contractors and just getting filled for order files. They are full, they are very full. So as a result, I think some of our competitors who have announced these mills it’s potentially going to take longer and maybe cost a little more than they originally anticipated.
Doyle Simons: If I understand it that is our last question. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call and for your interest in Weyerhaeuser and hope everybody has a good day and good weekend. Thank you.
Collin Mings: Going back to Anthony’s question just on capital allocation front. Just as you think about the affirmation strength in wood products the balance sheet and the progress toward the black of the bottom initiative has the thinking regarding tying a more sizable dividend bump to southern log prices evolved at all.
Collin Mings: Okay. Switching over to wood products, recognizing there is some seasonality, but on EDP just how you think about the sustainability of kind of recent EBITDA generation from that segment in particular, because again it’s a very strong results during the quarter and kind of some - strength there.
Collin Mings: Okay and than just one last one for me, I will turn it over. Just can you expand on prepared remarks on Japan, it appears wooden construction starts there have been trending down year-over-year for several months. Just what are you doing from your customers in our market, how they responded is really the shrink in log prices in the specific North West over the last several months. Just if you could put a little bit more color on the Japan business just given how format is your export platform.
Russell Hagen: Mark this is Russell. There is no constraints as far as us being able to expand our ownership in the West.
Russell Hagen: Well I mean the West is very attractive given where current log prices are at and where timber values are, but the South is also very attractive from the long-term investment perspective. So we look at both of those areas very closely. As Doyle mentioned we are in really every wood basket in the United States and we are very familiar with all the transactions that are out there and we look at everything if it makes sense and add shareholder value we will pursue them.
Russell Hagen: So this is Russell. As far as our real estate business. We do have some tie-in but it’s just a cyclical nature of the housing market as we see some of our properties go into more - sold to developers, but a lot of our real estate activity is driven by higher and better uses of recreational uses, conservation uses, alternatives to commercial type timber operations. So while we do see a little bit of that. I think the overall trend really sits with the availability of discretionary spending from the buy side, we are seeing strong markets in the South and in the West for the for our real estate program.
Russell Hagen: You know our target is for $250 million of EBITDA from the real estate, energy and natural resources business and we have really positioned this business to run it for the long term. And so as we mentioned, we have gone through our ABO process, which is really our methodology of identifying that subset of bakers that have a higher value than commercial Timberland operations, and we position our portfolio really to sell through over the next 10 to 15 years. So Mark I think that's going to be a steady-state business with some upside as we see continued pricing appreciation.
Russell Hagen: Mark this is Russell. Yes that’s correct. We just generate more income in our taxable REIT subsidiary basically the wood products business, but the full year guidance is still 11% to 13%.
Russell Hagen: So this is Russell. Cash generation. We did have a strong quarter and it is our strongest quarter. I would say it's pretty consistent with our prior year trends as far as how that cash flow generation will look going forward; as far as the share repurchase you know as Doyle said, we are committed to the return on the cash flow there, and we will do this either through dividends and share repurchases. So we have an opportunity in July to get into the market and by 75 million worth of shares and this is part of overall capital allocation strategy. So whether it would be dividends or share repurchase or investing in a business they are all tied together.
Russell Hagen: So to be very clear on this, what we said was that the impact from the grayling being down for the entire quarter on EBITDA would be $25 million. We also said that volume out of OSB would be 10% less than it was a year ago, based on grayling being down for the quarter.
Russell Hagen: So Steve this is Russell. So we have plenty of room in our REIT overall retail some income and assets has even with the elevated income generation in the taxable subsidiary, so that's not a concern of ours.
Russell Hagen: Yes this is Russell. As far as the wood products portfolio, we are very happy with the way its configured and set that it has with Timberland. As far as expanding even further downstream onto CLT or some of these other emerging wood products businesses, again we were very focused on what we do well, in each one of our wood products businesses were performing very well. We definitely welcome the emergence of those new products in the industry is CLT will pull on lumber demand, which also improves overall log demand. But it's not an area that we would expand into readily.
