Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning, I will make a few comments on the housing and repair remodel markets. Notwithstanding a slight decrease from the prior quarter, U.S. housing activity remains strong in the Third Quarter, with total housing starts and permits averaging around 1.6 million units on a seasonally-adjusted basis. Although housing starts in 2021 continue at a strong pace, the cycle time between starts and completions has extended as home builders continue to experience supply chain and labor availability challenges. Despite these headwinds, our customers tell us they continue to expect strong demand for new home construction for the balance of 2021.  The latest new home sales number released earlier this week further reinforces our positive view on the current state of the housing market. With favorable long-term demand fundamentals, including a decade of under-building favorable demographics, we continue to have a bullish outlook on U.S. housing activity well into the future. Turning to repair and remodel, we've continued to see strength in large professional projects over the course of 2021 and expect that to continue for the balance of the year and into 2022. And while we did see some softening in the smaller do-it-yourself segment during the summer, demand has improved significantly coming out of Labor Day, and we've continued to see strong demand from the repair and remodel segment through October.  Overall, we continue to have a favorable long-term outlook for repair and remodel activity, supported by numerous demand drivers, including an aging housing stock, rising home equity, and low interest rates. Finally, we hope you had the opportunity to participate in our Virtual Investor Day on September 22nd, where we outlined a series of multiyear strategic growth targets, including growing our Timberlands portfolio, growing our new Natural Climate Solutions business, and organically growing our lumber business. We also announced several capital allocation actions and enhanced our ESG leadership by releasing our carbon record and announcing new greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Our strategy, as we outlined at Investor Day, is simple.  We intend to grow the value of our portfolio, improve our cash flows, build on our competitive advantage in the marketplace, and solidify Weyerhaeuser as a premier ESG investment opportunity. These actions will ensure that we drive superior returns for our investors, including returning meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders through our growing base dividend, a variable supplemental dividend, and opportunistic share repurchases. All while continuing to invest in our businesses and maintain an appropriate capital structure. We're excited about the future of Weyerhaeuser, and we're well-positioned to capitalize on strong macro trends driving continued growth and demand for our products and new opportunities for our businesses.  Before turning to questions, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize and thank Beth Baum for her leadership of our Investor Relations team over the last several years. We're greatly appreciative of Beth's contributions to our IR function and look forward to our next opportunity at the Company. With Beth's transition, Andy Taylor has assumed the lead role of our Investor Relations program. Andy joined Weyerhaeuser in October of last year, after an 18-year career in the energy industry, where he served a numerous leadership roles, including Investor Relations. He's been a great addition to the Weyerhaeuser team and we're really excited to have him taking on this new role. So now I would like to open up the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. So I think at present, is we think about inventories across the channel, I would categorize them, generally speaking, for lumber and OSB as anywhere from normal to perhaps a bit lean in certain areas, I think with respect to the treaters and to some extent the home improvement warehouses, they are more or less than normal inventory levels for this time of year. I think in some of the dealers, perhaps a little lean in spots. On EWP, really, that's pretty tight across the system, so I don't think there's a whole lot of inventory there. And that's generally the case for us as well. We're sort of normal to perhaps a little light in certain spots in terms of Wood Products.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, I'd say at a high level, there have been a lot of challenges from a supply chain standpoint and that really cuts across really all aspects of the supply chain. The big one that I think has been a challenge for everyone, has been on the transportation side, and that's trucking, particularly in the U.S. South. It's been a real challenge, that bleeds over into rail, in many instances, all the way to the export side and finding shipping containers. So really anything having to do with transportation is a real challenge right now.  As you think about other aspects of the supply chain, labor is a challenge in many spots. You read a lot about that, I think it's impacting pretty much every industry, ours is no different. So labor challenges, really to us, that's made us a little bit be more challenged in terms of running extra hours when we might otherwise have done so. So I think labor issues across the industry continue to be an issue. In terms of some of the inputs resin, it hasn't really impacted our operations to date, but certainly, there is a tightness in terms of resin availability and I think that's impacted the industry as a whole. The other one I would call out really is veneer, and that's been a challenge as well. So really, there are impacts across the entirety of the supply chain, and I think that's really why we're so pleased with the work our team has done in navigating some of those challenges and delivering the results that we were able to deliver in Q3.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you really touched on it, George, and -- and the reality is the OpEx work that we've been doing for a long time has been a core part of our strategy. That's -- that's really true in any environment, but I think particularly in an environment where we are seeing inflationary pressures, that work is just absolutely
Devin Stockfish: critical, and so kudos to the teams for all the work they're doing to, again, manage through some of the supply chain challenges, really try to battle some of the inflationary pressures. And we're going to continue to do that. We didn't mention that on the script. But certainly we do plan to meet our $50 to $75 million OpEx target for the year, which I'll just say that's a -- that's a really high hurdle given the inflationary environment that we are seeing. So it really just goes back to operational expenses George. And really what we are doing on the up front to make sure that we are -- we are driving cost out wherever we can and delivering for our customers.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, I wouldn't want to be any more precise than just to say that we were confident that we'll be within that range.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah Yes, George, I mean, when you build it up, we're talking about comparable EBITDA from the Timberlands standpoint. It is going to be lower for the real estate. But again, up to the 290 that we guided to. And then on the Wood Products side, as we said, we're thinking [Indiscernible] lumber and OSB prices, which, obviously, we're not going to try to predict, it is going to be higher for the quarter so when you build those up, I think you're not wrong about the operating cash flow, although, like Nancy said, you have to build in CapEx when you're trying to calculate the FAD.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah sure. And that's primarily going into the China and India markets George, in terms of our Southern export. And it's really a combination of a few things. Number 1, particularly in China, there are some overall global supply chain issues, as you mentioned, shipping containers for European wood going into that market have been strained, there's also a ban on Australian logs. And so that's really opened up some opportunities for North American wood and we've really seen that demand spike up, and so that's true for China, but we've also seen the demand going into India. Coming up, we've started shipping into Pakistan, Turkey as well. And so we're just seeing good, strong global demand for logs, and from the Southern
Devin Stockfish: Yeah Mark. Well, you're absolutely right in terms of the timeline for how those pricing increases typically take place, it is over a multi-quarter period. I think the way to think about that though is that just given the dynamics of what's been going on in the market, both with respect to the OSB pricing and some of the other input costs like resin, veneer, etc., we've had a number of price increases over the last year, and so they just sort of have layered on top of each other. And generally speaking, that's the answer, is in this quarter, we saw several of those price increases really start to take hold.  We still have more coming in terms of the previously announced price increases. So Q4 and Q1 we'll see a little bit more. The only thing I would say on that front is, it's always dependent on particular regions and customers, and so we did see perhaps a little bit more in Q3 than you might otherwise think. But generally speaking, the answer is, it's just a number of price increases over the last year that have kind of layered on top of each other.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So certainly that's correct with respect to some of our volume that we sell in the South. So we sell through a variety of methods, including spot prices, which obviously those are reflected real-time. time. But we also do a lot of quarterly pricing which will reflect the prior quarter indexes. And so to the extent you see a run-up, there will be a lag in log pricing in the South.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, Mark. Well, that's the goal. Ultimately, we'd like to build that program to the size where we can transfer that over from the container shipping up to break-bulk. So that's the goal. I think we're making some good progress. We were heading in that direction pre - tariffs a few years ago when we had the trade dispute with China. That set us back a little bit. That was a bit of a headwind there with the size of the tariffs on Southern yellow pine, but as those have come off, we've really been building that program back up. We do see the demand in China for Southern yellow pine growing. I think we will see some interesting dynamics here over the next few years.  1, with the export ban of logs from Russia, I think that will be an interesting dynamic to follow. And then 2, you know, we have seen elevated levels of European logs going into that market after the beetle infestation that we've seen there. Our view is that volume's peaking maybe over the next year or so and then should start to diminish over time. And again, I think that just opens up another opportunity for Southern yellow pine.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I think it'd be hard for me to give that to you right off the top of my head, Mark, we can certainly follow up. But there's no question it's better economics if you can go to break-bulk versus shipping container, and that's true in any market conditions, but particularly right now when you think of the inflationary pressures we've seen on containers, it would be even more so in today's environment. But no question about it, the economics are much better with break-bulk versus container.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So we were really just speaking to EBITDA absent the impact of lumber and OSB sales, which are pricing as you know which we don't try to forecast.
Devin Stockfish: Well, but I think keep in mind right, so if we think about quarter-to-date lumber pricing, they're up just a little bit, but OSB pricing is still down quite a bit relative to Q3. So if you took today's pricing, then obviously it would be lower quarter-over-quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there's always going to be a lag when we talk about our realizations relative to random length, because the order files that we have and OSB that creates a lag effect. And particularly today where we're targeting at three-to-five-week order file, you're going to see a comparable lagging in terms of pricing relative to what's going on with random links, when we talk about our realizations.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. So I will tell you what we hear from our home builder customers which is, they're going to try to build as many homes as they can. So I think from the standpoint of the demand signal and what they're going to try to do, it's pedal to metal. Now, the caveats to that are really two-fold. One, that largely depends on whether they can manage through the supply chain issues that they've had. So whether they can get windows and doors and paint, etc., I can tell you from our conversations, that continues to be a struggle and there's no doubt that that's held back what we otherwise might have seen from a housing standpoint, so that issue is still out there, and I think will be, to some extent, a governor.  And the other big wildcard is just what goes on with weather. To the extent that you have mild weather, I think you're going to see probably as much homebuilding as you can possibly squeeze into Q4. if we start getting an early winter in the northern regions or you have a lot of rain or other weather events obviously that could impact it. But on balance, we're expecting a strong fourth quarter just given the level of demand that our customers are seeing in the market right now. And I think you can look at just the permitted not yet started number, you can look at the new home sales number that we just saw. There's just a lot of demand out there and the homebuilders are trying to meet that to the extent that they can get the products to do it and manage through the weather issues as we get deeper into the year.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, again, that just goes -- that just goes back to the lag. And when we talk about OSB sales to web -- when we talk about OSB cost for web stock Remember, that is almost exclusively coming from our own OSB business. And so that -- that rolls on, I think, a 12-week kind of rolling average pricing dynamics. So you see -- you see that lag a little bit, but that will show up in Q4.
Devin Stockfish: I would say we are highly confident. We would -- frankly, we wouldn't have said it at Investor Day if we didn't have a high level of confidence in. as we think about how that's going to play out over the next several years. All of that is built up from individual mill level, 5-year capital road-maps, and so we have the projects identified. The vast majority of the projects that are going to make up that incremental production have already been completed at one mill or another. So it's -- we view it as relatively low-risk to continue to execute across these projects that we've by and large already done somewhere else. So that's the long answer. The short answer is we're highly confident in that number.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, it's really just a reflection of some planned maintenance that happens during the year. And so when you look year-over-year, mills will have different quarters, different parts of the year where they'll have planned annual maintenance, and so that's just a reflection of that.
Devin Stockfish: I guess what I would say to that Paul is first and foremost, we're always focused on driving value for our shareholders. And we do that in a number of ways. Managing our portfolio, we've done some transactions on the Timberlands side that we think have increased value. We have a focus on OpEx and I think that showed up in how we've driven industry-leading performance across our businesses. We've taken a number of actions of late to continue to work on the portfolio and improve our performance. We strengthened the Balance Sheet by paying down over a billion dollars of debt. I think our new base plus variable supplemental dividend structure is going to return significant amounts of cash over time.  And we've seen how that's played out this year with the interim supplemental we paid out in October, the sizable supplemental dividend we're going to pay out in Q1 2022. And so from my standpoint as we continue to execute on the long-term growth opportunities that we laid out in Investor Day and achieve those targets. There's no doubt in my mind that's going to make us a better and more valuable Company. And I think as we continue to grow the Company, improve our margins, return cash to shareholders, that value will ultimately be reflected in the stock price over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So without giving specific guidance on 2022 harvest levels, which we'll do when we report Q4 earnings. I will make a few comments by region and starting in the west. So as you think about the western harvest levels relative to history, a few things things to keep in mind. 1. When you think about the harvest levels and 2015 through 2018-time frame, to some extent that was impacted by the Longview timber acquisition that we did back in 2013. And as we said, that had some very mature timber that came along with that acquisition. So our harvest levels were a bit elevated for several years after that acquisition as we work that H-class down to a more normalized level.  So we always expected that to come down a bit over time. We had expected that start going back up, but obviously in 2020, we had a pretty significant fire season in Oregon. And so that impacted the harvest levels both in 2020, but also in 2021 as we worked through some of that salvage volume, but we would expect that to start going back up next year. In the South, we've had a few things going on last couple of years, obviously last year we did defer some harvest volume in the South due to some market conditions and COVID, etc. We had planned to have that going back up by 10% this year, year-over-year. There's just been a really wet year in the South.  A lot of weather events that has really reduced our ability to get out and move wood in some of those weather events. And so we're able to catch some of that up, but I do think to the point you just made one of the challenges that we have in fully catching that up is just some of the availability of contracting loggers and tracking availability. So I would say on the margins that's probably hindered a little bit our ability to ramp up to make up for some of that loss production in kind of the wetter months here. But again, we do expect that to start going back up next year, and we'll give more fulsome and clear guidance on harvest levels when we report for Q4.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. You mentioned 2 of the big ones; what's going to happen with residential construction? What's going to happen from a repair and remodel standpoint? We're pretty bullish on both of those fronts. I think some other things that come into play, obviously, to the extent that we continue to see supply chain disruptions, that can impact the availability of wood into the market, which, obviously, can have an impact on pricing. Labor availability, I would put in that mix to the extent that the industry can't find enough labor to run the middle expo, that can have an impact on overall supply and that can impact the market.  I do think there are a few things that are also coming into play to some extent, one of which is depending on what happens with the infrastructure bill that I think could drive some incremental demand for wood, both from a lumber standpoint, plywood, OSB, etc. to the extent that that ultimately gets passed. And then just we do continue to see more and more momentum around wood-based building, tall buildings, mass timber CLT, etc. So that could be another tailwind as well. So overall, I think we have a pretty optimistic view of what things are going to look like in the Wood Products market over the next couple of years.
Devin Stockfish: Well, we've seen a pretty dramatic run-up in pricing on the export side. and even when you take into consideration the increased transportation costs to get those logs to market, it still represents a pretty decent premium over what we would get in the domestic market, so it's advantageous for us to move as much as we can into the export market.
Devin Stockfish: Terrific. Thanks. Well, I believe that was our final question, so thank you to everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
George Staphos: And congratulations to Beth and Andy. Andy, looking forward to working with you in the future. So I guess the first question I had, when I look at wood, and lumber EBITDA in particular, obviously you took it on the chin from a pricing standpoint, and all you did a little bit better than the composites, but when I apply that to your volumes, actually EBITDA held up a little bit better than I would have expected. So what were you doing from a process and operations the cost standpoint, obviously, you've been working on this for the last number of years that helped the performance in the quarter. And that had a couple of follow - on.
George Staphos: Of course. My last question I'll turn it over. I assume it's just the supply chain and the lack of other markets being able to hit Asia. But if you could give us a bit more common terms of why the southern log exports were strong in the quarter. Thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
George Staphos: yellow pine stand -- standpoint, we think there's a really good, strong market for us going out into the future, particularly when we can start resolving some of these logistical challenge with shipping availability and container availability.
