Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Russell. In closing, I want to, again, thank our employees for their dedication, flexibility and adherence to our company values in 2020, despite being tested personally and professionally in ways that, frankly, weren't imaginable at this time last year. Notwithstanding these challenges, we achieved remarkable operating results, and I'm very pleased with the progress we made on numerous strategic initiatives. Looking forward, I'm excited by the opportunities in front of us this year. U.S. housing market has accelerated sharply, and we believe that strong macroeconomic and demand fundamentals will continue to support a favorable backdrop for our products.  The potential for a federal stimulus package from the new administration could also drive incremental demand for our products. Our manufacturing facilities are operating with unprecedented reliability and an industry-leading cost structure. We have a strong balance sheet and a dividend framework that enables us to return meaningful cash to shareholders across market conditions. In mass timber and climate Solutions, including potential opportunities relating to carbon, present exciting new sources of future demand.  Entering 2021, we're well positioned, and we remain steadfast in our pursuit to serve customers and create value for our shareholders through an unmatched portfolio of assets, industry-leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take that in a few different pieces. Just, at a high level, Anthony, you're right. We are still seeing issues in the south that really -- it goes back to the Great Recession with the oversupply that we've seen in a number of markets. As you note, that, obviously, differs somewhat by market. And it's always important to remember that supply and demand are very wood basket specific.  Now as I would say, the good news is that we've seen a fair amount of new capacity coming into the South, about 6.5 billion board feet of new capacity over the last several years, some recent announcements on some new capacity. A couple of those are in wood baskets that should be very favorable to us, the [indiscernible] mill, Idaho Forest products mill in Mississippi. And we're expecting continued new capacity coming into the south in the coming years.  When we think about the submarkets, a thing to remember is that our business has scale across all major markets. And this really allows us to take advantage of stronger markets, such as the Atlantic region, really from Florida up through North Carolina. We have about 1.2 million acres in total across those regions. We're also starting to see some improvements in certain markets and other regions, Southern Arkansas, Central Mississippi, North Central Louisiana, some areas of Georgia and Alabama.  We're starting to see a little bit of tension in there that, I think, could continue to grow here over time. And then the other thing I would just mention is just the export markets in the South. As you know, back in 2018, we really had started ramping up our export programs primarily to China. With the tariff situation that came into play, we backed that off, but now the tariffs have come off. We've reaccelerated our export programs into China, picking up some India opportunities as well.  So that's another area, frankly, for those regions that have proximity to a port, to tension that up over time. With respect to the optimization work that we did in Oregon, that's work that is ongoing all the time. That's true in the West. It's true in the South. We've been doing that for quite a while, frankly, with Russell's new role and some of the work they're doing. I would expect that, that work will continue and perhaps even accelerate going forward. But again, we're going to continue to look for ways to drive value across our portfolio, and that will include optimization work for sure, both in the South and the West.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And I think you note the affordability piece is going to be a headwind. There's no question about that. In terms of just the confidence, though, around the building environment right now, it just -- it starts with overwhelming demand for homes. There is virtually no existing home inventory for sale at present. The new home inventory for sale is pretty low. And I think we've just hit a point where, whether it's specific to COVID or whether it's just the demographic trends have finally reached that inflection point, there's just a significant amount of demand in really all markets that we participate for more housing. And the builders are really -- they're confident that they're going to have a lot of building activity this year.  Certainly, I think to the extent that interest rates can stay relatively low in the near term, which seems to be the federal policy at present, that will be supportive. But in any event, it goes back to some of the things we've been talking about for years, which is, we've been massively underbuilding in the United States for over a decade. We need to build millions of homes over and above just kind of keeping pace with normal demand just to get back to even.  So I think there are a lot of tailwinds to support that, but you're exactly right. The affordability piece is the one that is going to have to be solved. But, in the near term, at least for 2021, we're feeling pretty positive about the construction setup for this year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So just a few comments there. Just really briefly a comment on hold in. This is a project that we're really excited about. This mill is very strategically located. It's situated very well in terms of serving some key customers. It's surrounded by a significant amount of our fee timberlands. This new mill configuration. It's going to allow us to improve the product mix from the mill. We've got a great employee base there. So we're really excited about this. I think this is going to be along the lines of our Dierks and Millport mill in terms of just really a very low-cost, highly efficient mill that's going to make some great lumber over time.  In terms of the ability to flex up for additional volume in the near term, we are very focused on improving mill reliability across our footprint. And that comes into play in a number of different instances. And a good example of that, right? Is on the OSB side, where we hit a production volume record in 2020, notwithstanding the fact that we took a fair amount of downtime in the spring. And so those reliability improvements will provide extra volume across the system. And that's equally true from a lumber and an EWP standpoint. So there's going to be some volume creep that comes through that. And we're continuing to invest back in our mills across the system as part of our CapEx program. But what I would note is that those capital programs are largely focused on reducing costs, improving reliability and driving efficiencies in the system as opposed to being directly focused at increasing our volumes.  And so that's a long-winded way of saying, we are adding another 100 million of volume from our holding project, continuing to ramp up Millport, so maybe another 50 million to 60 million board feet coming off of Millport this year. And then just some additional flex from continuing to run our mills well, at least that's the answer here in the short term.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And so that was in our OSB business. And that really drove unit manufacturing costs up by $10 million to $15 million for the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So really, if you think about for Wood Products, Q4 to Q1, that's around $35 million net of any increases in OSB or lumber pricing. The majority of that, a little over half, is going to be on reduced manufacturing costs, and then the rest is going to be some incremental volume and a little bit of price as we recognize the increases in EWP.
Devin Stockfish: Well, we're optimistic that we are going to see strong markets over the course of 2021. And if that plays out, like you say, we're going to generate some very strong cash flow. As we've indicated with our new dividend framework, the plan is to return 75% to 80% of our 2021 FAD back to shareholders, both through the base dividend and then, ultimately, the supplemental dividend.  And any cash flow over and above that 75% to 80% of FAD would be available for growth, further debt paydown or, under the right circumstances, share repurchase. And so we'll continue to look at those opportunistically and allocate the cash to those opportunities that create the most long-term value for shareholders. And I would say Timberland's growth opportunities are an area that I would expect we'll continue to look closely at, both from just an optimization standpoint and growth more generally. But obviously, that's something that's dependent on finding the right deals that are accretive and strategic. And so we're going to continue to be very disciplined in that respect.  In terms of a potential interim supplemental dividend this year, as we mentioned, the new framework really anticipates that supplemental dividend is going to pay -- be paid out annually in Q1 for the prior year. And really, the reason for that is just to make sure that we're matching our variable dividend component to the cash flow that we're generating for the year. So generally, we're anticipating that, that first supplemental dividend would be paid in the first quarter of 2022 based on the 2021 cash flow. Now look, if things go really well, could there be a situation where we would consider some sort of interim supplemental dividend later in the year? Certainly, that's conceivable. I wouldn't shut the door on that definitively. But again, we're expecting that to be paid out annually in Q1 under most circumstances.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So comment on West Fraser-Norbord and the BFS-BMC deals. On West Fraser-Norbord, we have a lot of respect for both of those companies. Both Ray and Peter have solid teams. They're both very well-run companies. I'm sure the combined company will be very well run. These companies are both customers and competitors for us. And so we're going to continue to do everything we can to be good suppliers for them on the log side. And then, obviously, we'll compete with them in the lumber and OSB markets.  The BFS-BMC merger, both of those businesses have been long-standing customers of Weyerhaeuser. We've had really good working relationships with both of these firms. Dave Flitman has put together a strong team from the combined firm. And I anticipate we'll continue to have a great relationship with BFS going forward. And we'll work with them as we always have, to help find ways to create value in their supply chain and for their customers.  I think, just on consolidation, generally, I'm sure that there are still some opportunities out there in the market for companies to create value for their stakeholders through consolidation. Timing specifics, those things are always hard to predict, but I wouldn't be surprised if there's continued consolidation in the markets.
Devin Stockfish: Well, I mean, so we're always looking for opportunities to create value as well. And so I wouldn't comment specifically on any deals, but we're always looking for opportunities to improve the value of our portfolio. If you're asking specifically about the West Fraser-Norbord or BFS-BMC deals, I don't think those are going to have a materially -- material impact on any of our businesses. We'll continue to work with them as we always have and compete with them as we always have.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. With respect to the second part of the question, the answer is yes. We did take some downtime in the spring really across all 3 of our businesses. And so that did have an impact on our overall volumes for the year. As we think about 2021 relative to 2020, I think it's safe to assume we'll have a few percentage points of increased volumes across those businesses really as a result of both continued focus on reliability, but also just with the 2020 comp being down a little bit due to that market-related downtime in the spring.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I think the short answer is, yes. With this level of housing activity, just as a general statement, the western market is, by far, the most tension market in the United States. And a big driver of what kept log pricing down for really all of 2019 and a portion of 2020 was depressed lumber prices. And so what we've historically seen, at least in the recent past, is much of the benefit of lumber prices increasing will go back to the woods in the form of log pricing. But obviously, people are not going to pay more for logs that caused them to be cash flow negative. And so when you have low lumber prices, that does put some restrictions on your ability to increase log prices.  But as we continue to see lumber prices stay at healthy levels, the tension in the market will remain. Certainly, we've seen strong export markets. Coming out of Q4 into Q1, we expect that to continue. That's a japan statement. That's a China statement. So the market tension is there. It's really just a function of what lumber prices are doing.  The only caveat to that, Mark, is just, there will be a dynamic going on in portions of Oregon this year as landowners work through their salvage volumes. And so one of the things that we're seeing here, probably in the near term, is that, as all of the landowners, ourselves included, are working through salvage activity, what that typically means is that you're harvesting some stands that are younger than you would normally harvest. And so as we're out and we're harvesting stands that are in the low 30s as opposed to 40 to 45, we are going to see more chip and saw really going into that market. So that may have a little bit of a depressive effect here for a portion of 2021. But overall, the wood basket in Washington and Oregon remains fairly tensioned.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'd say we didn't mention it specifically, but that does not mean that there aren't issues around transportation. Trucking availability in the south, in particular, is pretty tight and so a lot of companies are having some challenges finding trucking capacity in the South. The rail issues haven't been as significant this year as they have, in some years in the past, some tightness in certain geographies. But overall, not seeing the same magnitude of issue with rail. But again, I would say trucking capacity is a bit tight, particularly in the South, and folks are struggling somewhat with that.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. As we think about -- this is primarily a southern statement because we have a much higher percentage of our logs that go into the pulp market in the South. As we think about our harvesting activity generally, we're looking at that on a regular basis because the point of how we manage our harvest is, obviously, we want to keep the growth in the harvest in balance over time. But on a year-to-year basis, we're looking at what's going on in the markets, and we're really trying to maximize the value of our timberlands over time.  And so as we think about 2021, as Russell mentioned, we are a little heavier to fiber in the South, and that's really catching up on some thinning backlog, which is really important from a silvicultural perspective, and we need to do that. But obviously, that does put a little bit more pulpwood into the market, and you don't get as many tons from thinning as you do from clear cutting. But the high-level answer is, we continue to look at that really on a year-to-year basis, looking at what's going on in the markets, what the different opportunities are for that wood.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And that -- when we talk about the higher log costs, that's, obviously, primarily, in the West and in Canada. And the impact, for example, for lumber from the higher log cost in Q4 relative to Q3, within that $25 million to $30 million range. And so that's -- obviously, that benefits us as well. So we sell a lot of logs in the west. And so we get it in one pocket, but certainly, that was a little bit of a drag from a cost standpoint for the lumber business.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. The January increase was 8% to 15%, and that varies by product and geography. And so we're in the process of rolling that through as a general matter with price protections that are building to contracts, et cetera, you usually get most of that within a year, the vast majority of it within 3 quarters and then just a little trailing, last a little bit within a year. But you'll get most of it within 6 months.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I think, obviously, a couple of things go into that. Number one, 2020 was an interesting year for us. We did take some action with respect to the dividend, putting a new dividend framework in place. And so I think there's -- some of that is people getting their minds around that. As you can imagine, we've had a lot of conversations with our investors since we rolled out that new dividend framework. Overall, I'd say the response has been pretty positive and supportive. I think people get the rationale and how it fits in with the business and the cash flows. But we still have to prove that out. And so I think that's a part of it. And we'll continue to look forward to delivering on the commitments that we made as part of rolling that new framework out.  So I think that's a piece of it. And certainly, we are in a position where we feel like the markets are pretty strong. They're going to be a tailwind for us. Our businesses are running really, really well. And so we're very well positioned to take advantage of that opportunity and generate a lot of cash, and we'll be giving most of that back to shareholders. And so, I think, as we deliver on that commitment, you should see that gap continue to close.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So for us, I would say, we're always looking on the Timberland side to continue to optimize and grow that timber portfolio. That's something we do year in and year out, and something we will continue to do going forward. And I'm really excited about some of the work Russell is going to be doing in that space. And so that's probably the most likely portfolio moves that we're going to make would be on the Timberland side.  On the Wood Products side, I think we like the assets that we have. And so I wouldn't anticipate big portfolio changes necessarily on the Wood Products' side. If we found a mill here or there, sort of a small bolt-on acquisition in the Wood Products space, we would look at that if the price is right and it's in the right locale. But in terms of large acquisitions on the Wood Products' side, I'd say that's not currently our focus.  Well, I think that was the final question. So again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe, everyone.
