Russell S. Hagen: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the fourth quarter as presented in chart 12 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $20 million higher compared to third quarter. In our Western Timberland operations, we anticipate fourth quarter fee harvest volumes to be higher than third quarter as we plan to make up most of the third quarter volume loss due to summer fire restrictions. We anticipate domestic sales realizations will increase in the fourth quarter as demand remains solid and mills looked to build inventories in advance of winter weather. Japanese export log sales volumes will increase modestly compared to third quarter volumes while average sales realizations are expected to be slightly higher compared to the third quarter supported by continued solid demand in the Japanese housing market. Chinese export log volumes and average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. Western road spending was delayed in the third quarter due to fire restrictions. Spending in the fourth quarter will increase as we expect to complete the deferred roadwork by year-end. In the South, we expect slightly higher harvest volumes as we make up for volume not harvested in the third quarter due to hurricanes and wet weather. We anticipate average sales realizations for the fourth quarter will be comparable to third quarter results. Forestry spending in the South is expected to increase as we deferred activities from the third quarter into the fourth quarter due to wet weather. We also expect hauling costs will increase as we compete with hurricane recovery efforts, which is increasing demand for truck transportation. In the North, we anticipate fourth quarter sales volumes and sales realizations to be comparable to the third quarter. As Doyle mentioned, on October 12, 2017, we announced the redemption of our ownership interest in the Twin Creeks joint venture and the termination of the management agreement, which will occur at year-end. The Twin Creeks activity was reported in Other Timberlands and will no longer be included in our results starting in the fourth quarter. Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to significantly increase as compared to third quarter as the fourth quarter is when we typically expect the largest portion of our real estate transactions to close. We continue to see strong HBU interest in activity across our markets, although transaction volumes in several Southern markets have paused temporarily following hurricane activity. We currently expect approximately $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business in 2017. Turning to Wood Products, we anticipate fourth quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to third quarter. Strong demand and low inventories throughout the supply chain have led to historically strong October pricing for lumber and OSB. Overall, we expect modestly higher quarter-over-quarter lumber and OSB sales realizations, and slightly higher engineered wood product sales realizations. Sales volume for lumber and OSB will be comparable with the third quarter. In addition, we expect a slight increase in log cost for our Western lumber production compared with the third quarter. We expect the decrease in engineered wood products sales volumes in the fourth quarter as well as higher input costs and increase per unit manufacturing cost due to planned seasonal and maintenance downtime. Chart 11 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of nearly $500 million. Cash from operations during the quarter was $323 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter totaled $97 million. And we continue to expect our full year capital expenditures to total approximately $435 million, $300 million for Wood Products, and $135 million for Timberlands. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is historically the highest quarter of capital spending. Investing cash flows for the quarter also included $403 million of proceeds from the sale of our Uruguay operations. Moving on to debt, we ended the quarter with $6 billion of debt outstanding. During the quarter, we completed the refinancing of our $550 million term loan which was scheduled to mature in 2020, replacing it with a new $225 million term loan maturing in 2026 and prepaying $325 million. In addition, we paid down a scheduled bond maturity of $281 million during the quarter. Interest expense was $98 million in the quarter, a slight decrease from the second quarter due to a lower average balance of debt outstanding that resulted from the debt pay-down during the third quarter. And now, I'll turn it back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Russell S. Hagen: Mark, this is Russell. That $20 million is really related one-time gains of sale assets and some operational true-ups, so we wouldn't expect that to occur in the fourth quarter.
Russell S. Hagen: Really it's multitude of smaller items. We sold some surplus offices and we had some true-ups on some gain calculations.
Russell S. Hagen: Sure. So, let me give you some thoughts on that. Yeah. We are as we've said committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. And going forward, the board will continue to regularly review the dividend in light of a full range of external market conditions as well as our internal improvement. As you very well know, our largest asset is our Southern Timberlands, and we expect the biggest driver for a substantial dividend increase, will be improving pricing for Southern sawlogs as we just talked about, as that will generate a sustainable and growing earnings stream that provides strong support for the dividend over time. With that said, there may be opportunities for incremental increases before that occurs. So, that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Russell S. Hagen: So, Anthony. This is Russell. As far as Twin Creeks, you're right, that was originally formed by Plum Creek with institutional investors, and then Silver Creek was the manager of kind of the overall relationship. We did close on that transaction last April. Weyerhaeuser had the property management requirements for that, and then we retained a 21% equity interest. As we look at our 13-million-acre portfolio today and the strength of our balance sheet, we really don't need a structure like that to continue to grow the business. When we had originally – or when we had closed in April, we shortened the timeframe from the original 15 years that was negotiated by Plum Creek down to three years, with the intent of having a transition out of the venture, and we had the opportunity to exit the venture a little early, and so we took that opportunity. As far as acquiring timberlands. Go ahead.
Russell S. Hagen: Sure. We see strong timber pricing in the South. And fortunately, we're in every wood basket in the Southern market. And so we have an opportunity to see really everything that's coming into the market and then everything that's adjacent to us in those markets. So if we see an opportunity to acquire that fits our portfolio and creates shareholder value, we'll pursue that.
Russell S. Hagen: And then as far as SG&A, as we mentioned, we've achieved $125 million SG&A target and that was related to the costs associated that we're going to remove from the Plum Creek integration. So, we're very pleased that we achieved that target, and then as Doyle mentioned, we're 80% into the $35 million of the SG&A cost related to what we call the stranded costs related to cellulose fibers. So, our $160 million target, we feel we'll meet that target by the end of the year. Going into 2018, we'll have a continued focus on SG&A. Our OpEx efforts in our manufacturing in the timberlands. We have a very similar mindset as it relates to SG&A. So, that's always an area that we will have a lot of focus on and looking for opportunities to improve and reduce those costs.
Russell S. Hagen: But Brian, I do think it's important to note that our financial priorities have not changed, continue to be consistent and, first and foremost, is returning cash to shareholders primarily through growing dividend, but also share repurchase. So, that's number one on the list.
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah. And, Brian, I would add, we've actually spent $60 million in the quarter. That's the cash expenditures.
Russell S. Hagen: We'd have to get back to you on the details, but a lot of the transactions that were closed in the last quarter were in the Montana area. And so, that property would have been stepped up.
Russell S. Hagen: For the year, excuse me. So, for the year, $250 million. And then on the basis, we would expect about 40%.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Russell. I am proud of our third quarter performance as employees across our businesses and functions once again worked together to overcome challenges and produce strong operating results. Looking forward, we remain focused on delivering continued operational improvements and capturing the full benefit of market conditions to drive value for our shareholders. With that, we would like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, Mark. And we do think there's some potential for some pricing traction as we enter 2018, really driven by four things. Number one, as we mentioned, housing demand continues to grow and we are constructive on housing as we move into 2018. Secondly, as you just highlighted, more capacity is being added, and I'm particularly encouraged by number of recent announcements, including GP announced a greenfield mill in Talladega and said they are evaluating potential additions in Georgia, Texas or Mississippi, all of which would be good locations. Canfor said they are going to increase their Southern production by 300 million board feet and they're evaluating a potential greenfield mill in the South. I think this week's announcement of Potlatch and Deltic getting together and their intent to significantly increase lumber production. West Fraser's purchase of Gilman and their plan to increase capital spending, our 300 million board feet of additional capacity at Dierks and Millport that we've talked about. And all of that is on top of about 1.2 billion board feet of additional lumber capacity that's happening in 2017. So, all of that is good on the demand side. The other thing I would point out – or two other things I'd point out is the Softwood Lumber Agreement. We do fundamentally believe there's going to be less lumber coming in from Canada, either as a result of final duties or hopefully a negotiated agreement. And then the final factor is we're really encouraged by the development of the Southern export markets. We are now shipping to India out of Charleston, South Carolina. We're shipping to China out of the Wilmington, North Carolina. We're continuing to work to develop exports out of other ports including some in the Gulf South. And while it's still early on that, those volumes as we've previously said could be equivalent to a small mill in the 2018 timeframe. So, we think all of those factors are coming together. And as I've said, we are hopeful that we could see some pricing traction on Southern sawlogs beginning in 2018.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, you're exactly right. OSB markets have been very strong. And I would tell you current realizations for Weyerhaeuser are approximately $40 above the third quarter average, and that's been primarily driven by just underlying strong demand and thin inventories. Anthony, as we look into the fourth quarter, nothing customary what's going on there. As we said, we did take a little bit of downtime in the third quarter for maintenance. We'll take a little bit in the fourth quarter, but we're not doing anything to try to adjust from a market perspective. That's just how the maintenance fell during the year. But we continue to be optimistic about OSB markets. As we all know, we are moving into a little bit slower seasonal period, so that may have some impact. But we continue to be constructive on OSB markets as we move through the fourth quarter and into next year.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Good question, Mark. And we're about 18 months into the integration of the two companies. I can tell you at least from my perspective, it has gone very well. We still have some work to do, but most of the hard lifting is behind us. As you know, we exceeded our original synergy target and continue to make improvements by implementing the best practices from each company. So as we look forward, we would consider potentially – potential acquisitions. With that said, we're going to be very disciplined, Mark, as we move forward. As Russell said, we are in every major market in the South. We have a good presence in the West. So, we don't feel compelled to grow because we are in every market, so we will be very disciplined, and look for opportunities where we can clearly create value for our shareholders through timberland growth opportunities.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. And so, as we look at potential growth of the company, as we very consistently said, we think our biggest opportunities will be in timberland. With that said, we would absolutely look at what I would call bolt-on acquisitions in the lumber business especially if it met up with our strategic footprint on our timberlands. In terms of growing capacity, I think our bigger opportunities, Mark, will be by investing in our existing mills, things like Dierks and Millport, as opposed to building a greenfield mill. As we look at the return opportunities from those two options, we think that's the best approach for Weyerhaeuser going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, you're right in terms of the timing. Dierks is in the process of coming on now. We'll see the benefit of that in early 2018, and then Millport is later in the year and into 2019. In terms of flexing our existing mills, George, the – we will continue to work on that. Part of OpEx, of course, is increasing the productivity and the reliability of those mills. And I would tell you we should be able to do that 2% to 3% on an annual basis, and we'll continue to focus on that going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: That is a fair assessment. The 2% to 3% is just by running our mills more reliably. As you know, we're spending capital at our mills so that helps in some ways to run our mills more reliably. And that does not include any additional shifts.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. As I mentioned, OSB's current realizations are up $40 versus the third quarter, and lumber is up $15 to $20 versus third quarter levels.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. We're all glad to have Beth back, so thanks for that comment. In terms of Japan markets, George, as you know, the big driver for us in Japan is post and beam construction. As we said, that is up roughly 2% year-over-year. That for post and beam construction, they need – the Japanese need the Doug Fir that we are able to produce and supply. And as you look forward, most projections have overall housing in Japan as you said flat, but post-and-beam construction continuing to grow and we are, by far, the largest supplier to Japanese saw-millers of the Doug Fir that's needed for the post-and-beam construction.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. I still think we've got a lot of runway in front of us in terms of housing, Collin. As you very well know, housing, it's historical average, about $1.5 million in starts. This year, we think we're going to be at $1.2 million. So I would say we're in the early to maybe mid-innings in terms of overall – the overall cycle because, as we all know, it's ultimately going to be driven by housing. And also, as we said in our remarks, we think for a number of years, housing is going to continue to improve. So lots of runway in front of us.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Collin, what I would tell you is we – our CapEx this year is going to be roughly $435 million, $300 million in wood products and $135 in timberlands. We're still working with the Board, but we would anticipate a similar type number in 2018. And then as we've also said, we think over time, we would see that start to tail off in our wood products business as we complete the projects that we're focused on and deliver on our OpEx initiatives and make our wood products business where it will be black at the bottom. And just to remind everybody, we believe we'll be roughly 85% of the way there by the end of this year.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. I think if you look at repair and remodeling markets overall, Gail, and I said – directly to your question, we continue to be encouraged there and those are up probably 7% to 8%. The remark we made or I made was regarding the hurricane activity and what we've seen in some markets is the labor that would normally be used to be building new houses is fixing houses that were damaged as a result of the hurricanes. I think we'll continue to see some draw from that as we move into 2018. However, some of the houses that were damaged were completely damaged and those will in fact be new houses that will show up in the housing starts number as we move into 2018. As you know, there's normally a tail on the amount of time it takes to completely recover from hurricane efforts and especially in Houston I would tell you I think that that's going to be somewhat of a tailwind in those markets through 2018. But there's no doubt labor continues to be the biggest constraint whether it's in the overall single family construction or finding labor available to work on the repair of the homes that were damaged from the hurricanes.
Doyle R. Simons: I think it clearly had an impact as we talked about in the third quarter. As we move into the fourth quarter, that seems to be normalizing. So, other than the ultimate effect it's going to have on the availability of logs in Canada, which were already being impacted, of course, by the southern pine beetle, I don't see any specific impacts as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, as we – as I said, we continue to be constructive on OSB markets as we move forward. With that said, clearly, there is additional capacity coming online, and we'll see exactly how that comes online and what the timing is. One thing we know about OSB capacity is it's pretty lumpy in terms of coming online. So, I think there will be some disruptions and impacts on pricing as the OSB capacity comes online over the next couple of years. Frankly though, we're going to need – we, as an industry, are going to need some additional OSB capacity as housing continues to grow. So, there won't be an exact match, of course, between supply and demand and the timing thereof. But if you look – if you assume housing is going to continue to grow and then you look at the incremental supply that's going to come online, those should be fairly well matched. There will be some timing issues, as we all know, as we work through that.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So, Brian, as we've stated in the past, our target net debt-to-EBITDA is 3.5 times. You're correct. We're now below that, and that's a function of we had some debt pay-downs this year. We're down to $6 billion of debt, and then we've had growth in EBITDA. And so, that's favored the ratio. So, as far as going forward on the proceeds, we'll look at the proceeds and we'll do our capital allocation program and really allocate that capital in the best way possible to create shareholder value. But that's something we continue to work with the Board on going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. We, as you would anticipate, are still working on that, Brian. But I would tell, I would – we would anticipate something in a similar ballpark. And as I mentioned earlier, by the end of this year, we're going to be 85% of the way to being what we call black at the bottom, and assuming we get a similar type number and have a similar type target in 2018 and achieve that target, we would be close to 100% of the being black at the bottom by the end of 2018. So, that's how we're thinking about things, are encouraged by the progress we made, know there is more work to do. And we're also encouraged by the fact that now mostly ideas are being bottom up driven, rather than top down driven, and that's also a very positive development for our company.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Brian, what I would tell you is we expect to receive the reimbursements in 2018 and are very confident on our claim, and we will break those out on a quarter-by-quarter basis as those come in so everybody can track it.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. I would agree with that, Mark. And talking to some of our competitors, I think, unlike some previous hurricanes where you've been around a long time as I have, there was extensive timberland damage. I think that was mostly avoided with these two hurricanes. So, I think from an overall timberland perspective, we were very fortunate as an industry.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, we're really encouraged by what we see out of the Western markets. I think there's no doubt that the fire season helped on a temporary basis. But as you look at the domestic markets, the log decks were – are thin coming out of fire season. I think more importantly from a domestic market, California housing continues to be very robust. Those permits are up 17%. And we think California is going to continue to kind of outpace the market because it lagged the market for so long. So, from a domestic side, we think demand is going to be strong. We are also, as we look into 2018, encouraged by what we see from export markets, both Japan and China. So, we're optimistic about Western log markets as we move into 2018.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. What I would tell you is customer inventory levels continue to be lean. Now, I would anticipate as we move into a slower seasonal period, Thanksgiving and Christmas and the winter months, you would start to see our customers have the opportunity to rebuild inventories but currently, inventories continue to be lean.
Doyle R. Simons: Chip, we don't see anything that's fundamentally changed in those two markets. As you know, we've all watched them together over the past many years in the substitution from plywood to OSB. But as we look forward, we don't see anything fundamentally changing in that relationship.
Doyle R. Simons: Chip, I'm not sure I would agree with the reluctance comment. What I would tell you is we very purposefully raised our payout ratio from 75% to 85% over the cycle to reflect the fact that we think we have raised the floor on our Wood Products operation due to the significant change we made in our cost structure. We will continue to work closely with our board on the appropriate dividend level going forward, factoring in Wood Products markets and the fact that we're optimistic on Wood Products markets as we said earlier and also, factoring in what we're seeing on the Timberland side. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Doyle R. Simons: And so, Paul, what I'd tell you and what we've consistently said is we're constantly reviewing our overall Timberland portfolio. We do feel good about the moves we made, both through Uruguay and Twin Creeks, as Russell said earlier, to focus and simplify our portfolio. But we'll continue to look for ways to create value for our shareholders going forward, whether that's through potential acquisitions or potential dispositions from a portfolio perspective.
Doyle R. Simons: I'm not sure anything is necessarily stopping an agreement at this point, Paul. As we said, we continue to be hopeful that we will be able to reach an agreement with the Canadians. We're working very closely with the Coalition and the Department of Commerce. We fundamentally believe that a quota-based agreement is the best option going forward for all parties involved because of the certainty and the simplicity that it brings to the tables. So that's how we're thinking about it and we'll continue to pursue and hopefully be able to reach an agreement with the Canadians going forward.
Doyle R. Simons: As I understand it, that was our final question. I just want to end by thanking everybody for joining us this morning and, as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
