Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Given the weakness we're seeing in today's housing market, we will continue to take aggressive actions across the company to reduce costs and improve profitability. In WRECO, we'll continue to adjust product offerings. We'll adjust pricing as dictated by market competition. We'll continue to seek opportunities to reduce construction and operating costs, and we'll continue to review and adjust our land and lot positions as necessary. In Timberlands, we'll continue to seek opportunities to increase revenues by leveraging our experience in relationships and export markets. We'll carefully manage costs, adjust harvest levels and exploit revenue opportunities from our mineral rights, as well as emerging markets for biomass. In our Wood Products business, we're committed to improving profitability at today's level of housing starts. We need to improve margins using all available levers by enhancing revenues, reducing operating costs and adjusting capacity. In our Cellulose Fibers business, we'll continue to focus on operational improvements as we serve the needs of our key customers as they take advantage of global growth, especially in emerging markets. In sum, we're committed to improving our performance in today's level of demand. And with our scale, we'll be prepared to take advantage of an economic recovery when it comes. And now I'd like to ask Kathy to open the call to your questions.
Daniel Fulton: Sawtimber in the West is roughly 90%, Pete, and 65% in the South. There's been a bit of a shift towards fiber, especially in the south, but no significant change beyond that.
Daniel Fulton: We have approximately 7 million acres of mineral rights. So we have mineral rights on land that we own, as well as land that we have sold in the past where we've retained the mineral rights. The way we manage that is that we have our own minerals group. We are generally entering into operating leases with those that are exploring and exploiting the resource, whether it's gravel, oil or gas. Those would be the primary resource that have come off of our land. Generally, those leases are entered into, we receive an upfront lease payment that ends up being amortized over a period of time, and then we have the ability to collect royalties if they are successful. Over the last several years, our minerals earnings have been running roughly in the $50 million a year range. In the quarter just completed, minerals earnings were just a shade under $15 million. The opportunities that we have are to continue to exploit the resources that we have on the lands that we have under our control. In addition to the existing materials, we also have that group managing some of the newer resource, which would include wind and geothermal energy. The most significant resource that we have in the minerals group is in Louisiana, where we have land as part of the Haynesville shale play, and though prices are down a bit of natural gas, we continue to generate good earnings and the operators that are operating under the leases seem to be having some success. So we're optimistic about being able to maintain and grow that over time.
Daniel Fulton: It is not 88,000 that we have been marketing, Gail. We had several sales during the quarter, the most significant was a property that we call Copper Creek, which is located in the Western Oregon region. That was a sale of about 12,500 acres. It was non-strategic for our purposes, roughly 65% doug fir, 35% hemlock. It was lower value land in terms of what we would like to see long-term in our portfolio, and it was sold at a price that we felt was very competitive. With respect to the property you referred to, what we call for LeBeau, which is the 80,000 plus acres that we have been marketing on west coast of Washington, we have had a wide variety of interest from, quite frankly, wide range of buyer tights. We are in active discussions, and we are optimistic that we may be seeing values that would cause us to transact that sale, although I wouldn't expect anything to happen until early 2011.
Daniel Fulton: Sure. As you noted, we did sell Cosmopolis. That's a dissolving pulp facility that has been shut down for a number of years. We found a good buyer, and we are pleased that they're going to be able to reopen that facility and create some employment in a town that really needs it. We do have a transaction on our railroads that we are in the midst of. It's subject to federal approval, and we hope to receive that approval before year end. In addition to those, we've have a number of non-strategic assets that we identified overtime, that we seek opportunities to monetize. We are engaged in some discussions at this point evaluating strategic alternatives for our Hardwoods business, which is a small niche business that reports up to our Wood Products segment. But that's just the process that we're going through right now in evaluating alternatives.
Daniel Fulton: Improving the results in our Wood Products business is our highest internal priority right now. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are looking at all levers that we have. Improving revenues, reducing operating costs, both in the mills, as well as SG&A, and then we are taking a very hard look at our capacity. As I mentioned in my remarks, we already have a significant amount of capacity that's indefinitely curtailed, but of those mills that are still operating, they're operating at generally low levels. And so you should expect to see some activity in the fourth quarter related to capacity, which would position us to be more profitable in the current market because even for these facilities that are shut down, there's operating costs associated with just maintaining them for security purposes and maintaining the equipment. So it's a full-court press in that business, and I'm confident that Larry Burrows taking a fresh look at it and taking a very strong hand off on Tom Gideon will produce some results.
Daniel Fulton: I can't give you specifics, Chris. We have, over the last two years, been focused on this business. We've taken out a lot of manufacturing costs. As I mentioned, we have indefinitely curtailed a significant number of facilities. But at today's anemic level of housing starts, we still have too much capacity. As we enter this year, early in the year you may recall that we were anticipating single-family starts at a level of about 600,000. We're falling well below that. As we move towards 2011, we commented this morning as we talked about WRECO that WRECO is entering 2011 with a low backlog. I think WRECO is representative of other large homebuilders in the U.S. I would expect that the entire homebuilding community will be moving into 2011 with a lower backlog than they entered 2010 with. And so given the nature of low level of backlog at the beginning of the year, we're anticipating that 2011 will be another very challenging year, and so we are sizing our activities to address today's level of demand and not counting on that improvement in 2010. I would say that's a significant change year-over-year in the way we were looking at that business. We had anticipated recovery. We started to see it in the first quarter. It collapsed after the end of April. We believe long-term that single-family housing starts will return to trend levels, but it is going to be a slow climb out of where we are today. And so we are addressing that in Wood Products business.
Daniel Fulton: We don't have a forecast yet for next year. We generate our own forecast, but we look at that of others. We'll share that later in the year when we have another opportunity as we get closer to 2011. We are planning for flat activity year-over-year and hope to be pleasantly surprised with recovery.
Daniel Fulton: I think the primary difference quarter-over-quarter, Mark, is the lack of maintenance downtime. These mills have been running well, and so third quarter happened to be a time when we didn't have any scheduled shutdowns. They all ran full. And as you know, we got the benefit of price improvements. So it was an across the board accomplishment of just great operations.
Daniel Fulton: I think your assumption about roughly half in the second quarter is correct. As Patty said, we had downtime in the two mills in the first quarter, three in the second quarter. We got one coming up in the fourth quarter. I don't have the numbers that you're asking for, specifically, but we can get back to you.
Daniel Fulton: Yes, that's part of the overall loss. You're right. We have a Distribution business that primarily services our Engineered Wood Products and OSB. So as products flow through that system, as prices are moving as quickly as they have been, we incur additional loss. Plus there's some loss in that business that is associated with low utilization. At the level of activity that we're at today, not only do we have underutilized manufacturing facilities, but our distribution system is underutilized. And all of that increases your operating cost.
Daniel Fulton: I can't comment specifically today, Rick. As I mentioned, we already have a number of facilities that are indefinitely closed. We have our operating facilities that have various levels of utilization. And so we're looking at the entire system, and we'll be taking some action, but I can't comment whether it would be temporary or permanent closures. We are taking shift downtime in our overall facilities based upon today's level of demand as we have throughout the year.
Daniel Fulton: I can, but I don't have that number today. We can get back to you. I mean we have closure costs where we provide security. When the mills close, we have some on-site people for some low levels of maintenance and security, and we have depreciation that's related to those mills. All of that runs through our P&L.
Daniel Fulton: Absolutely. Our boards intent is to set a dividend that is sustainable and one that we can grow over time. In considering the appropriate level of that dividend, we start by looking at the overall macroeconomic climate. We have an evaluation of our own forecast for your earnings over the next several years. We are looking at the level of dividend paid by other timber REITs. We're taking into consideration appropriate capital structure for the company, including appropriate level of debt, the need to maintain access to capital markets and have appropriate liquidity as we go forward and then longer-term, we need to plan for growing the business, especially the core asset of our Timberlands. So all of that becomes part of the calculus for determining what we believe is an appropriate level. And as I said, we'll be communicating that once the board makes the decision in December.
Daniel Fulton: We have five pulp mills. Four in the U.S. South and one in Grand Prairie, Alberta. The Mills in the South primarily produce absorbent fluff. Our Grand Prairie mill produces NBSK. And we have a facts book where we publish actually the capacity for each of these mills. They get you up to that $1.7 million capacity level. Fundamentally, the U.S. South product is heavily focused to what we would consider to be specialty pulp that's going to be large customers that are using it for absorbent products like diapers, feminine hygiene, adult incontinent. Roughly, if you think about our pulp business and the markets that we serve, roughly 1/3 is North America, 1/3 Asia, 1/3 Europe. Those percentages shift a little bit overtime, but the business gives us great exposure to global growth and, especially what we're seeing from our customers is that they have significant growth opportunities in emerging markets. The one consistent theme that we hear from our customers in the Pulp businesses is that they're growing, they need our product, and so we're really pleased with the performance, but also the outlook for that business.
Daniel Fulton: Yes, long-term, I love the pun. Long-term, very confident of the need for that capacity. When it comes online, you're referring to a couple of conversion. So we got Alabama Pine and also the Domtar Plymouth mill that are converting to fluff. That will create in the short-term some new supply. And so there may be a short-term disruption in the market. But long-term, all of that supply is needed. As long as we have this unique characteristic of fiber coming out of the U.S. South from southern yellow pine that's manufactured into that fluff. That is the desired product worldwide for the absorbent products. And so what we're seeing is we're seeing this very strong growth globally as our customers penetrate new markets.
Daniel Fulton: We have two issues, George. One is the depth of the housing recession and the slow recovery that I referred to. So even if we were to go back a year ago and look at our housing forecast and that of most economists, what we're experiencing is 2010 was a lower level of starts than anyone anticipated and a longer climb out of this for a variety of reasons. I talked this morning about we still have an issue with consumer confidence, we have an issue with employment, we got an issue with an overhang of inventory, and then we have this new event, which is the foreclosure problem and the documentation related to mortgage security. So that causes us to need to react to a more pessimistic near-term forecast. And what that means for us is we need to adjust capacity to today's level of starts. As we do that, we're also taking the time to evaluate all of our operations. We believe we have opportunities to both enhance revenues as well as to take out operating costs both in our mill and in our SG&A. So it's a full-court effort on all fronts, and as I mentioned earlier, it's the priority we got right now.
Daniel Fulton: That's a fair characterization, but as I've said before, all of our businesses need to be operating over the cycle at the top quartile levels of performance within their respective industries. And we are not operating at that level in our Wood Products business today. So that's why we need to address it, and we need to improve it.
Daniel Fulton: Our situation at the Hudson Bay is that that mill has been shut down for an extended period of time. And were we to leave it in its current state, we would be subject to additional costs including severance. And as a result, we made a decision to restart the mill, and we'll be aligning its posture as we go forward in a disciplined manner with production across all of our operations. There will be a slow start. We'll have little production this year. We'll start to see some next year, and then we'll balance it across a system. But fundamentally, it was a decision related to cost of extended shot versus reopening.
Daniel Fulton: I don't have that number right in front of me. Let we just talk about the nature of it a bit. One of the things that we've seen over the past year is that there has been a mix shift. So as we think export historically for us, that's Japan. But over the last couple of years, export off of our Western Timberlands operations includes not only Japan, but it is China and Korea. We've said seen a pickup in logs going to China. That, for us, really started two to three years ago as we were harvesting storm damaged wood off of the west coast of Washington and Oregon. That was low quality, low-priced, but it was a great takeaway. And what's happened is that we have been able to develop an improved position in that market. The quality of logs has increased. We are shipping douglas fir logs to China. We got white wood going to Korea, and then as you know, the long-term quality doug fir continues to go to Japan. The amount of export volume is up out of the West about 15%. And as I mentioned that's really favorable for us. We have long-term relationships in the export markets. We got great logistics coming out of our Western Timberlands, so we're well-positioned to take advantage of that. And with domestic markets, which continue to be slow, it has been beneficial for us as a takeaway for the logs coming out of our Western Timberlands. And we would expect that that will continue over time.
Daniel Fulton: Just some concluding comments. I wanted to just close the call and summarize our key themes for the third quarter and our current view of the fourth quarter. So as we entered the third quarter, we anticipated improved performance in our Cellulose Fibers business, and we delivered record results. Our Wood Products business, we we're already feeling the pain of rapidly falling prices, and it was a very difficult quarter for us. With housing activity near record lows, as we entered the quarter, we expected break-even results for WRECO, then we turned in our third consecutive profitable quarter. And in Timberlands, operating earnings were lower as expected, and our non-strategic land sales enabled us to increase earning next quarter-over-quarter. So as we move to the fourth quarter, we are especially cautious about the near-term direction of the housing market, and we're planning accordingly. We are committed to improving profitability in today's level of demand and we'll continue to take necessary action to reduce costs and improve profitability. And with that, I'd like to thank you for your attention this morning, and we look forward to talking to all of you in December. Thanks very much.
Patricia Bedient: Well, if you think about our Timberlands earnings, probably the way to think about it is what we generated so far from the first three quarters. So I think our overall Timberlands segment earnings are about $225 million for the first nine months, and our qualified earnings are just over $70-ish million. So how do you get from that number to the $70 million? You first have to back out the non-strategic plan sales, which are about $80 million for the first three quarters. And then you would also have to back out the mineral income, which is down in the TRS, which Dan just mentioned is about $15 million a quarter. So that would be $45 million a share today. And then we do have some additional SG&A that we do have to charge to the REIT restructure, which is about $10 million to $50 million a quarter. So let's call that a $10 million a quarter, so that would be $30 million. So if you back out, take the $225 million, back out the $80 million, back out the $45 million, back out the $30 million, you'll get around to the $70 million number.
Patricia Bedient: Well, it will probably go up modestly in 2011. We haven't set those numbers as we sit here today, but I would say that somewhere in the $200 million, $250-ish million range.
Patricia Bedient: That number doesn't have any black liquor credit in it, Chip. That segment performed very well during the quarter. All the mills ran very well. We didn't have as we have said any maintenance downtime, but we took no black liquor credit for that segment in the third quarter. And you might recall that last year, of course, we did have black liquor in the third quarter. And if you compare year-over-year even with black liquor in the earnings for last year, the earnings this year are greater than a year ago third quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Chip, I would say that we work very closely with P&G as one of our largest customers. And as we look at their demand, and the demand for fluff overall, it continues to be a very growing market. And not only just a strong market this year, but as we look forward in demand. So I think we are very pleased with the outlook that we hear from P&G, as well as our other customers in that business.
Patricia Bedient: Well, those maintenance shots are scheduled on an annual basis. And this year, we had two in the first quarter, three in the second quarter, none in the third, and as I mentioned, we have one now in the fourth. We plan those annual maintenance around when we need to do things like boiler inspections or put in additional capital plans. So we have not set that schedule and communicated the schedule for 2011. But I wouldn't see that it wouldn't be terribly different from what you saw in 2010.
Patricia Bedient: I think also, Mark, the $30 million that Kathy gave you for the quarter is maintenance spend. And it doesn't account for the fact of the downtime that happened in the second quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Some other things in the quarter, Mark, was we had somewhat lower fiber costs, lower chemical costs, and, as I've said, the productivity impact from just not having those mills down were really the primary reason for the improved performance of third over second quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Mark. As you think about our pension plans, the largest plans are in the U.S., but we do have a number of Canadian plans, as well. As you look at the U.S. plans, we don't expect to have to make any contributions to those in 2011. The Canadian plans don't all have annual valuations. Some of them are done on a tri-annual basis. We do have a larger number of them that will need valuation this year, and we will likely need to make contribution to the Canadian plan in 2011. We would expect that when we add them all together. And we are doing those valuations beginning that process as we speak. So I don't have exact numbers for you, but I would expect that that could be up to $100 million for all the Canadian plans, but nothing anticipated for the U.S. plans.
Patricia Bedient: Rick, that is something that we're looking at as a part of this review. We don't have any decisions to share with you this morning. I think a way to think about that cost is at its differential, but it's probably in the neighborhood of $5 million to $10 million a quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Well, the number I referred to was the number for the credit for primarily the black liquor produced in the first quarter of 2009. And in the first quarter of 2009, we were not lending for the alternative fuel mixture tax credit. So that gallon, gallon each of about $238 million, I think it was. With all the available for the sale of cellulosic producers tax credit. Now what you're referring to is that is there's a potential to unwind the alternative fuel mixture tax credit that we already took and replace it with the biofuel producer's tax credit? And that's something that I think still from a procedural standpoint is being worked out with the IRS. But the numbers that I referred to are for a period of time where we did not have the alternative fuel mixture tax credit.
Patricia Bedient: The shut in the fourth quarter, Josh, is a short shut at one facility. So it will just be up probably a little around a week or so. So it won't be as significant in terms of relative to the second quarter where we had most of our annual maintenance downtime. And the lost tonnage won't be a significant item.
