Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Russell. I noted at the beginning of today's call that internal improvements and strengthening market conditions can create a powerful combination. Our first quarter results demonstrate this. And with a solid improving housing trajectory, favorable dynamics across our Wood Products businesses and continued leverage from operational excellence and merger synergies, we are well-positioned to deliver continued strong results. Although markets are improving, we will not lose focus on the factors under our control. We remain committed to fully capturing the benefits of our merger with Plum Creek, achieving industry-leading performance and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation to drive superior value for our shareholders. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Doyle R. Simons: So, Mark, as we have consistently talked about, we are focused on investing capital to drive down our cost in our overall Wood Products operation. For last year, this year and for probably the next couple of years, we will be investing at approximately $300 million level in our Wood Products operation overall. We would not anticipate investing more than that during the timeframe. And, in fact, after investing at the $300 million level for the next couple of years, we would anticipate going back down to what I would call a more normalized level of between $200 million and $250 million. We are very encouraged by the initial returns on the capital that we have spent. And that part of the capital in our lumber operations – specifically again the focus is to drive down cost to low risk, high-return project. But we also will be increasing capacity modestly as we rebuild a mill in Dierks and that will be coming on later this year and also a mill in Millport. So, net-net that will add about another 300 million board feet of capacity but again, the focus is on driving down our cost.
Doyle R. Simons: We agree with you, Mark. We think it would be helpful from that perspective and we're doing a lot of work on identifying and promoting export activity out of the South. We've had some initial successes still at a very small level but spending a lot of time talking to potential customers and starting to develop those markets and frankly are pretty optimistic about it. It's still early, still small volumes but we think there's a real opportunity to expand Southern export markets as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, in terms of operating rates, George, in the quarter, lumber was in the low-90s. As we mentioned, our OSB operation ran very well. It was in the high-90s and ELP was in the mid-80s. You're always looking for opportunities to increase reliability and, therefore, increase production. Our mills are running well. There's always, what I call, creep in terms of being able to increase production but there's not big steps other than what we've already talked about in response to Mark's question of what we're doing on the lumber side to increase significantly incremental capacity. So, what we're focused on is running reliably and at the lowest cost as possible.
Doyle R. Simons: Other than creep, I would agree with you. We are almost maxed out in OSB and don't believe we necessarily grew share. We've been running at pretty high levels in OSB other than taking some maintenance downtime and those type of things. So, we just ran extremely well in OSB in the quarter and demand for the product was very good despite the fact that the first quarter is normally a slower seasonal period.
Doyle R. Simons: What I would tell you is that we were encouraged by the process so far in the West. As you also said, we'll be talking more about that when we wrap it up. With that said, as we very consistently have said, we're looking for a premium of 30%. And I would anticipate that we will achieve that premium or more in the West just as we have in the South.
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, really good question, and glad to be able to clarify. You're right. A big part of the pickup in first quarter versus fourth quarter was due to the fact that Sutton was running for the full quarter. My comments were more due the fact that in OSB in the first quarter we ran in the high-90s, as I indicated, but quarter-to-quarter you're exactly right.
Doyle R. Simons: Again, thanks for clarifying. That was a specific comment regarding Wood Products and that range is due to the fact that we don't know exactly what prices are going to do from this point forward. If prices stayed where they are today or moved up, it would be at higher end of the – towards the 30%. If they rolled or turned down from this point, it would be closer to the 20%. So that's the reason for the range. With that said, Mark, that comment was very specific to Wood Products.
Doyle R. Simons: You're right, Mark. We don't know exactly, but I would be – I am hopeful that we could be in a situation where we could enter into a negotiated agreement – a quota-based agreement sometime this year.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. Not necessarily. That was a negotiated agreement, as you will recall, after many months back and forth. Some of it went back to U.S. sawmills. Some of it went back to the Canadian producers. So, that was part of the negotiations. So, I don't think – we'll just have to see how this plays out as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: So, as I said in the comments, Gail, we were very pleased with our ability to leverage our scale operability, get roads during the quarter to capitalize on the tight markets. What I would tell you as we moved into the second quarter we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the West, continued strong demand. To your point, the mill inventories remained thin, especially in Oregon. They're better than they were at some points in the first quarter. But mill inventories continue to be thin. And I would tell you overall, as Russell indicated, we anticipate prices in the West to be up slightly in the second quarter. So, weather has improved. We are able to move up into the higher elevation in the second quarter. But we're very pleased with our ability to capitalize on what happened during the first quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Gail, as you know, it's hard to determine how much, if any, impact the overhang from the waiting for the quarters to come out had on pricing. What I will tell you is I think key drivers to the pricing improvement were the fact that inventories were very lean going into the first quarter and demand was better than expected. I think all you have to do is look at OSB which didn't have the whole tariff situation and those prices ran as well. So, I'm not going to tell you that the SLA didn't have an impact on pricing in the first quarter because I'm sure that it did. But I think it was more – had more to do with the volatility in pricing that we saw. I think underplaying supply and demand was the biggest driver of the improvement in lumber pricing that we've seen year-to-date.
Doyle R. Simons: I think there was a lot of speculation as you very well know, Gail, on what those rates would be. What I will tell you is they came in about where we expected that it would. And I think now we'll wait and see what happens in the antidumping and what the overall number is as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So, what I would tell you is we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the West overall, including the key export markets which, of course, for us are Japan and China. In terms of Japan, Japan housing market remains solid. 2017 total starts are up almost 5% year-over-year through February. Demand and pricing per logs, as we said, was solid in the first quarter and we anticipate that's going to continue into the second quarter. In terms of China, inventories there are in good shape which as you know is a real key. And in March, it's roughly 3.8 million cubic meters. We anticipate that inventories are going to remain at reasonable levels through 2017. And in the second quarter, we anticipate volumes are going to rise and we'll have log prices that are comparable to the first quarter levels. And we anticipate as we move through the balance of the year continued strong demand and pricing to be up slightly for the remainder of the year in China. I do not see any big moves in terms of competitors kind of maxed out in terms of the infrastructure challenges that we have. So, we did see an increase in U.S. exports to China so far in the first quarter of 2017 and that number is up pretty significantly versus first quarter of 2016.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. So, what I would tell you is, at this point, Collin, we don't expect any – let me start about what we've seen in saw log pricing. So, if you go back and look at the last four quarters in terms of just saw log pricing, it's been very flat. You've seen some pressure on pulpwood pricing, but saw log prices has been very flat over the past four quarters. As we look into the second quarter, we don't expect any significant improvement in saw log pricing. We do continue to believe there is some potential for, maybe, some minor pricing traction in late 2017 as demand continues to grow and the Canadian (38:04) markets decline, whether it's due to duties or, hopefully, as I mentioned, earlier in negotiated agreement. Now, longer-term, as we've talked about, we're very optimistic that due to the additional housing demands, the incremental capacity that's coming online in the U.S. South and right now that's at least 12 million tons of additional demand that's in the process of coming on line and then again less lumber from Canada. We think all of those things are going to add up to provide us with the opportunity for much better pricing on Southern saw logs as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, we're optimistic about OSB pricing for the year of 2017. We talked about that it was up nicely in the first quarter. But as you look at where it is in the second quarter, current prices are up probably 10% versus the first quarter average. And we think based again on the strong housing demand that we've seen and the current supply, that OSB pricing should be good for the year 2017. As we move into 2018, as you highlighted, there will be some incremental capacity that comes online. But we're going to frankly need some of that as housing continues to grow. And the other observation I would make is it takes a while for a new capacity to get up and be fully running. So, we'll see how that plays out, but we're hopeful that supply and demand continue to be in good shape as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, what I would tell you is in Timberlands, as we talked about, we're right on track for the $40 million to $50 million. So, I would say in the quarter, we got about what you would expect if you just do it on a quarterly basis. In terms of our Wood Products operation, Collin, as we said, we had particularly good quarters from a OpEx perspective in OSB and distribution. So, I would tell you at least for – and it's just one quarter out of four but through the first quarter we're ahead of schedule in both of those businesses and I would stay right in line with our other two businesses which are lumber and EWP.
Doyle R. Simons: No. Steve, not surprisingly, we don't have any comment on negotiations that go on between the U.S. and the Canadian governments.
Doyle R. Simons: Well, clearly, the two countries need one another. And, as I said, we are very hopeful of a negotiated agreement between the U.S. and Canada as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. There are in fact initiatives to raise prices and we have announced a 7% to 10% price increase and are encouraged by the progress we're making on that. Of that 7% to 10%, we should realize that by the end of the third quarter with maybe 25%, 30% of that in the second quarter and most of the balance of that to be realized in the third quarter. To your first comment, the reason prices were down slightly was primarily due to mix and the fact that the first quarter typically includes a greater mix of commodity and industrial products, which carry a lower price. So, just as you indicated, positive lumber pricing good for EWP and we anticipate EWP prices moving up for the balance of the year.
Doyle R. Simons: No, Paul, we haven't seen that at all. What I would tell you is demand for high-quality, well-managed timberland remains very strong. As investors continue to view timberland as an attractive part of their portfolio, timberland valuations remain steady. We're participants to all the major deals that come to market and have not observed any changes in the valuation trends overall. As you very well know, there was a big transaction that happened this quarter by one of our competitors. That was at a nice level in terms of value per acre. So, we continue to see strong interest from a diverse group of investors in every deal that comes along, again, for high quality, well-managed timberland.
Doyle R. Simons: Paul, that is ongoing – or those will be ongoing discussions between the Canadian and U.S. government. And, again, hopefully, we can reach a agreement that works for all involved by the end of this year.
Doyle R. Simons: So, what we've said is currently our priorities number one, two and three are making sure we successfully merge Plum Creek and get to the bottom-line all the benefits from that merger. And as we indicated earlier, we made a lot of progress, but still have more to do. So, that is our primary focus. As we move forward, we will look for opportunities to grow our company. We think our biggest opportunities will probably be in Timberlands. With that said, if we can find appropriate acquisitions in Wood Products, especially if it's close to our timber base, those are opportunities we would look at from a bolt-on perspective. And we'll continue to identify opportunities for that as we move forward.
Doyle R. Simons: Well, we would factor in everything in terms of potential bolt-on acquisitions. It would probably be more attractive if it was close to our Timberland. But would we' necessary rule it out if it wasn't near our Timberland? Probably not. But, again, our Timberland base most sawmills, for example, would be more than likely aligned with our Timberland base.
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah. So, there clearly is a lag and especially in strong markets like we had in the first quarter. With extended order files the lag tends to be maybe, if anything, a little longer than normal. But what I would tell you as we've moved into the second quarter, prices have continued to improve. As I indicated earlier, current prices for OSB more than 10% – ARC (50:19) realizations are up more than 10% versus the first quarter average. And we've also seen a nice improvement in lumber prices with quarter to-date lumber prices up roughly $30 versus the first quarter average. So, you're exactly right. There is a lag, but it is ultimately realized and the lag is a little longer when you're at the situation where you have extended order files, which is a good thing.
Doyle R. Simons: I think that may have been a small factor. I think it was more driven by what we've seen on the housing front, Brian, but I can't tell you there wasn't any pre-buying. But as we move through the second and third quarters I indicated earlier, we will fully capture the 7% to 10% price increase that's being put in place.
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So, as we've consistently said, we are committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. With 90% of our assets in Timberlands and a significantly improved cost structure for Wood Products. Our go-forward cash flow will be much more stable than it's been historically. We continue to work with our board on the appropriate payout ratio and the timing for increasing the dividend going forward. And as you would expect the board factors in many things when considering the appropriate dividend level, including the pace of improvement in housing, Southern saw logs and Wood Products as well as the benefits from our internal initiatives for operational excellence and operational synergies. So, that's how we're currently thinking about it.
Doyle R. Simons: As I understand, that was our final question. And I just like to close by thanking everybody for joining us this morning. And, as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Russell S. Hagen: Yes. So we've done the calculation on the countervailing duties with the volume coming out of our Canadian operation into the U.S. And based on a high-level estimate, we would expect about a $6 million cost on a per quarter basis.
Russell S. Hagen: So, on the Real Estate, yes, as you indicated, that can be a little lumpy because it's more transaction-based. But I think what we'll see coming in, as I indicated in the second quarter, will be comparable to first quarter and then we'll see a majority of the transactions close in the fourth quarter. That's probably the typical pattern of closing any cash flow that you'll see in this business. We just don't get a lot of activity in the winter months and then it backloads at the end of the year.
Russell S. Hagen: No. I think we've indicated that we would expect the Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business to contribute anywhere from 10% to 15% of our total adjusted EBITDA. And so, that's pretty much where we target that business.
Russell S. Hagen: I would expect it to be pretty consistent with the prior years. You're right. We did have probably an increase in working capital just because of the addition of the Plum Creek lands. We have inventory builds in the North, particularly in Montana, which would mean you'd see an increase in some working capital in the first quarter which we saw. But I wouldn't expect anything out of the ordinary for the remainder of the year.
