Devin Stockfish: Thanks Russell. One year ago, in my first earnings call as CEO, I talked about four near-term priorities to drive value for shareholders. I'm pleased with our execution to-date and our focus on generating superior and sustainable value will continue in 2020 and beyond. The first priority I highlighted was driving OpEx with a focus on cost and reliability. I'm incredibly proud of our work in OpEx in 2019 and I'm excited about what lies ahead in OpEx 2.0. Second was continuing to drive lasting culture change. We remained focused on the key behaviors that drive success, including accountability and urgency and increasing our focus on innovation across the company. Third was people development. In 2019, we continued our intense focus on people development and worked to increasingly build our bench of future leaders and key personnel across the organization. And fourth was disciplined capital allocation. We’re committed to our balanced capital allocation philosophy of returning cash to shareholders, investing in our businesses, and maintaining an appropriate capital structure. In 2019, we continued to deliver on each of these capital allocation priorities. We returned over a billion dollars of cash to shareholders. We invested over $380 million in disciplined capital expenditures to sustain and further improve our businesses, and we took steps to maintain an appropriate capital structure and support our investment-grade credit ratings by reducing our future pension liabilities. Entering 2020, I'm encouraged that the U.S. housing market continues to show signs of stronger activity. Although pricing for many of our commodity products remain soft, we’re optimistic that we will see continued improvement as we head into the 2020 building season. Going forward, I'm excited about the opportunities in front of us and we remain focused on driving superior long-term value for shareholders by improving performance through operational excellence, fostering a winning and innovative culture that positions us to capitalize on a range of market conditions and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation. And with that, I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know, we saw pricing come up a little bit in 4Q. There is little bit of the dip, now it started to come back up. So, as Russell mentioned, quarter-to-date, our OSB realizations are flat relative to the fourth quarter. That being said, you know, certainly I think the market sentiment is that the housing activity is going to continue to improve. We’re seeing a lot of optimism out there. And so, you know, we would anticipate that as we get closer to the 2020 building season and that gets in full swing, we’re going to see some uplift on OSB pricing as we get into the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: You know, I think we’re at a state right now, Mark, where we’re really looking our all different kinds of opportunities. So, I think at this juncture, I wouldn't foreclose any of those options.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, let me start with the Western harvest levels. Now, really to understand what's going on in the West, you have to go back to our Longview Timber acquisition, and you’ll recall that when we did that deal, one of the benefits of that transaction was that they had a significant amount of over matured timber in their portfolio. And so, for several years after that acquisition, we were intentionally bringing that harvest level or harvest age down, which increased our harvest levels in the West. Over the last couple of years, we’ve really been on the tail-end of that. And so, as we roll into 2020, you know, that volume that we’re anticipating in the West, which is, you know, down around 3% versus 2019, you know, that's what I would expect all else being equal to be the harvest levels for the next several years before it starts coming up again. And so, that's really the answer on the harvest. Now, you know, frankly you can flex up or flex down a little bit depending on market conditions, and we do that from time-to-time, but, you know, the 2020 harvest schedule really is kind of that normalized harvest level in the West for the next several years. You know, speaking to the export markets, and I’ll start with China, you know, really last year, for most of the year, even though, you know, there was more European salvage wood coming into the market, I would say, for the first three quarters it wasn't having a material impact on our export volumes to that China market out of the Northwest. We really did see in the fourth quarter that European salvage wood started to have an impact in the China market, and we really started to see that impact, you know, our pricing certainly as we got deeper into the fourth quarter. You know, as we think about the magnitude of that European salvage wood going into the market and you combine that with what is traditionally a pretty slow time of the year with the Lunar New Year holiday in that market, and you also have the dynamic of the coronavirus and so, you know, I would expect the China market for us out of the Pacific Northwest is going to be choppy for a little while. The Japan market, you know, frankly, remains solid for us. You’ve seen housing starts dip down just a little bit, but the key market for us, as I mentioned earlier, is that post and beam market, and that's held up pretty well and you combine that with some of the challenges from the Canadian log exports, we’re still seeing good volume and sales activity into the Japan market this year. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know, I think we’re still in the early stages of rolling this out to the organization, but what I would say is, you know, going into the year, I would still anticipate the majority of that is going to come from that margin bucket, the future value, efficiency and cost avoidance are new pieces of that program. And so, we do think that that will pick up steam as we roll it out to the organization, but I would say sitting here right now, most of that $50 million to $70 million for year-one is going to come out of the margin bucket.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, you know, and those are always fluid, you know, through the real estate programs. You get puts and takes here and there. You know, we're not in a position right now I think to give public guidance on the long-term other than to say, you know, in 2020 for the South, we’re looking at comparable. You know, we do have a little bit heavier mix to fiber for 2020, but I – you know it's going to be pretty consistent within the range that we have in 2020.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think, you know, over time certainly as we have new generations of seedlings come ready for harvest, you’d expect the volumes to go up over time. So, you know, directionally I don't think anything has changed. You know the timing of it, you have a little bit of up and down on any particular year to basis, but directionally over time, I don't think anything's changed.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, you know, I’ll tell you what I do know and then what I don't know and I'll start with what we think we know, which is, you know, unlike what we saw with the mountain pine beetle in British Columbia, the spruce beetle in Europe seems to leave that wood salvageable for a much lower period and I think the general consensus that’s building is, you know, one to three years on the stump is really as long as it's viable after you see that damage. The question that's harder to answer frankly is, you know, when is the infestation going to abate. And so, I don't know that we have a definitive view or if anyone has a definitive view on when that damage spruce beetle wood is going to stop growing across Europe. And so, you know, I do think our view is we've seen the geographies where you have that impacted wood acting speedily to try to get out in front of it and salvage as much of that timber as they can, but as a practical matter, there are limits on how much you can do that. So, you know, it's hard to say how long it's going to last when you really start seeing the spruce beetle die off. I think it will be a limited time period after that when you should see the volume start to slow down. 
Devin Stockfish: That’s correct. And that’s how we’re viewing it. You know we’re going to – I think this is going to be with us for, you know, a year or two, but, you know, as you say, it's important to remember when that volume goes away, it’s going to have to be filled in from somewhere else. And so, when you have that significant amount of wood that goes out of the system, it is going to change kind of the global supply chains for log supply.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. You know, I’d say the majority of that is operational innovation. So, that's things like leveraging technology within the mills or out in the woods to drive down log and haul cost, to optimize how we build roads, to, you know, mechanized things in the mills. That’s the majority of it at this point. You know we do – in our Wood Products business, we do product innovation as well, but when we talk about the majority of the innovation work that we've done here over the last year or two has really been more around operational innovation.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. You know with the $235 million, which is down about $15 million from 2019 and partially that's just a reflection of the fact that as we finish up on the Dierks and Millport, capital projects were – which were much larger in scale, we just have a larger number of smaller activity in the CapEx bucket across Wood Products. And so, I don't have anything, you know, significant to highlight of the, you know, Millport or Dierks magnitude. It’s really just a lot of all are CapEx projects that are really focused on, you know, driving down cost, improving reliability, and really driving efficiencies in the mill set. You’ll get some incremental around the margins volume pick up with some of those, but, you know, the volume increase really isn’t the primary focus of our capital programs at present.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, absolutely. We do spend a lot of time doing analytics around that and, you know, with respect to Japan, you're absolutely right. The demographics are such that the population is declining and that is clearly going to have an impact on housing over time. You know, I think a couple things that may mitigate the impact on us however or again, you know, our focus is primarily that post and beam market and I think that is going to hold share and pick up share of overall housing starts in Japan over time. And so, I think the impact in us will be less than on kind of the stick frame. The second thing I would say is, you know, just like in the United States and Europe, Japan is looking for opportunities to do more commercial and multi-story buildings out of wood. And so, I think there's an opportunity to pick up share on that front as well to mitigate some of the impacts from population decline on housing. But you're right, in a broader sense, you know, Japan's population is not growing. There are other economies across Asia where we do see growing populations. And so whether you're thinking China or India or some of the other Southeast Asian markets that are experiencing growth, we’ve spent a lifetime on the ground in all of those markets. We have, you know, in China in particular a pretty strong customer base. And so, you know, one of our focus areas is to continue to grow market in China and ultimately other markets for some of those higher end Douglas fir products, and, you know, we think over time, we’ll make good progress on that.
Devin Stockfish: Well, I do you think that you're starting to see some of the builders, particularly the larger builders, embrace panelization, off-site construction activities and I do think that trend will continue. There are limits on how high that can go, but I do think we've reached a point where, you know, the labor constraints have caused many of the builders to really start to look for other options to mitigate that challenge. So, I do you think you're going to see that grow. The labor availability I think still remains one of the biggest challenges for the builders in both, you know, just meeting the construction needs, but also with the affordability pace. And so, I do think that they're going to continue to look for ways to mitigate those labor challenges.
Devin Stockfish: You know, I think in the near term, you know, the biggest opportunity for us is to stay close to those in-customers and the builders and various folks throughout the channel that are doing that work. I think our biggest opportunity short-term is just to be a key supplier making sure we understand, you know, what the needs are in those panelized construction activities and be a good solid partner for them. I don't anticipate us getting into panelized manufacturing here in the near term. You know longer term, obviously, we’ll continue to watch the market and if our view changes on the ability to create value in that space, you know, we wouldn’t necessarily rule that out, but I don't think that's a short-term priority for us.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know I think just at a high level, you know, we would anticipate it’s kind of going to be evenly split between Wood Products and Timberlands. you know I think one of the differences that we’re looking at from OpEx 2.0 is we’re really looking to expand it and how we measure it beyond just the businesses defined opportunities even at a functional level, increase the level of cross business OpEx that we’re trying to drive. You know, so that may -- you know that may change how the buckets are allocated a little bit around the margins, but going in, we would anticipate that would be kind of half-and-half Wood Products and Timberlands.
Devin Stockfish: Alright. Well, I believe that was the final question. So, thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company.
Russell Hagen: Sure, Mark. This is Russell. So, as we noted, we’re going to bring down the real estate EBITDA a little bit from this year, from 2019. It’s really two things that are happening in there. The first is on the Energy & Natural Resource side. We had a couple of one-time type transactions. We had a small asset sale, and then, we had some recoveries on a royalty audit. And then, we’re also factoring in less HBU sales coming out of that Montana and Michigan properties.  You know, the Michigan properties are sold. Montana, we’re expecting to close in the second quarter of this year. And so, you know, with that – that gives us that $255 million number for 2020. Kind of on a run rate basis, I think that $250 million to $255 million is a reasonable number for the run rate for that business. You know as we’ve stated in the past, our goal is to structure that total AVO program in the pipeline so that we have a sustainable business over time so.
Russell Hagen: Yes, absolutely Mark. I would say tell you that's top of mind for us. As you know, there has been a lot of momentum around, you know, wood-based building for one, but also, you know, as we see more and more companies talking about, you know, becoming carbon neutral or carbon negative. Our view is, you know, practically speaking that's going to be very hard to do without looking to the forest and our ability to sequester carbon. And so, you know, I think that is getting a lot of discussion, a lot of talk in the industry. It’s something that we’re very focused on. You know, candidly it’s in the early stages of figuring out what the mechanics for that market are going to look like. You know there's a private market piece to that. There’s a regulatory piece to that, but we’re staying very focused on it. You know clearly I feel pretty comfortable in saying no organization in the history of America has planted more trees than Weyerhaeuser company. So, that is an area where we have deep expertise and I think there may be a role for us to play. So, we’re keeping a very close watch on that and we’ll look for an opportunity to participate in a profitable way as that develops.
Russell Hagen: So, I’ll talk to the AVO and then I’ll talk to kind of your second question on large transactions. You know, the AVO process, as you’re aware, that’s a – really an evergreen process. So, we’re constantly evaluating our timberlands to determine, you know, for the best owner of that particular tract or if we can capture a higher value by selling it through our AVO process. So, as we’ve noted, we have about – you know, at the beginning of the year, we had 1.6 million acres identified in the AVO process that we would take to market over the next 10 to 15 years. You know as I stated earlier, our goal is to have a sustainable business over time. So, as far as large transactions, you know, I’m not going to comment on our – on kind of our future expectations related to large transactions, but you know, I'll reiterate, you know, even on the AVO process, we still look even on a broader basis across the portfolio and make sure that the timberlands that we own are returning the highest value and we get a good return on assets. And so, as we’ve demonstrated in the past, we have sold out of markets that are not strategic to us for the long-term, but I think as we look at our portfolio today, we have no immediate plans.
Russell Hagen: You know, Steve, when we actually put together the regions, at time of the merger, we had put that Montana property in that Northern region. And so, we’ve always reported that Montana property in the Northern region and then Washington and Oregon in the Western region. It is a different, you know, product, a little different pricing, so that’s just how we set it up at the time of the merger.
Russell Hagen: No. I think in the last call what we had mentioned is full-year 2018 was about $19 million and you’ll see full-year 2019 at about $15 million, so we would expect that Montana and Michigan to be about half of that number.
Russell Hagen: Sure. This is Russell. You know on 2019, based on kind of our listing of all the transactions, we’re expecting to hit about $1.8 billion and we really didn't see any big deals like we saw in 2018. We saw probably four deals in 2019 over $100 million, and then, remainder were small and medium deals. So about 3 million acres looks like it's going to trade in 2019, so that's about 2%, 2.5% of the investable market. That seems kind of on par with what we've seen over the last few years. I think as we look into 2020, I would expect we would break that $2 billion transaction value number. And when you take the Poke deal, and then, the recent announcement we made on the Montana deal, you add about $800 million, and so, it's pretty strong start of the year given we’re in January.  As far as timber values, I would say they remained strong even with the soft product pricing in 2019. We really didn’t see big value swings in the timberland values and I think that reflects more of the longer term nature that the investors have in this space and companies have in this space. So, you know, we’re still seeing a strong flow of capital to good deals and the right deals and quality timberlands remain in high demand. Yes, and as we’ve said in the past, we’re in a pretty advantage position. We have timberlands in every major wood basket in the United States and we have the opportunity to see every transaction and so. You know we’re active, but we’re also very disciplined in our acquisition strategy.
Russell Hagen: On the stumpage side. You know I would say that probably the markets were a little slower last year as far as getting contractors and broker dealers out onto those non-industrial private lands. I think that's what you're referring to.
Russell Hagen: So, we don't have a real clean gauge on what those volumes are, but I would expect that, you know, that will still be an area of focus for the non-industrial privates probably coming into this year and maybe the following years.
Russell Hagen: Sure. This is Russell. There's two things I guess I would point out on that transaction. You know the first is, you know, over the last number years, we've been very active in capturing value on those lands. We’ve done conservation sales, higher and better use sales. You know, we’ve also done some timber transactions. So, we really have a lot of opportunities to understand the market and kind of with the future value that land would be to us. So, the second is, when we go through our evaluation process, it’s very detailed and robust. So, we look at a number of things when coming to evaluation on a particular property and we look at the markets, we look at stocking levels, age class, growing cycles, PC mix, you know, cost inputs. Those are all taken into consideration when we assess the value, but also when we assessed fit for our broader portfolio strategy. So, you know, based on our experience in these markets and in our expectations and what we’ve achieved as far as capturing value on the portfolio today, we are very comfortable with how that sale fits into our broader strategy and we’re very pleased with the price we’re receiving for the timberlands.
