Devin Stockfish: Great. Thanks, Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning, I’ll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. U.S. housing activity continued at a strong pace in the fourth quarter. The total housing starts averaging more than 1.6 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis. And total permits averaging more than 1.7 million units. For the full year, total housing starts were nearly 1.6 million units representing a 16% increase over 2020 and the highest annual level since 2006. These increased levels of housing activity are notable considering the persistent supply chain and labor challenges that home builders faced in 2021. Notwithstanding the recent uptick in mortgage rates and ongoing affordability concerns, both our near-term and longer-term housing outlook remain optimistic and is supported by encouraging housing demand fundamentals, including favorable demographics, a decade of underbuilding and historically low inventory for new and existing homes. Turning now to repair and remodel activity, which strengthened in the fourth quarter. Demand continued to be strong bolstered by large professional R&R projects, which remained healthy for most of 2021 and a resurgence of smaller do-it-yourself activity following a period of temporary weakness in the summer months. As we entered 2022, our out outlook for repair and remodel activity continues to be positive with demand supported by an aging housing stock, rising home equity and healthy household balance sheets. In closing, our 2021 financial performance was among the best in our company’s history, and I’m incredibly proud of our employees and their efforts to achieve these outstanding results. Additionally in 2021, we continued to drive improvements across each of the value levers of our investment thesis. We made great progress on upgrading our portfolio, improving our operating performance, building on our ESG leadership and demonstrating a commitment to disciplined capital allocation. Looking forward, we’ve announced a series of multi-year targets that will drive additional growth and deliver superior value for our shareholders. With our unmatched portfolio of assets, industry-leading performance, strong balance sheet and supportive macro tailwinds, we’re well positioned to capitalize unfavorable demand fundamentals generate strong cash flows, grow our company and return significant amounts of cash to shareholders. And now I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, let’s start with the Southern markets. Just as we think back to what happened in 2021, obviously, we did see some pricing improvement for Southern logs. That’s both with respect to pulp logs and sawlogs. I think several drivers behind the pricing improvement that we’ve seen lately. First, obviously, on the supply side, some of that price improvement was driven by the persistent wet weather that we saw across many regions in the South. I think, certainly, that reduced the flow of logs to the system, tension the market to some extent. I think COVID, transportation, other supply chain issues had some effect on log availability as well which, I think, pushed up pricing a bit. But then on the demand side, we did have very strong wood products markets across the South and that supported healthy log demand. Mill certainly didn’t want to run out of logs and miss out the opportunity to capture the benefits of higher lumber and OSB prices. And then lastly, and you alluded to this, just the continued pace of new capacity coming online in the South, I think, certainly has helped tension the market in certain wood baskets. But in any event, demand was strong, pricing improved, and we certainly do anticipate that to continue to be the case in the first quarter. Really across the South inventory levels right now, I’d say range from normal to even a bit lean, depending on geography. Customers are going to want to protect inventory levels to make sure that they’re fully wooded to avoid out-of-log downtime in these stronger wood products markets. I do think we continue to see some challenges for logging and trucking availability in certain geographies. And so that can have some tensioning effect, particularly if we see additional weather. So look, for the balance of the year, we’re expecting solid demand for logs across the South, perhaps not as much pricing appreciation as we saw last year. Some of that, I think, was driven by weather. Certainly, there’s still plenty of regions where there’s excess inventory in the forest. But as we’ve been saying for a number of years, with each year that we have more capacity coming into the region, which we’ve certainly had plenty of that over the last several years, we continue to see that continuing into the future. That tensions things up wood basket by wood basket. So we’re optimistic about the trajectory in the South, and we think we’ll have a solid year this year in 2022. Moving to your second question around veneer supply, that’s certainly a challenge. That is one of the constraints for EWP production. That’s a Weyerhaeuser statement for sure, but I think it’s a broader industry statement. And that’s an area that we’re really focused on, both with our internal veneer supply. We have some veneer manufacturing within our EWP business. And certainly, as we partner to source veneer for our EWP products, I think that’s an area that we’re seeing very, very strong demand. Our order files are quite extended from an EWP standpoint. And so we’re doing everything we can to make sure that we’re meeting customer needs. In terms of the pricing environment, we obviously did raise prices a number of times for EWP products last year. As of now, we’ve substantially captured all of those price improvements. And so a strong environment in terms of the pricing for the remainder of the year, not in a position today to talk about any sort of price increases, we’ll continue to monitor the market in that respect. But overall, very strong market for EWP right now.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. No, that’s a great question. I think with respect to the rising interest rates, certainly, I think there is some angst among many about what rising mortgage rates are going to do to housing demand. And I think that’s a fair thing to give consideration to. I can tell you, as of today, we are not hearing any sort of change in tone from our homebuilder customers. I think from where we sit, and this is based both on our own internal view, but also the conversations that we have with folks, really across our customer universe, we’re still sitting at a place where we’re relatively low in terms of mortgage rates by any historical context. I think even if we assume that mortgage rates are going to go up over the next 12 to 24 months, which we do think that they will, we still have a ways to go, I think, between where we are today and where you’re going to see a material amount of demand drop off from a mortgage rate standpoint. And I think it’s also important just to remember the context of what we’ve got going on in the market right now, and we’ve talked about this before, but just the underbuilding that we’ve done in the U.S. over the last decade has left a real shortfall for housing. And we think about the demographic trends with millennials coming into the market, and you’ve certainly seen some data to support that. I think the price increases that we’ve seen, that’s largely a function of there just not being enough housing supply for the demand out there. And so from our standpoint, we’re certainly looking to a strong year of housing in 2022. Our customers, when we go out and talk to the homebuilders, they’re telling us that they’re expecting a good strong year. We’re certainly starting off from a good spot when you think about the homebuilder confidence levels, when you think about the home sales numbers that we just saw, the number of sold not yet started, there’s a big backlog there. So notwithstanding, obviously there can be some headwinds at times with housing, whether it’s product availability, labor demand or rising mortgage rates, but I think the demand levels out there is just very strong and should support, I think a strong homebuilding year in 2022. As we think about interest rates and inflation, there are puts and takes there. Obviously, as you see, inflation, that’s an issue that we have to deal with in our business, and we’re very focused on that. A big part of our OpEx program is trying to make sure that we’re very focused on cost. I think that will serve us well if we’re in an inflationary environment. But again, as you mentioned, historically, timber has been a pretty good inflation hedge. And so there are puts and takes there. I do think from an interest rate standpoint, how you value timber and discount rates, generally speaking people take a pretty long-term view. So we’re not seeing any sort of big impact from higher interest rates in terms of timber valuations. So notwithstanding that it does create some challenges here and there, on balance, I think we’ll manage it pretty well. And again, we’re looking forward to a strong 2020 even in a slightly higher inflationary environment and with interest rates rising somewhat.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Yes, sure. And so really, just it relates to a new rule that the Chinese government put into place. There was a nematode issue that was discovered on some exports into China, not Weyerhaeuser exports. But that was a new rule set they put in place. And it adds administrative burden, some additional costs around fumigation and channeling into different ports. And so it’s relatively new. At this point, it doesn’t make a lot of sense for us to continue to export in to China out of our Southern business in the near-term. Ultimately, our view is China needs fiber supply. The U.S. South is a wood basket that’s healthy and can support that over time, particularly as you think about the Russian log ban, the Australian log ban, some of the challenges over time I think with the European supply going down as they work through their beetle issue. I think net-net, China is going to need fiber supply. And so our hope is that as these rules kind of get figured out over time, some of those burdens in sourcing wood from pine regions into China will ease a little bit and we’ll resume our activity. But as I noted, in the meantime, we’ve got a very active program going on into India that we’re continuing to look to grow, Vietnam, Pakistan and Turkey. So we’re going to continue to look to grow our export business regardless of what happens in China. And we do think that, ultimately, we’ll be back in that market, and that will just be another increment to support our growth of the export program.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I'll start with what we saw in Q4 and what we're seeing so far in Q1 around transportation and COVID. Candidly, it's been a challenging environment. Starting with transportation, we've had some challenges as an industry with transportation as most other industries are also having challenges. Trucker availability is very, very tight, I'm sure you've heard about that numerous times. When we get into the winter months, particularly up in Canada, with some of the cold weather and weather events, the rail becomes pretty challenging. And so when you think about just the overall transportation infrastructure right now, it's pretty tight and it's pretty challenging. And so we've done, I think, a reasonably good job of navigating that, but it's nevertheless a tough situation to get product moved. I don't necessarily anticipate that getting dramatically better here in the very near-term. Now hopefully, as the weather improves and Omicron starts to trend down, maybe we'll get a little bit better. But transportation has been a challenge even before the last few quarters. I'd say on Omicron, we, like pretty much every other company, have been struggling through just keeping our mills and our operations staffed with the high levels of COVID outbreaks with Omicron. We haven't lost a significant number of shifts, but it certainly has impacted our operations. And in many respects, it's prevented us from running extra shifts where we otherwise might have done so. I do think we're either at or starting to come down off of the peak. As we look at daily quarantine levels, it does look like we're starting to see that break a little bit. So we're optimistic that over the next several weeks, we'll really start to get past this wave of COVID. And hopefully, that will ease things up a bit. I don't know on balance, as we think about the overall supply chain, other than Omicron getting better. Labor availability being tight, I don't see that really easing here in the near-term, hopefully as the year progresses, but certainly not in the first half. And I'd say similarly with transportation, I'm not sure we see that getting dramatically better in the first half of this year. We are hopeful that over time, as more people return to the workforce, that some of these will start to ease, but it doesn't feel like a first-half-of-the-year issue for us.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, I'll start with the second half of your question and then get specifically to the DIY segment. In terms of what we are seeing today from repair and remodel, the pro segment has been strong, really across 2021, you didn't really see the dip like you saw in the DIY segment. And that's certainly the case as we head into Q1, we're seeing good takeaway, good demand from big box as well as just the R&R segment generally. And so feeling pretty good about where that is, particularly for this time of year. I think you asked a great question with respect to the DIY segment as you see pricing trend up. No question, I think last year, as we got into the summertime, and you saw $1,000 lumber prices were in the news every day, no question, that caused a pullback in the DIY segment. Now how much of that was just coming out of a COVID wave, where it was the first time people could go out and really go to concerts, movies, ball games as opposed to do repair and remodel, some of that's a little hard to tell. But I think certainly, just the level of press that we saw around high lumber prices probably caused some people to pause on those smaller do-it-yourself projects. Now whether we see that same demand impact now that we're back up in that range, we're not seeing it yet, but I think that's an open question whether you'll see a little bit of a tick down. Now the flip side of that may be people may ultimately become more accustomed to $1,000 lumber prices. I can tell you, just in terms of the level of press coverage that you're seeing from $1,000 lumber prices today versus last summer, it's a little less. So maybe people become a little bit more accustomed, but that's something we'll certainly be watching closely. But again, as we think about where we are in the year with pricing where they are, we've got long order files, inventories across the channel are moderate to lean for lumber, and I'd say pretty darn lean for OSB and EWP, heading into the building season, it does feel like it's a pretty good setup for market dynamics.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. Well, thanks, Mark. So when we talk about lumber, that's bumping up against three-week order files, which for us is on the long end of where we typically would see those. On OSB, we're out three to five weeks, which again is pretty much on the outside of where we like that to be. You didn't ask about EWP, EWP is essentially on allocation through the second quarter. So pretty long order files for this time of year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there's probably a little bit of all of that in there, Mark. But I also think, on some level, there are houses that are started, that have not been completed. And so there's probably a little bit of gap there that will catch up over time as well. If I had to say what I think the biggest driver is, I think that's probably it. But there's a little bit of the other items you mentioned as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There's no question that COVID and supply chain disruptions impacted overall production in the South. We saw that. Obviously, we sell logs to a number of customers, and we saw that in terms of our customer base. We also saw that in our own operations just in terms of an inability to get people for extra shifts for a good portion of the year because we had people out with quarantine. But it also, I think, even goes beyond the mill, and it goes to some of the labor shortage issues that you have to staff mills, higher turnover levels, the ability to get trucks and transportation, even, I think, in some geographies, the ability to get logging contractors. And so all of those things together, I think is the reason why you saw that production volume increase being so minimal over the course of last year. I'm not sure I see anything that's going to be dramatically different here in the near-term, even as we get through Omicron, which will certainly help. There's a real challenge in finding labor, and that's across the system. It's not just our industry, but our industry is certainly affected, finding truck drivers, logging contractors finding employees to work in the mills, really across the supply chain. I think that makes it challenging to really dramatically ramp up that production.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I don't have the specific percentage number right off the top of my head, Mark, so I don't want to misquote that, and we can certainly follow up. But there's no question, as we think about those extended order files, that's certainly pushing out a pretty healthy percentage of our Q1 volume that's been sold and not shipped.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There’s no question that’s had an impact. As you think about running a sawmill, running an OSB mill, as you have higher levels of turnover, that impacts just the expertise running the equipment. It impacts reliability. It impacts safety. All of the things that make you a top-notch producer, when you have higher levels of turnover with new folks, all of those things become more difficult. And so that’s been something that we’ve really been working on and making sure that we institutionalize a lot of the OpEx, innovation, reliability things so that we make it easier for people to get up to speed quicker. But it does have an impact, there’s no question.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think if you think about the South as a whole, I do think some of it was driven by weather events, some of it was driven by the COVID labor, all those challenges. That had an impact, there’s no question. Now there also is, no question, there are certain geographies where you’re seeing that new capacity tensioning things up. So Arkansas, North Central Louisiana, North Carolina. I mean there are spots where we’ve seen the mills come in, ramp up to full production where you see a tighter wood basket. And so that’s also having an impact. We still have several billion board feet of new capacity that’s been announced, that’s not up and running yet. And I think we’ll continue to see, as those new mills come in, get up and running, get to full production that will continue to have an upward impact on pricing. But the question is, do we think that we’ve hit the point now where Southern sawlog recovery across the South has happened. I’m not sure that’s going to be the case. But we do think that we’re on the right path that we’ll continue to see improvements, albeit slower in some areas than others. But the trajectory is right. But I do want to – I don’t want to leave anyone with the impression that 2021 was all just new capacity. Some of that was weather. Some of it was supply chain disruption.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So if you’re referring to the Apex deal that we just announced, that’s really the relationship that is going to cover a number of different potential projects over the time. And it’s a continuation of an existing relationship. So we’ve done other work with Apex. Now assuming that all of the projects that we’ve got under this agreement move from the exploration stage to final development, the number of acres is going to vary depending on project, physical characteristics. But we would retain the fee ownership. You would get milestone payments as the projects move through various stages of development. And then once it’s operational, you’d have an annual lease payment for each acre in the footprint. So again, we keep the fee, we have the timber economics and then we get paid on lease payment over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So with respect to your first question, yes, we’re still on track for the 5% a year. Year-to-year, that may vary by a little bit, but that is the trajectory, still on track for that, feeling good about the momentum we’ve got within our CapEx and our organic growth programs. In terms of the big projects, really, Holden, obviously, big project, it’s on track. The rest of it is really just a series of capital projects, nothing of the Holden magnitude. But each of our mills, as we’ve said before, has a multi-year road map. And so it’s debottlenecking, it’s driving improved reliability and it really cuts across all of the different machine centers, merchandisers, sorter stackers, planers, CDKs. Really each mill has capital projects that really just take away the constraints to let us grow volume. So nothing big to call out other than Holden. Largely, these are all projects that are being replicated, that we’ve already done in some other mill, which is why we have such a high level of confidence in the organic growth story.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Just a couple of observations I’d offer there. First of all, there’s a lot of announced capacity that we have coming on over the next few years. We certainly think people are going to continue to invest in the U.S. South. It’s a great place to make lumber. But that being said, a few things to keep in mind. Number one, and we’ve certainly seen this to some extent, the time line for some of those projects may get extended. To the extent you’re not already in the queue for equipment, we’ve seen the time line for getting equipment pushed out a bit, the labor to install some of this equipment pushed out a bit. So not clear to me all of that actually will come to fruition in 2021. The other thing I would say, over a multi-year period, to keep in mind, I know you’re all very well familiar with this, some of that new capacity that’s coming in, in the South is going to ultimately be offset by capacity coming out of other regions, British Columbia, in particular. And so net-net across North America, I’m not sure all of that is going to really come to pass in 2022. But even if it does, as we think about – and our view is we are going to see year-over-year growth in residential construction, we think we’re going to see maybe low single-digit growth in repair and remodel. So the market as a whole, we feel pretty good about the demand signal. So even as we do see some of that new capacity being added on, we’re going to need that really to keep overall the North American market in balance. So I think the capacity that we see coming online shouldn’t have a material impact overall other than just to keep things balanced.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, just a quick – a couple of comments on Western markets. Generally, we have seen really strong demand in the Western system. That’s a comment both on domestic demand as well as export demand. Sitting here end of January, I’d say log inventories are generally at or slightly below normal levels. And so we’re feeling pretty good about the dynamic that we’ve got going on in the West. Most of the realization improvement, there’s a little bit of mix, but most of it is really just driven off strong levels of demand and balancing that against the available supply. And as you think about, just to kind of dimension that for you, as you think about the quarter-over-quarter EBITDA guidance, we talked about being up significantly, most of that is in the West. And we’re thinking probably in that $30 million to $40 million range in terms of kind of how that should look in the first quarter. So really setting up to have a strong quarter in the West.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there’s no question there has been an uptick in activity on Timberlands M&A. I think last year, we probably came in somewhere in the $3.5 billion range in terms of total transactions. That’s our estimate for where we’re going to come in again as an industry in 2022. So definitely a pickup. I think the big differences that we’ve noticed is people are being a little bit more aggressive with their underwriting and discount rates for, I would call it, maybe more challenged properties. The underwriting for the high-quality properties, that’s always been competitive. That never really changed and that continues today. So for us, as we think about our return profiles, you got to be disciplined. For us, as we think about it, when we look at deals, and we look at a lot of deals, we bid on a smaller number, just making sure that we think it’s going to meet our return profile. We do have some advantages. I think some of the analytics tools that Russell and his team are developing are helpful in that respect. The scale, the operational synergies, some of the other things that we can bring to the table, as we mentioned on our Investor Day, can help us boost our returns maybe a little bit more. But again, it’s always been a competitive market for high-quality property and we anticipate that remaining the case. And so you just have to be very smart about how you do timberland deals.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, I think that was our final question. So just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
George Staphos: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the year. Congratulations on everything that you’re doing with OpEx, it’s amazing what the company has done over the last number of years on that front.
George Staphos: So quick questions. First, in the South, could you give us a bit more color in terms of the outlook for timber this year and what you’re seeing in the first quarter? I would have expected maybe a bit more positive outlook for 1Q, given obviously where lumber prices are, what you’ve discussed in the past that wood capacity going into the market. Any thoughts there would be great. Second question, what is – what are you seeing in terms of the near supply? And how are you set up relative to engineered wood? And what are the sort of commercial opportunities you see in EWP for maybe further realization improvement over this year? And then I had one follow-up, time allowing.
George Staphos: All right, Devin. Thanks for that. I’ll turn it over and if there’s time, I’ll come in the queue. Thanks, Devin. Thanks, Nancy.
