Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the second quarter by business segment is summarized on Chart 11. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands.  Export log demand in Asia is anticipated to remain strong. In the West, sales realizations and volumes are expected to increase somewhat but this will likely be offset by rising prices for diesel fuel and seasonal increases in road and silvicultural costs. In South, we anticipate slightly higher sales volumes and flat sales realizations. Earnings in the South will also be negatively affected by rising fuel.  Overall, not including the effect of any nonstrategic land sales, we expect Timberland earnings to increase somewhat in the second quarter compared to the first.  Market conditions in Wood Products for the second quarter are very uncertain. We have yet to experience normal signs of the spring building season. However, our forecast does include somewhat higher sales volumes for all products. Sales realizations for most product lines are expected to be flat.  Higher productivity as a result of increased production volume should lead to more favorable manufacturing efficiencies, partially offset by increased log costs. We expect the loss in the second quarter to narrow compared to the first quarter and we should be cash positive.  Global demand in our Cellulose Fibers segment continues to be robust. We expect sales realizations to improve in the second quarter compared to the first. Sales volumes are anticipated to also increase slightly. Freight costs will likely be higher during the quarter.  Additional planned maintenance outages will lead to higher maintenance costs and additional lost productivity for the second quarter as compared to the first. After the second quarter, our planned outages will be complete for the year. Despite these increased costs, we expect that overall, earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will increase compared to the first quarter.  In our Real Estate segment, we expect our single-family homebuilding business to improve seasonally during the second quarter. Homes closed are anticipated to increase to approximately 500 closings compared to 363 closings in Q1. The average closing price will likely decline slightly due to mix. However, we anticipate margins to continue to be strong at around 20% to 22%.  We remain focused on actions within our control despite the continued headwinds of weak consumer confidence, only modest job growth and buyers challenged by mortgage qualification issues. We expect to earn a small profit in the second quarter in our single-family homebuilding business.  Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. Our cash balance as of the end of the quarter was just under $1.5 billion. Capital spending during the first quarter was approximately $47 million. For the full year, we expect to spend between $250 million to $270 million. We anticipate receiving approximately $15 million in credits from the Canadian government for projects at our Grande Prairie Alberta pulp mill.  Our current bank credit facility of $1 billion expires at the end of this year. No borrowings are outstanding under the agreement and we anticipate replacing this facility by the end of the second quarter. We have $30 million of debt payments due in the second quarter which completes our scheduled debt maturities for the year.  Our noncash pension expense and postretirement expense in the first quarter was a charge of about $24 million. This was slightly higher than what we anticipate on a quarterly basis for the remainder of the year.  Based on updated estimates of the funded status of our U.S. qualified pension plan, we will not be required to make a contribution for 2011. At year end, we had estimated that the U.S. planned contribution could have been as much as $20 million. We still do expect to fund approximately $80 million into our Canadian plan later this year.  Now, I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Patricia Bedient: So I think the whole question of the impact of China on the domestic market is difficult to dimension because we do have some logs that we sell domestically that could go to export, so others that are exporting as well, as well as some of the domestic producers are shipping lumber to China. So that helps the domestic market as well for domestic producers. So I think it's a little mixed in terms of the China impact isn't really all exported, it does flow over a little bit to the domestic market, which is good given that the U.S. housing market is weak.
Patricia Bedient: Well, Chip, as you look at that, you're right on the pension. And I would remind you that what's in the corporate segment is just pension and postretirement that doesn't get allocated to the segment. So in the reporting package to try to help you dimension that a little bit better, on Page 4 we give you the total company look by quarter. And then back on Page 9 in the Corporate & Other segment, we give you what portion of that runs through corporate. So that should help you with the pension and postretirement benefits. And you're right in terms of a go-forward number. It's probably $4 million to $5 million left on a per quarter basis than what it was in the first quarter. Now if you think about the variable comp expense tied to the stock, most of that really is a function of the stock price. And it runs in a couple of areas. One, we do have some stock appreciation rights that we use for our equity plans in Canada. And then we also have deferred comp that is  in share equivalent. The share equivalents are about, I think, roughly 1 million shares at the end of the quarter, and the stock price moved about $6 in the quarter. So that should help you dimension that movement quarter-to-quarter. And on a go-forward basis, I would say exclusive of those items, probably $10 million to $15 million a quarter in the Corporate & Other segment would be a good rule of thumb. As you know, the Corporate & Other segment is sort of the catch-all segment and it does get impacted by things like foreign exchange, stock price, et cetera. So directionally, keeping those things in mind I think will help you chart what that corporate expense will be on a go-forward basis.
Patricia Bedient: Well, we really haven't seen improvement as we go into May and June. Usually, we would expect to see some, and we held realizations flat in the forecast. As you appropriately note, in April, those realizations are a little softer. So if we don't get any pickup, then I would say that there's a possible downward pressure on the flat realization forecast.
Patricia Bedient: Well, I think that would be fair, George, to say that in our forecast, we said that we would be cash positive for the second quarter. We said that the loss would narrow on an EBIT basis, and our forecast was realization flat. So we would not be to cash -- or to operating breakeven during the second quarter but we do expect to be cash flow positive.
Patricia Bedient: Yes, I think as you think about working capital, especially in Wood Products, you're coming off a very low year end, the December and holiday season. So that's a good portion of that build as well and it is pretty typical year-over-year. I would say that if we had more confidence in the housing outlook, we would have built more working capital than what you see there although it is something that we monitor very closely. And we would not expect to be building additional working capital in the second quarter.
Patricia Bedient: And a number of those costs, in addition to the selling, were actually costs that were cost at the corporate center in terms of allocated cost that historically kinds of costs that would be allocated to the segment for their use for things like IT and other services. And we have been working pretty steadily across the company to bring those costs down in line with Wood Products operating posture. So I think it's the combination of the selling, the G&A, the G&A that is direct into the business as well. And as Dan said, I think in that business, we're really trying to pull all the levers that we can.
Patricia Bedient: As you think about it in our Timberlands business, Mark, diesel fuel really is the biggest impact there. And it is a significant impact. If we were to take the prices that we have currently and have those for the rest of the year given where we were at the beginning of the year, it could be as much as a $20 million to $25 million impact for the rest of the year. So that's the primary piece. As it relates to sale of fibers, fuel, of course, impacts freight costs there. And then the other major impact, I would say, as you think about oil prices, flows over somewhat into our Wood Products business in terms of the cost for resin, et cetera. So those would be the major pieces.
Patricia Bedient: So you do have some movement in mix, Mark, because Japan is still our biggest overall market. But in terms of movement quarter-over-quarter, I would say that China, which has a little bit lower price log, was a bigger -- had a bigger movement in the overall mix.
Patricia Bedient: So Rick, this is Patty, why don't I take the maintenance outage question? As you think about your average outage for our mill sets, on average, they'll run about 10 to 12 days and it will be about $1 million a day, just round numbers. So let's just say that's $12 million a mill. In the first quarter, we had two mills that were down. So that would be a total of $24 million. And then as Kathy said in her comments, we did spend about $7 million in the first quarter on the outages for the second quarter, just getting ready for those outages. So that would be around just a little bit over $30 million for the maintenance cost itself in the first quarter, and we do expense maintenance as it's incurred. So as we move into the second quarter then, I said we would complete our remaining outages for the year. So that means we have four in the second quarter. So again, back to our $12 million a mill, that would be $12 million times four, it would be $48 million. And if you took the $7 million that we already spent on that, we'd be just over $40 million. Now those are for average outages. And we do have one mill in the second quarter where we will be installing a capital project. So its outages, a little over twice as long or about twice as long as our normal outage would be. So let's just say that's another $10 million. So roughly quarter-over-quarter, you're looking at probably just over $30 million for the first quarter and just under $50 million for the second quarter for an increase of a little under $20 million.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. In summary, despite challenging conditions in the U.S. housing market which are worse than one year ago, we continue to make progress during the first quarter to improve our financial performance. We're expecting improvement in all businesses in the second quarter based upon actions that we've taken and improvements that we have made in order to increase our competitiveness.  We're focused on making the most of existing market conditions and we're prepared to leverage our scale to take full advantage of any market improvement.  As we now get ready to turn to questions, I want to make one final comment in anticipation of perhaps questions about weather events this week in the South. We've all heard and seen on TV stories of tornadoes throughout the South that's affected some of our operations in both our Timberlands, Cellulose Fibers and Wood Products business.  First of all, I want to say that all of our employees and their families are safe. We are assessing damage as we speak. We suffered some limited power outage at our Columbus Modified Fiber facility but our pulp mill is operating. We've had some limited damage of Timberlands, but we won't have any full assessment until we're able to get up in the air and survey the damage.  We've had some property damage in some of our Wood Products facilities and some minor power outages, but at this point, it's likely that there will be no material impact on our activities in the second quarter, and we'll have further reports as our people are able to get back out to the field. I just wanted to provide an additional assessment of how we've come through this past week.  So with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Patty and invite your questions.
Daniel Fulton: I think, Gail, in the first quarter, there is some build in inventory in anticipation of a building season. We talked on the last call about waiting until after the Super Bowl to see if there's a spring selling season. Based upon what we reported this morning and what we see certainly reported nationally, the market is still very soft but we, as you noted, did have some increase in activity. More importantly, for our Wood Products business, we've seen increase in margins which is related to the focus that we've had on focusing on our pricing as well as cost management. But as I noted in my comments and I spent a fair amount of time talking about it, we are concerned about U.S. housing recovery. The first quarter numbers are not healthy, and so we're managing our business based upon the volume that's available today and positioning ourselves to grow with the recovery.
Daniel Fulton: Well, there's a bit of a lag. We're already one month into the quarter, and so the guidance that we've provided is the best information that we've got.
Daniel Fulton: So to answer the questions sequentially, talking about general Chinese trends, Gail, we've been watching the building demand over the last 18 months. Lumber demand has primarily impacted Canadian lumber producers in the West. In Timberlands business, the log demand from China has occurred primarily in operations in Washington and Oregon. As we noted, we've had a steady increase in the amount of export that we've been shipping to China. In the lumber business in Canada, it started several years ago with shipments of beetle-damaged wood, and gradually, the volumes have picked up and the quality has picked up. As we've noted before, the Wood Products are going into industrial uses, primarily forms for concrete work, shoring, pallets and packing. We don't see demand backing off at this point, and so we are taking advantage of the opportunity in our Timberlands business to increase flows to the market because we've got longer-term relationships and we've got strategically advantaged logistical facilities. And we are shipping some lumber out of Canada, but given the location of our sawmills, it's not a heavy percentage.
Daniel Fulton: It is a concern because as you know and as we've talked about, the U.S. housing market has been relatively weak, and so there's not a lot of pricing power for lumber producers. So log prices have moved up because of the demand from Asia and it is putting a bit of a squeeze on lumber producers.
Daniel Fulton: And then, I think as I mentioned related to the Japanese earthquake, we would anticipate that there would be a pickup in demand from the West Coast, not only for logs but for lumber. But at this point, it's too early to tell what the timing will be because they do have to work through their issues of infrastructure before they are ready to take on significant rebuilding of permanent structures. The focus right now is on temporary structures because of the incredible amount of damage that was done in the tsunami.
Daniel Fulton: We are. We've seen very little disruption, Gail, in shipments to Japan. Immediately after the earthquake, there was the need for some rerouting and some short-term disruption. In our log export business, we had some logs that were scheduled to be shipped to Japan and on a short-term basis, they were rerouted to China. But we expect that the Japan demand will come back.
Daniel Fulton: Costs are coming down for a couple of reasons, George. Part of it is the higher utilization rate at our mills that is in part related to permanent closures that we took at the end of last year. So we are operating at a higher rate in lumber and in OSB, slightly higher rate in our solid sections. With respect to lumber, we got very high operating rates in Canada, somewhat lower in the U.S. But those utilization rates should be sustainable given the level of demand that we see today. We're also enjoying some benefits from reduced SG&A. As compared to fourth quarter, we brought our SG&A in the business down by 13%. So it is a focus on tightening up costs, as well as our general focus in our Wood Products businesses to work the margins very heavily and in some cases, we do have some pricing opportunity. But we've got to be working both price and margin.
Daniel Fulton: Operating rates, let's take that one first. In lumber for the quarter, our operating rate approached 80%. In our OSB business, we were running at around 66% and in our engineered business, it continues to be in the mid-30s. As you know, engineered products go into new home construction, whereas at least with OSB and lumber, we've got some alternative outlets and potential export plus the home improvement warehouse business. With respect to the initiatives in Wood Products, we have a wide range of initiatives underway in every single one of our product lines: lumber, OSB, engineered and in our distribution business. We need to be making progress in all of those to get to the numbers that we're projecting, and we're making progress. So I'm really pleased with the amount of activity that we have ongoing in our Wood Products business to improve our competitiveness. But we have not completed the initiatives and they are ongoing and we need to continue to improve in every single one of those in order to hit the numbers that we projected.
Daniel Fulton: Working capital build that you see in Wood Products is seasonal. It is normal this time of the year that you would build first quarter. The utilization of our working capital has also improved over time. We continue to focus on increased inventory turns in our distribution business, as well as the manufacturing portion of our businesses. And I would not say that there's no opportunity there. We continue to work it not just in the Wood Products business but every business that we've got.
Daniel Fulton: A lot of that, Mark, came out of selling costs as we looked at our business and evaluated what we really needed in operating. I would say, that there is -- that is the run rate that we've got today but we are looking for ongoing opportunities to bring it down. It was a notable change. And those were actions that we took last year in order to align our cost structure with the market situation that we find ourselves in.
Daniel Fulton: We are. I think some of this is a reaction to anemic U.S. housing starts numbers. I mean, that's really the driver for lumber especially across the West. And in the South also. We're just not seeing the starts levels that had been anticipated as we entered the year. I made a comment that as we were entering the year, we were expecting starts at about 525,000 single-family. That was certainly not at the high end of the range of forecast. And what we're seeing now is those forecasts starting to drop below 500,000. Yesterday, NAHB [National Association of Home Builders] came out with a revised forecast at slightly under 480,000. And so I think that the Chinese demand for lumber and logs has been important but the main driver is U.S. housing.
Daniel Fulton: Historically, that's the case. You used the comment, the term richer mix, and we've seen the quality of logs that are shipped to China increase over the last 12 months. Some of that is related to availability of logs out of the West. And we're working to try to improve the data that we do get to you so you have a better understanding of our business. So we'll take your question as input. And we got an Analyst Meeting coming up where we're going to talk about Timberlands and so we'll try to give you some greater visibility.
Daniel Fulton: The bleach board business is located in Longview. It's part of our Longview complex. And it starts to get relatively complex in terms of shared services and integration with other activities. That business is much improved, and in fact we are significant player in that market. There are only a limited number of producers of that product. We've got great long-term relationships, and we are a significant seller of that product in Japan so it's a significant contributor of cash. It's operating better than it has ever been for us. And at this point, it continues to be part of the portfolio.
Daniel Fulton: Okay. So that is a comment really around the relative mix of closings and where they came from. So fourth quarter, we would have had a higher percentage of closings coming from Southern California, in particular San Diego. First quarter, there were more closings in other markets. And so on the first quarter statement and as Patty said in her outlook for second quarter about margins, it is a function of where those closings occur. We would expect, as we have in the past, to see a pickup in mix towards California in the back half of the year. But as I reported when we talk about activity on a year-over-year basis, our sales activity is much lower in California than it has been. So somewhat of a concern as we look at what margins might be, and it's too early to tell what that would be in the third and fourth quarter. At this point, we've got a very good sense of what second quarter activity is going to be because those homes are fundamentally in escrow.
Daniel Fulton: Just as a final comment, I made a note in my remarks that energy also does affect consumer confidence. The translation of oil prices into gas prices at the pump does have an impact on consumer confidence which affects the homebuilding business, which ultimately, as you know, flows back to the Wood Products business. When we get to $5 a gallon for gasoline, people start to change their habits and it makes them cautious.
Daniel Fulton: Yes. Patty talked about this about six weeks ago in a conference, and we are making a product, which has the ability to be an extender for dissolving pulp. It has a brand name called Pearl. And I think the estimate that we've made recently was that we may have as much as 60,000 tons this year. We've had very strong market response for that product. We've had a very limited number of shipments so far but we're building an order book for the balance of the year. It does give us the potential to increase average realizations across the pulp business. It's going to be a relatively small percentage of total production. But on the margin, it will give us some increased pricing power and it should benefit us. And you'll start to see that more in the balance of the year. Very limited activity in the first quarter.
Daniel Fulton: Well, it's not a 1-for-1 substitution. So as we shift over to that product, we have a corresponding loss in fluff volume, slightly more than 1:1, but it is more than made up by the increase in price.
Daniel Fulton: It's a small percentage of Wood Products historically. They've been a major log customer. We ship to Japan primarily from Canada where we ship our J-grade product. And out of our operations in Canada, it is a small percentage that flows there. As demand may pick up for rebuilding, we would have the ability perhaps to pick up lumber exports not just from Canada but also the U.S. But primarily, they're a purchaser of spruce, and so that would be coming out of our Canadian operations. By and far, as we talked about Japan, it's a log market and it is a Cellulose Fibers market for us, both pulp and liquid packaging board.
Daniel Fulton: I don't have numbers on the impact on our log shipments from that period. The most significant aspect of the Kobe rebuild was that wood frame construction performed very well in that earthquake. And so following that earthquake, there was a more significant adoption of Western-style framing for the construction of single-family homes. And that's now part of their building code so that's not a barrier that we would have to overcome. Longer term, that may be an opportunity for us in China because the Chinese do not build stick frame homes. They build with concrete and brick. And so a terrific long-term opportunity if the Chinese would start to build wood frame houses. So I can't comment on the impact on our log exports. I can just tell you that we've got solid long-term customers that buy our logs, that convert them into structural wood frame products. And so we're positioned with those relationships, not only with the operators of sawmills, but also the trading companies that we've worked with over the years that to the extent that there's a market opportunity and a demand for those products, we'd be able to take advantage of that.
Daniel Fulton: I can't comment on your modeling and how you would approach it. I assume that we will receive our share of product demand for rebuilding. But remember, they get Wood Products from all over the world, not just North America sending either our finished lumber or logs to Japan. The key for us is to leverage the long-term relationships and the logistical advantages that we have and we will take advantage of this much opportunity as possible. And the timing will play out. As I said, they need to deal with temporary housing. There's about 150,000 homes that were destroyed, their focus right now is on temporary housing which is both steel and wood frame, and then they'll get to focusing on permanent rebuilding. And in some cases, some of the homes that were damaged are in areas where it's going to be a while before there's any rebuilding because they have concerns about radiation, of course.
Daniel Fulton: Well, prices have been moving up and there is some mix. We also have some portion of our logs, as Patty said, that are actually sold domestically to customers that end up flowing them to Asia. So I'm not sure that I'm answering your question, Mark. Restate it one more time.
Daniel Fulton: There's been some tightening in paper grade fluff index. Prices have been off a bit. There is some substitution that's taking place where there's some fluff that is moving into the dissolving market and conversion of some machines. Our forecast that Patty provided is that we expect average realizations to be up. And that's a function of, in part, what we see as forward pricing but also there's some estimate of mix as we start to flow in some of our Pearl product.
Daniel Fulton: We are always in the market looking at land, in large part, to improve the mix of what we've got. The nonstrategic land that we sold in the first quarter was whitewood land. And we have had a strategy of moving into land that was better suited for Douglas fir. And so on the margin, we are always in the market but we have no significant nonstrategic land parcels on the market today.
Daniel Fulton: We're absolutely prepared to discuss that. We've provided numbers in the past. If you look at our inventory, we have a relatively small percentage of HBU because we have, over time, been active in marketing HBU and disposing of it. In terms of core versus noncore. A majority of our Timberlands, we consider to be core. They're in our primary operating areas and so we don't have any significant amount of land that we would consider not to be core. But we're happy to share those numbers and we'll provide a little bit more color in May. We have done that in the past and our core lands are well over 90% if you look at our Timberlands.
Daniel Fulton: Okay, just a final comment. As always, we appreciate your comments and questions. And as a reminder, our Annual Investor Meeting will be held at the Sofitel Hotel in New York, 9 a.m. on Thursday, May 19, and I hope that many of you on the call will be able to join us. If you have further questions following today's call, I encourage you to follow up with Kathy McAuley. And I want to thank you for all joining us this morning.
