Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets, starting with housing. On balance, our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged. Despite elevated mortgage interest rates, the single-family segment remains solid and continues to be supported by strong overall demand for housing, a limited inventory of existing homes on the market and actions taken by the large homebuilders to offset affordability challenges. In contrast, activity in the multifamily segment has moderated given the elevated interest rate environment and the recent and upcoming influx of multifamily units entering the market. As a reminder, single-family construction is a much more important demand driver for our business than multifamily.   For the first quarter, housing starts averaged 1.4 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis with single-family starts holding up well. However, we do think homebuilding activity in the first quarter was impacted to some degree by various weather events across the U.S. So the spring building season has been a little slower to kick into high gear. As we move deeper into 2024, we're still expecting healthy demand for housing, particularly in the single-family segment. That's consistent with what we are hearing from our homebuilding customers. On longer term, our view on the housing fundamentals continues to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbilled housing stock.   Turning to repair and remodel. Activity has been a little softer to start off the year, particularly in the do-it-yourself segment. Moving forward, we expect R&R activity to pick up somewhat as weather conditions improve and continue to believe that demand will ultimately be supported by prospective homebuyers that elect to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home in the current rate environment. And beyond 2024, most of the key drivers supporting solid repair and remodel demand remain intact including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock.  So in closing, we delivered solid results across our businesses in the first quarter. We also continue to make progress toward our multiyear targets by increasing our quarterly base dividend and signing our third CCS agreement.   Looking forward, we're encouraged by the strong underlying fundamentals that will drive long-term growth for housing and repair and remodel demand and natural climate solutions. And given our unmatched portfolio of assets, we're uniquely positioned to capitalize on these opportunities well into the future. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong, and we remain focused on driving peer-leading performance across our businesses, serving our customers and delivering superior long-term value and returns for our shareholders. With that, I think we can open it up for questions. 
Devin Stockfish: So I answer the third one first with respect to the $100 million. We're still working towards that run rate, $100 million by the end of 2025. As we get closer to that end date, we'll obviously work with you on updating what that longer-term number is, but we're not prepared to do that today. With respect to the first question on the timber markets in the Northwest, the lower realizations was really more a reflection just on mix and not so much on #2, Doug fir log prices, those were just fine. So we moved some, as we always do, looking for the best margin opportunity in Q1 to meet some customer demands. As we roll into Q2, as we noted, we're seeing pretty strong demand from our customers in China, not withstand all of the market dynamics there. So we have an opportunity to flex a little bit more volume to China in Q2, and that's what we're going to do.   And that's typical, we'll move back and forth depending on what the best margin opportunity is. With respect to EWP, we have seen some downward price pressure here coming out of the peak of the pandemic, but I think it's important to put that in historical context. We still have very strong EWP pricing relative to pre-pandemic. We still see strong demand. I think on the I-joist side, in particular, one of the dynamics at play during the real peak of the pandemic where we saw product shortages. We did see some conversion to open web during that period. And so we're working on regaining that market share. Obviously, with lumber prices being relatively lower right now, from a cost standpoint, it may take a little bit longer to pull some of that market share back to I-Joist.   But we're working on that. The team is doing a nice job of picking up customers and making that conversion. As we think about Q2, as Davie mentioned, we're expecting comparable realizations, and we'll see the volume pick up in Q2 and Q3. So still a good market. I still think there's a lot of opportunity in EWP notwithstanding pricing coming down a little bit from those pandemic peak levels. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. With respect to the specific economics at this point, we're not prepared to release that, we're really working on signing up new contracts. And I think just from a competitive positioning standpoint for not to do that at this point, we will obviously at some later date. It's going to be a growing component of NCS. The NPV uplift on doing a solar project is always going to be the right answer relative to timber multiple uplift on NPV. So you're going to sign those up as often as you can. The challenges with many of the NCS businesses is just the time line to get these things hooked into the grid. We're signing up pretty healthy number of agreements. We're building up a really nice pipeline.   As I mentioned, we've been really thoughtful about the counterparties that we're engaging with, really trying to get the high-end developers to improve the conversion rate. It's important to remember, not every solar agreement you signed is necessarily going to convert into a project that comes to fruition, but I think we'll have a pretty good success rate just given the partners that we're engaging with. So as I said, that will be a growing component of our NCS and even in the $100 million, that will be a decent component of that. But obviously, it will grow over time as more of these projects come online. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Sue, I think you hit the nail on the head there. The big issue, I think, right now, given that single-family construction has been relatively strong. Although I would note even though we've seen strong housing numbers of late on a seasonally adjusted basis, you do see more actual building activity as you get into spring and summer. So there is just that natural increase in the demand for lumber and wood products as the number of actual building activity picks up. But I think the real issue, and this is particularly true for Southern Yellow Pine is R&R has been okay. It hasn't been terrible, but we just haven't seen as much of that spring R&R activity as we typically would have seen I think in the South, in particular, some of the treated market, we haven't necessarily seen as much buying activity there, which obviously Southern Yellow Pine lumber is big in that treated market.   So I do think as we get deeper into the spring beyond some of these weather events, I expect that to pick up somewhat. And so we'll see some of that tensioning up as we get a little bit deeper into the year. But I think with lumber, obviously, about 40% of the ultimate demand is repair and remodel. So if that's a little bit softer, that does have a bit of an impact on pricing. For the SPF and Doug fir markets, I think maybe the outdoor market isn't quite as important, but particularly for Doug fir, the California market is very important. And it was a pretty rainy Q1, it's drying out, you're starting to see a pickup in activity, and I think that will put some upward pressure on Doug for prices as we move deeper into the spring and summer. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, on some level, yes, because I suspect there's a good chunk of the industry that's been operating below cash breakeven. So historically, that would have caused people to make certain operating decisions. I do think, to some extent, there's still this residual concern coming out of the pandemic around labor and just to the extent people think that prices are going to turn around, kind of trying to hold out a little bit longer, so you don't jeopardize the available labor force in your mills. So perhaps that's some of it. But ultimately, you wouldn't expect people to operate indefinitely if they're below cash breakeven, which I think where our Southern Yellow Pine prices are, for some of the industry, I think that's certainly the case right now. 
Devin Stockfish: I think for lumber, I would say inventory levels are adequate. We've had a few years where they were more or less operating on a pretty lean basis. I think to a large extent, buyers have built up some inventory. I mean, I wouldn't say it's excessive by any means, but at least it's enough for people to not have to be aggressive in terms of their lumber buying, which has been a headwind on price. OSB has been a little bit leaner. I'd say on balance, the channel is still pretty lean on the OSB side. And I'd say EWP is pretty typical for this time of year, not terribly low or high, just generally in normal range for this time of year. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean we may have minor disagreements in terms of the specific numbers, but directionally, I think what others are talking about aligned with how we're thinking about it, at least for quality projects. I think the differentiator for us, Mark, is really a couple of things. One, particularly on the forest carbon development, we are doing more of that work internally, so we get to keep more of the economics. And then just from a scale standpoint, we have the opportunity to participate maybe at a larger level. But directionally, in terms of NPV uplift, I think those are generally in the ballpark, at least in our view. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it is a multiyear process. So you have to go through the process of, first, we provide certain geologic information, but the counterparty is going to do their work and their analysis on that. There's a permitting process as we all know. In the U.S., permitting is very challenging. And so that's a process that has to be worked through either at the EPA level as the one in Mississippi or at the state level now that Louisiana has gotten primacy from EPA. That's a lengthy process that has to be undertaken. Then there's the process of actually building the injection facility on site and the pipeline development. So all of that work does take a bit of time and frankly, probably has taken a little bit more time than we had anticipated when we rolled out these targets initially back in 2021. But again, ultimately, we think this is going to be a healthy business for us. We think the demand is definitely there, but you just have to work through the process. But the beauty is once it's up and running, it's a recurring revenue stream for decades. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it's probably another 100,000, 75,000 acres over and above that just because 3 of the 5 sites that are part of that Lapis agreement were not part of our initial estimate and so I think that has expanded the potential opportunity zone. I will say just a cautionary note with respect to the acreage references, since we will continue to manage the above-ground land base on those projects outside of a very small sliver for the pipeline and the injection site. It's not necessarily the greatest proxy for how much underground space. We use that just to kind of help dimension. Ultimately, each of these sites will have their own poor space availability. But we do think that the opportunity with Lapis is a nice way to continue to expand our potential opportunities within the CCS space. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it's really hard to do that, Mark, because each one it's going to be different. So I'd be hard-pressed to give you sort of a rule of thumb number since each one is going to be differential. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it's really just the lag effect because you're talking about a 3- to 5-week lag trailing behind random lengths. And so what you typically see when you have the tighter markets for us with OSB is we lag on the upside, but then we hold it longer on the downside. That's really it. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So lumber kind of in the high 70% operating rate; in OSB, it was the low 90s; EWP was the high 70s. And so again, I think we saw on the lumber side, that operating rate was a little lower probably than we would have anticipated, but that should move back up in Q2. Really, operating rates for all 3 businesses should move up in Q2. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, a couple of things going on last year in '23. First of all, I think we are still struggling to get fully staffed up across our mill set. I think we are in a much better place today than we were a year ago. So that's number one. Number two, if you remember back at the beginning of 2023 with where mortgage rates were going, I think our view was that it was going to be a much more challenging housing environment. And so we made a decision to pull back a little bit on production to align with what we thought was going to happen in the housing market. Now obviously, that's not how things turned out.  And the challenge with EWP is once you get behind the 8 ball, it's hard to get back to even. And so it took us a good chunk of the year to really get our volumes to customers back where they needed to be. We are in allocation for most of the year. So I think heading into this year, just a different view. I think we've seen that the market can operate well even in a higher mortgage rate environment. And so we were running in Q1 at normal operating levels and we'll continue to do that. So I don't expect us to have the same challenge this year. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think historically, you would think it's a several year process. So typically, you sign up an agreement for a number of acres. Usually, that initial acreage is going to be larger. The counterparty will go in, do their work, do the assessment on just the economics of the size and scale, et cetera. And that process is pretty straightforward. I think that things really extended this time line of late is there is so much solar activity going on right now. The permitting process has become quite challenging. I think whether it's at the federal, state, local level, they just don't have the resources available to work through the level of permitting activity, that's number one.  Number two, even after you get to that point, tying into the grid, we have an aging infrastructure. And so just the ability to tie new renewable projects into the grid takes a little bit longer than it probably should. You have to work through the utilities. There aren't enough energy engineers to do the balancing assessment and work as things get tied into the grid. So there's just -- the pipeline is fairly large, but there are some pinch points along the way that extends this out. So you're typically now from signing to actually having a solar project up and running, it's a multiyear process, 3, 4 years if things are working well. 
Devin Stockfish: But I will just reiterate the point. That all being said, once these come on, you have a 30-year recurring revenue that just increases with every year and you've got escalators for inflation. So it's a wonderful revenue stream once they're up and running. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I mean, the good news is we've been working on OpEx and cost for a decade. So I think we're, relatively speaking, well positioned on the cost curve. When you think about the last 2 quarters, it's obviously been a tougher pricing environment. But the real challenge for us has been primarily in the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia. And the challenge there is if prices come down a lot quicker than log prices, it can create an environment that's very difficult. Now it's important to remember, even in the Pacific Northwest where lumber profitability has been challenged as a system we're still obviously profitable when you think about our Timberlands and Wood Products business together. But as we think about our system as a whole, Pacific Northwest, British Columbia, you're going to be hard-pressed to find anybody that has a lower cost -- unit cost to manufacture lumber than Weyerhaeuser.  And so as the prices come up, which we believe they will, and to some extent, SPF and Green Doug fir are already coming up a little bit. I think we're going to be positioned just fine in those markets. And in the South, the vast majority of our mills are top quartile cost structure mills. So even at today's prices, where I think much of the industry is going to have a hard time driving profitability. We should as long as we run reasonably well, we should still be black at the bottom really under any circumstance in the U.S. South. So yes, it's been a little bit more challenging the last couple of quarters, but I think we're well positioned moving forward. Our relative position in the industry is still very strong, and I think we'll see that play out over the coming quarters. And obviously, at some point, we do believe that lumber prices are going to move up materially, whether that's next week, next month or some time after that. And I think we'll be very well positioned when that does happen. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Maybe I'll break it down by some of the key components. From a single-family residential construction, that's particularly true for the bigger builders. I mean I think they've been remarkably nimble and resilient in managing through this environment. They're still going to build. I think they figured out how to build through this higher rate environment. So I think they're doing just fine. I do think on the multifamily segment, you have seen more interest rate sensitivity. I think that's the one I would highlight really more so than others that has been impacted by the higher interest rate environment and the inflationary dynamic at play right now. I would just point out, as you think about multifamily, one, obviously, single-family is a more important market for us than multifamily.  But even within multifamily, if you look at the spike of volume that's hit the market last year and this year, I think you'd see it's primarily that increases in those higher rise multifamily projects, the -- and those don't typically use all that much wood. The lower rise, the mid-rise, those kind of 1 to 3, 4 to 6 kind of type multifamily, you haven't seen that same spike of volume coming to the market in that space. And so consequently, we don't necessarily think that's going to come down as much. And those units do typically use more wood. So I'm not sure that falloff in multifamily is going to impact us as much as you might think. And then on the repair and remodel, the Pro segment seems to be doing fine even in these higher interest rate environments. I think do-it-yourself has been impacted somewhat, whether that's inflation, whether that's interest rates. As I said earlier, I think that's probably a little bit softer this year. We'll see how that progresses as the year continues. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes, the timing lag is accurate. Typically, price actions can be anywhere from 30, 60, 90 days to come to effect depending on the specific dynamic with that customer. So you have seen -- and that's kind of the Q1 story is some of those prior actions taking full effect in Q1. With respect to the fiber cost or input costs, that's primarily an OSB web stock comment with I-joist, you're right about that. I do think as that price moves up, does that take some of the lower-cost competitors trying to take market share, that puts a little bit more pressure on them. Do remember that for us, the OSB web stock comes from our internal mills. And so to the extent you see higher web stock pricing for EWP or cost for EWP, that means you're getting it on the other side with OSB. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Our expectation at this point is it's going to be a pretty typical year, somewhere in the $2 billion to $2.5 billion range for total transactions. We haven't seen a lot of big transactions hit the market this year. There is a larger package, I think, up in Northern Washington, Northwest Washington right now, I think that's on the market. But I do think you're still seeing a strong interest in the asset class, particularly for moderate to high-quality Timberland packages. The only thing that we've really seen, and this was true towards the end of late last year as well, maybe a little bit of less aggression on lower-quality packages. We've seen a few no sale transactions here of late. But nevertheless, I think for quality packages, you're still seeing a lot of interest and pricing has been very strong. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. You're talking about really only a percentage or 2 of difference. It wasn't intentional. It was really -- we had some weather events in the January time frame that caused us to lose a little production. We had one mill that had reliability challenges for a brief moment in time. But wasn't anything intentional. It was really just some operational things. But as I said, plan to move that up as we get into Q2. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, without looking at the numbers next year, that's kind of hard to pinpoint the specific numbers. But what I would say is directionally, when you look at what was happening during the pandemic, really couldn't get solid section or I-joist with a certain level of building activity really once it went over 1.5 million housing starts, there just wasn't enough EWP available. And so it put homebuilders in the position where to keep building homes, they had to find alternatives. And so whether that was using lumber instead of solid section or using open web instead of Engineered Wood Solutions, people did what they had to do. And so I do think all things being equal, most builders would prefer to have Engineered Wood Products. And so as that becomes available, and obviously, there's a cost component. Lumber prices have been a little bit lower, making some of those alternatives, a slightly better cost decision. But that being said, as lumber prices ultimately materialize. I do feel very good about the ability to build market share in EWP. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean for quality packages, you're seeing very strong pricing. Anything in that Washington, Oregon, area, at least kind of in the key manufacturing regions within those 2 states, very, very strong pricing. I think in the South, we're continuing to see good strong pricing again in markets where you have the decent supply/demand dynamic with mill availability. I do think you're still seeing people try to get their arms around how to underwrite carbon, but there's no question that, that is playing a part in how people value Timberlands really in most key regions. And I think that will continue to be the case. I think it's important to note, as you think about underwriting that carbon optionality, we're still kind of in the early stages of pinpointing what those numbers are going to look like.  If you think about the carbon sale that we did just here back in Q4 of last year at $29 a ton, I think that strong pricing. Our view is we're going to see pricing improve in the years to come. But you almost need more data points for people to really bake that hard into their underwriting process. So I think we'll continue to see that be a part of how people underwrite deals today, but probably more so into the future when you have more data points on how to price those carbon offsets. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, trends in the voluntary market are a little challenging because there's such a differential in terms of the quality of those projects that are coming to market, and it's still, to a large extent based off of individual transactions. So insight into pricing can be a bit challenging. That all being said, we continue to believe that we're going to get good solid premiums for the product that we're bringing to market. And we do think that as the demand continues to grow for these high-quality projects, pricing will go up over time. Each individual project, there are going to be puts and takes depending on what's going on in the market. But directionally, we feel good about the trajectory of carbon prices over the course of this year and over the next several years. 
Devin Stockfish: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day. 
Michael Roxland: Devin, I just wanted to follow up with you on the EWP operating rate. You mentioned it was in the high 70s in 1Q. That's down from the low 80s in 4Q. So just wondering, did you take increased downtime in EWP? I'm just trying to reconcile the operating rate comment or the rate itself with your earlier comment that you shipped greater EWP volumes in 4Q after being on allocation for most of the year. So help me just try to reconcile what happened in the operating rate and why do you bring it down in 1Q relative to 4Q. 
Michael Roxland: Got you. And where do you think it will be in 2Q? Are you looking at bringing it back to low 80s or even accelerating that beyond the low 80s given what you pointed out as better single-family demand. 
Michael Roxland: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up on EWP. One of the things I've heard in terms of why EWP is gaining demand -- gain share against lumber over the last few years. Just in terms of either construction making -- especially within the tight labor market. But when you look at EWP volumes, look at some of your peers in EWP volumes relative to single-family starts, single -- versus 2019, single-family starts are actually up, call it, 6% to 7% versus 2019 -- in 2019. And in that time, solid section volumes are down 4% and I-joist volumes are down close to 20%. So if I try to get a sense of if EWP is really gaining share against some lumber, why are the volumes down in EWP when single-family starts are up. 
