Russell Hagen: Thank you, Russell. 2017 was a strong year for Weyerhaeuser as we successfully completed our merge integration, further focused our portfolio, delivered improved financial performance across all our businesses and returned cash to shareholders by increasing our dividend. Going forward, I’m extremely optimistic about 2018 and our ability to continue to improve performance through operational excellence, fully capitalize on market conditions and demonstrate disciplined capital allocation to drive value for shareholders. And now, I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Russell Hagen: Yes, Collin, this is Russell. As far as how we look at the timber markets, we have 12.5 million acres in the United States and we’re in every major wood basket. And we have a team that really all they focus on is timber valuations and making sure that we understand kind of the relative values in the market. So we see everything coming on to the market. And if there’s an opportunity that fits within our portfolio and we can create shareholder value, we’ll take a hard look at that. But we always approach this in a very disciplined manner. Again, our goal over the long-term is to continue to grow the business and increase shareholder value. But we’re going to do it very disciplined.
Russell Hagen: There’s a couple of transactions that I think will carry over into 2018 that were kind of in the pipeline in 2017 that didn’t close. But beyond, probably what’s in the broader news and what’s available, I don’t see anything else meaningful.
Russell Hagen: Yes. So let me take that in a couple of steps. The first is, we do have $62 million maturity that we actually paid off yesterday and that was a pretty high coupon rate about 7%. We paid that off with available cash, because it really wasn’t – it didn’t make sense to go and refinance such a small maturity. As far as our $1.8 billion, I think that you’re referring to are the future debt maturities. We have a lot of flexibility around that and we’re well positioned from a balance sheet standpoint to address that when it comes up, but we don’t see any concerns with that. As far as our leverage ratios, you’re correct. We are – have a target leverage ratio of 3.5 times net debt to EBITDA and that’s really over the cycle. So in some years, we’re going to be a little lower and some years we’re going to be little higher. Right now, we’re a little lower and that’s a function of – we have paid down some debt and restructured some debt, but we’ve also had improvement in our EBITDA. So we see that. We’re in a very comfortable position, and it provides us with a lot of flexibility should an opportunity arise and we want to go tap the capital markets.
Russell Hagen: Sure. So, first, big picture. We’re harvesting on a sustainable level. So in the West, as we mentioned at our Investor Day last year, the harvest will decline modestly in 2018, and that’s really a function of working through the older age timber on the Longview acquisition. And so we’ll see the harvest level, level out starting in 2018 and then we’ll see moderate growth in that in 2023.
Doyle Simons: Yes, Mark, I’ll tell you. I’m encouraged by what we see in the Wood Products market. If you look at lumber markets, you’ve got growing demand from housing going up, and as I said, optimistic about what we’re going to see in 2018. I’m encouraged that the millennials are showing up, also anticipate strong repair remodeling markets. You’ve got lean inventories. You’ve got high operating rates. You’ve got less lumber coming in from Canada and that was down roughly 5% in 2017 versus 2016, and now, we’re moving into the stronger building season. So encouraged by what we’re seeing in lumber markets. Likewise in OSB, clearly have growing demand, driven by the same things I just outlined again, lean inventories, high operating rates. Now, we all know there’s new capacity coming on. But I think, this industry should be able to absorb that capacity assuming demand continues to grow, which it will. Now there will be some volatility and lumpiness as that new capacity comes online. But the other thing about the new capacity, Mark, as you very well know, it takes – normally it takes longer to bring up new capacity, especially when you’re bringing up capacity of mills that have been down for an extended period of time. So overall, pretty optimistic about what we’re seeing. And then, of course, in engineered wood products, as we mentioned, we have announced a price increase of 6% to 12%. And we think in terms of that, we all should – we’ll start to realize that in the second quarter and by the end of second quarter probably have half of that, or maybe a little more that we will realize by the end of the second quarter. So overall pretty optimistic about wood products markets.
Doyle Simons: So, Mark, as you said, Western log markets have been very positive. We continue to be encouraged about what we see in those markets. Domestically, you’ve got the strong demand and pricing improvements, and Japan continued solid demand low inventories. We anticipate higher prices and volumes in Q1 versus Q4. Post and beam construction was up, which is the key driver for us, I present in in 2017 versus 2016. And in China, we’ll have a little policy here as we go through the Lunar New Year. But if you just look at 2017 versus 2016, log exports were up from the U.S. to China up over 10% and we can – we expect continued strong markets. Overall, it’s a weaker – as we said a strong dollar is bad for Weyerhaeuser, or weaker dollar is a positive for Weyerhaeuser. So if the dollar does weaken, net-net that will be a positive for us overall in these markets.
Doyle Simons: Yes, we like other companies are in fact seeing that type of tightness, as we mentioned in the fourth quarter, a real impact on wood products earnings as a result of transportation issues, specifically in rail out of Canada, but also in trucks out of Canada. And one mill, for example, that we have in Canada, shipments from rail were delayed by over two weeks and one much better from a rail perspective. So as we move into 2018, we think that will continue to be a headwind in terms of availability, but more so increasing rates, both on the truck and rails side. And we’re going to work really hard to offset that through our operational excellence initiatives in 2018.
Doyle Simons: Yes. We are participating in that and it’s a key initiative for us. What we would tell you is, while you’re right, it is off a low base. We anticipate that in 2018, our shipments could be three times higher than they were in 2017. And our best guess now is the takeaway that will go into export markets would be the equivalent, just to try to dimension it a small sawmill in the U.S. and what they would use. So you’re right. It’s off a small base, but growing. We’re spending a lot of time and resources developing that market and are very optimistic about that market long-term.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So if you look at lumber inventories, they are pretty lean across the entire system. If you look at log decks in the West, as you know, they got very, very low during the fire season. They have started to rebuild. I would say, they’re kind of somewhere between low and normal, but log decks are being rebuilt in the West.
Doyle Simons: Yes. The answer is yes. The – we have not seen any – what you would call value destruction from that pricing and demand continues to be strong. Where the competition is occurring is between domestic logs and Chinese logs, because as prices have run up, those are competing directly against each other. And the beauty of our system is, we’re able to play that and thin logs to where we can create the most value.
Doyle Simons: George, in terms of what’s going on in China, it’s pretty simple that the reason it’s down in the fourth quarter versus third is the strength in domestic markets. And as I’ve just mentioned, we can swing back and forth. And as domestic markets have continued to improve, we are selling more to the domestic market and less to China. It has nothing to do with a falloff in China, as I mentioned, actually log shipment overall to China were up. And I mean, from an industry perspective, we’re up 10%.
Doyle Simons: And we’ll get through this Lunar New Year and you never know what impact that will have, but we continue to anticipate strong demand in China in 2018. In terms of OpEx, as mentioned in the earlier comments, we’ve made good progress. We have made good progress in 2017, but there’s much more opportunity in front of us. But the reason I’m so encouraged by what’s happening in OpEx is, when we first started this program three or four years ago, it’s very top down-driven. Now what’s happening is, it’s bottom-up driven. Our employees are out working in the mills, are out working in the Timberland every day are finding additional opportunities to drive OpEx improvements, that’s how we’re defining winning, that’s how people are being compensated. So encouraged that we will be – can able to meet or exceed the targets that we’ve laid out in 2018. Although, as you’re exactly right, it does get harder. We’ve got most of the low-hanging fruit and you did see the numbers in Wood Products come down slightly in 2018 versus 2017 which is indicative of that, but encouraged by the opportunities that we have in 2018 and confident we will meet those targets.
Doyle Simons: Yes, Brian, it was a significant issue in the fourth quarter, and it was primarily due to just the lack of trucking in Canada. As I mentioned, at one of our mills, shipments were delayed for – I said trucking, I mean, rail. So let’s back up. So we’ve got rail and truck issues, both of those were a problem in the fourth quarter. For example, one of our mills, shipments were delayed for a full two weeks due to rail issues, primarily due to the extremely cold weather in Canada. With that said, because of the surge in – demand in the fourth quarter for trucks, trucking availability was also a problem. So I would say, the – it was a probably $10 million to $15 million hit in the fourth quarter. Part of it was due to higher prices, but more so, we just couldn’t ship the volume, because there wasn’t rail or trucking available and that primarily happened in the month of December.
Doyle Simons: I think in 1Q, it’s going to be more just higher cost as opposed to just not being able to ship. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, I do think rail and trucking will be a headwind, as we move into 2018. We’ve not seen the disruptions in terms of availability that we saw in the month of December. But we do have higher rates going in and just both in truck and rail. We’re about currently 60% truck, 40% rail. We will be shifting more to truck when possible just because as we look at the options that’s the better one as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes, it’s a great question, Brian, and I appreciate the color. Let me tell you how we’re thinking about it. And we do think there’s some potential for some pricing traction in 2018, and let me tell you why. Number one, it all comes down to housing demand, as I said, continues to grow. And we’re quite optimistic that housing will continue to grow and we’re especially encouraged about what we’ve seen in terms of the millennials finally starting to show up in the market and frankly, that’s what’s been missing. We also expect a strong year from repair remodeling and are projecting that to be up roughly 7.5%. Maybe even more importantly than that is that, there is a lot of capacity being added in the South, as you know. It seems like every week, there’s an announcement of new capacity that’s being added, or at least being considered. In terms of the numbers, about 1 billion board feet of new sawmill capacity came online in 2017. There’s another 2 billion board feet slated to come online in 2018 and 2019, and another 1 billion board feet on top of that, that’s currently under consideration. Just to put that in perspective that’s on a base of about 20 billion board feet in the South, so that’s a big increase. And to your point, we already are starting to see some benefits in certain markets, where additional capacity has come online. The third part of this is, of course, on the supply side and there is less lumber coming in from Canada, I think, that’s going to continue either as a result of the final duties, or negotiated agreements. Just to put that in perspective, that number went down from 33% in 2016, down to 30% in 2017. And as you look at just absolute lumber shipments from Canada, those were down over 5% in 2017 versus 2016. And then finally, as I mentioned earlier, we’re very encouraged by development of Southern export markets. We’re going to ship three times as much in 2018 as 2017, and as I mentioned, that should be equivalent to a small mill. So I think, all of those things are going to start to come together, and we are hopeful that we will start to see some pricing improvement as we move through 2018.
Doyle Simons: Yes, great question. So if you look at the two projects – our two big projects, let me start off by saying, just overall the capital that we’re spending in our lumber operation should increase our productivity 2% to 3% a year. On top of that, the two projects, number one is Dirk’s, Arkansas, that will start up this summer and as an additional 80 million board feet of capacity. And then our Millport mill, which we’re rebuilding will start up in early 2019, and that’s an additional 215 million board feet of capacity. So that’s on top of the 2% to 3% that we’re getting through the additional capital that we’re spending.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So we don’t think that has any impact on the discussions. We, as I said earlier, remain hopeful. We’ll be able to reach a quota-based agreement. And frankly, negotiations are temporary sidelined due to the focus on NAFTA. But we would believe those negotiations will remain separate from the overall NAFTA discussions.
Doyle Simons: Now the quota that we have been discussing and again, it’s still being negotiated would be a percentage, whatever it’d be 25, 27, 29, whatever the number may be, that’s the way the discussions have gone. It’s not a hard limit on volume, it’s a percentage quota.
Doyle Simons: That was the total for 2018 and 2019. And then on top of that, Mark, we’re not factoring in the, as you know, there’s a lot that’s been saying, okay, we’re going to do this, but the ground has not been broken and that’s another 1 billion. So if you look at total 2018, 2019, it could be up to 3 billion.
Doyle Simons: What I meant to say, Mark – yes, here is what I meant to say is 1 billion in 2017, 2 billion total in 2018/2019 with the chance that there could be another 1 billion on top of the 2 billion in 2018/2019 and that’s to your point would probably show up in 2019, maybe some of that in 2020.
Doyle Simons: Mark, I don’t have those numbers here in front of us. I think, there will continue to be potential capacity that could happen in the West. In Canada, as we all know, I think, if anything their capacity going to shrink because of the lack of fiber due to the pine beetle situation.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So let’s talk about that. So what happened in 2017 is and we came in a little lower than 250 guidance, is there ended up being no federal dollars that were allocated for conservation projects. This is the first time in many, many years, where no money has been provided to the various federal agencies for conservation projects. And just to give you a sense of the magnitude, that directly impacted two deals, that would have generated approximately $40 million of EBITDA in 2017. As we move into 2018, we’ll see – we’re hopeful that that happens. But our guidance is based on there being little to no federal dollars that are put in place. So that’s the fundamental shift as we look forward into 2018 chance, there’s some upside there, but that’s the number that we’re comfortable with assuming no federal dollars. In terms of the…
Doyle Simons: Yes, there’s no doubt that labor is the constraint. And as we talked to all of our customers, that’s the one thing we hear over and over. I think in some of the select markets, as you had indicated, some of the labor that would normally be used for new housing is being used for, call it, repair and remodeling as a result of the hurricane. So I think that will put a little bit of a damper on housing in those markets, maybe in the near-term. Longer-term, there’s a number of houses, as you know, that were completely destroyed. So those will end up in new housing. So I think, limited impact from hurricanes in terms of new housing starts in the short-term. Long-term, as we know, it always takes longer to rebuild from these things. But net-net, I think, that’s just going to be another positive for housing as we move forward.
Doyle Simons: Yes, it’s a great question. As I said, if you look at over the last four years started off very top down driven low-hanging fruit. Now it’s moving more into the things that are tougher but it’s being bottoms-up driven, because frankly, I’m not smart enough to figure out what the new things are that we can do, but our folks are. So, in terms of the size of the opportunity, we’ll continue to identify those on an annual basis. I don’t think, they’ll be going up substantially. My best guess is, they’ll remain at these levels for at least the next couple of years and then we’ll go from there.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So what I would tell you is, on the current and these are quarter-to-date realizations versus fourth quarter, Gail. Just to give you a sense, Lumber is about $10 higher, OSB is about $50 lower, because as we know, we had a big run off. I would say, both Lumber and OSB are trending in the right way. And as we move towards the building season, as I mentioned in response to an earlier question, we anticipate that trend will continue. In terms of OSB pricing, Gail, and I think you’re talking about the fourth quarter. I would tell you, there’s a couple of things. Number one is, as you look at it versus the indexes, there is a lag that we have. And so, when things are going down, ours don’t fall as quickly, so that’s part of it. And then just, as you also know, we have some premium flowing product, which helps skew it in a positive way as well. So I would say, those are big – two big things.
Doyle Simons: Yes. The good news is there, they don’t overlap at all. Now, let me clarify that. We’re sending to China and India. So of course, we do send out the West Coast to China, but these are going to different ports and for different uses than our Western log. So there’s no the term I use cannibalization of logs that are coming from the South into China versus the West. So some of them are to new customers in China, some of them are to existing customers, but that are either going into different ports, or and all of it is for different uses than the Western logs are being used for.
Doyle Simons: Gail, there’s no doubt that the weather in 2017 was kind of a catalyst to get prices – well, prices are moving for the weather, but for prices to continue. I will tell you though, weather has stabilized. And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to be very encouraged by what we see in the West and that’s primarily from a demand perspective. Japan continues to be solid. China is strong. In domestic markets, primarily driven by California, and as you know, California was slower to recover now. California is going permits, they are up 15% in California and we think that trend is going to continue. So, whether it’s going to cause some volatility. But if you just look at overall supply and demand, I feel it’s pretty good in the West.
Doyle Simons: So Chip, on the OSB plywood substitution, you’re right, I mean, we’ve seen that trend over, over many years. I think, it’s kind of in balance now. Now that doesn’t mean that there won’t be some temporary shift. But overall, I don’t see any fundamental shifts back and forth between OSB and plywood. In terms of lumber mills in the South, as you said and you’re exactly right, very high margins there. As we have consistently said, we would look at growing our Wood Products business on a go-forward basis. We think our bigger opportunity is in Timberland, but we will look at growing Wood Products business. I think, lumber would be a business that we would be interested in growing, especially if it tied in with our overall strategic footprint from a Timberland perspective. In terms of how we would grow, number one is, doing projects like Dirk’s and Millport. And then secondly, would be exactly what you said in finding acquisition opportunities, where at a value, where we think we – at a price where we think we could create shareholder value. Going and building greenfield mills is probably not a step that we’re going to take. But we would be very interested in sawmills to acquire assuming again, we could do it at a price where we could create value over the cycle. You can assume that the margins that are currently in place are going to stay that way forever.
Doyle Simons: Yes, I’ll just give you one example. There’s a couple of new mills that have started up kind of along the Arkansas, Louisiana border. And as I mentioned earlier, we are starting to see some benefit in some of those areas, where you’ve seen some of this new capacity startup. So that’s an example of where we are starting to see some benefit and some potential pricing tension in that market, and there’s a lot of markets like that across the South. The good thing about Weyerhaeuser, as you know, we’re just about in every markets. So as that starts to happen, we will participate in that pricing tension.
Doyle Simons: We are starting to see a little bit of that. It’s much more prevalent on the transportation side than on the actual logging side. But we are seeing – starting to see a little bit of pressure on their logging side, as well as we move forward. And as I said, I think, inflation, there’s labor inflation or truck inflation, it’s going to be a headwind for us as we move into 2018. And we’ll just kind of work really hard to offset that through our operational excellence efforts.
Doyle Simons: Yes. The Indian market is – so as I mentioned, we are focused on two markets, China and India. India is currently the smaller of those markets. Unlike China, where we had a presence, this is a new presence, but we’re spending a lot of time on the ground there. And we’re encouraged by the opportunity that we see, and I’ll tell you there’s a lot of interest in that market. So, we’re still in the early stages, but encouraged and think that’s a market that has real opportunity to grow as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Doyle Simons: As I understand it, that was our final question. Let me end by thanking, everybody, for joining us this morning. And as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
