Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure, Sue. Yes. So I mean, certainly, we are going to see some, some of the input costs on the wood product side coming down. And so in particular, log costs in the West, OSB web stock, for instance, we may see a little bit of relief on some of the fuel costs related to transportation. So I do expect we'll see some of that come down over time. With respect to the lumber and OSB business, that's really primarily a supply-demand dynamic with the pricing, we can talk further about where we think that's going to go over time. But on the EWP specific, I do think we'll be able to hold those prices reasonably well. There is -- as we saw during the last run up in housing here over the last couple of years, there is a structural, I think, undersupply of EWP. I do think as we move forward, there are some opportunities for us to take back some market share in the EWP space from Open Web, some other alternative products that builders were forced to move to when we were at the height of building activity earlier this year. So I do think we'll be able to hold those prices a little bit better as we move forward.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, as we think about the Timberlands market over the last 12 to 24 months, we have undoubtedly seen a lot of interest in the asset class. I think that's clear just in terms of the number of bidders that we see on deals, but also the prices that folks are paying for Timberlands deals. As we think about going forward, I think there are a few things that come into play. And as you mentioned, 1 of those is the interest in the Climate Solutions piece. I think that is driving increased interest in Timberland assets. Candidly, I don't know that folks are really fully underwriting all of those carbon and other alternative values at this point, but I do think it's a piece of the equation as people are trying to value those assets going forward. So I wouldn't expect prices to necessarily fall off of where they are. We are continuing to see a lot of interest in timberland acquisitions. And so we're expecting that to continue to be a very competitive market next year and going forward. Particularly, if we do see carbon prices trend where we think they are over the next 3, 5, 7 years, I think that will be a tailwind for timberland values going forward.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes, our plan would be to sprinkle that in across next year. So it wouldn't be specifically targeted to Q3 or Q4. We would just add that into the overall harvest plan for 2023. And we'll provide a little bit more specifics on the magnitude of that as we provide our full year guidance on the earnings call in January.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So on the log side, I'm not sure that's a real material risk here in the near term. I suppose around the margins, if you saw trucking capacity and logging capacity flowing back into the system, maybe some mills would be more comfortable carrying lower inventories. But to be frank, that seems highly unlikely to me in the near term. There is a real challenge around getting trucking and logging capacity certainly across the South, but even to some extent in the West. So I suspect most mills are going to continue to carry a little bit heavier inventory levels to mitigate that risk. So I don't know that, that's a big issue on the Timberland side. On the Wood Products side, again, I don't know that mills necessarily have high levels of inventory. I can't obviously speak to our competitors, but for us, we're not carrying excess inventories, finished goods inventories across our mill set right now. So I don't think it's a meaningful risk there. The other thing I would say on the wood product side is, if you look across the channel in whole, I think most folks, particularly dealers, distributors are carrying relatively light inventories. Nobody is particularly interested in carrying heavy inventories given all the uncertainty in the macro environment.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. No, that's a great question. I think first of all, as you said, that's ultimately a Board decision. So obviously, we're not going to get out in front of the board on that. But what I would say is, when we put out that 5% per year target, that was based on a lot of different modeling. As you know, the dividend -- the base dividend growth is largely going to be funded by the growth in our Timberlands and Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources business. So as we think about it today, we've done several acquisitions on the Timberland side. We've done a lot of work around the debt structure to reduce our interest costs. So I feel like we are doing what we need to do to continue to grow that base dividend by 5% per year regardless of where we are in the business cycle.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So really a couple of things going on in the West, George. So first of all, with respect to the work stoppage, 2 things to keep in mind. First of all, nearly 2/3 of our log and haul is done by contractors. So we did still have logs feeding into the market even during the work stoppage. And the flip side is we also had 4 of the largest mills in the Northwest that were idle during the work stoppage. So it also hit on the demand side. So net-net, not sure it had a really significant impact 1 way or the other. I think what's going on with realizations in the West is really more of a function of what's going on with lumber prices. The West is fundamentally a tension wood basket. And I don't see that changing anytime in the foreseeable future. What's going to drive log prices is going to primarily be what's going on with domestic lumber prices and to some extent, the export markets as well. So as you've seen the lumber prices come down, you just hit a ceiling on what mills are willing and able to pay for logs. So that's going to be the primary driver.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, I'll take that really in 2 different parts, so I'll start with Japan. There are some headwinds in Japan. As I mentioned, there's a fair amount of European glulam that went into the Japanese market here in Q3 into early Q4, that's a direct competitor with our customers and the dug for beams that they supply to the market. So a little bit of a headwind there. And obviously, with what the yen is doing relative to the dollar, that's an additional cost headwind for our customers. That all being said, I do think we have plenty of opportunity to move volume to Japan with the work stoppage. Certainly, their log decks have been a little bit depleted. And so we've got some volume that we need to get into that market to keep them up and running. Realizations, those are going to flow up and down depending on what's going on in the domestic market, usually get a premium to domestic, but those 2 are correlated. So as we see the domestic market realization soften, you're going to see a similar move with Japanese realizations. On the China side, we have intentionally this year been flexing volume to the domestic market to capture better premiums as the pricing softens in the West, I think we do have opportunity to move more volume into China. Notwithstanding all the issues in China with real estate and lockdowns, et cetera, we still have solid demand for our -- from our customers for the Doug fir log, so we can, we believe, move some increased volumes over to China, and those realizations will likely be comparable to domestic.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So we guide on a delivered basis. So our model is overwhelmingly delivered as opposed to selling stumpage. And you're absolutely right. There has been a little bit of a disconnect in terms of the direction of pricing in delivered versus stumpage. I think that's really largely a function of in many geographies finding logging and hauling contractors has been challenging. And so I think that's put a little bit more pressure on the stumpage market as opposed to the delivered market. And I do think that our delivered model is always a competitive advantage. It gives us the ability to really drive efficiencies throughout the supply chain, log, haul, et cetera. In this market, I think that's even more so. And we're, I think, probably picking up a little bit more margin opportunity with the delivered model versus stumpage.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So if you're thinking about the South in particular, ultimately, from a mill standpoint, what they care about is what's the cost to get it to the mill. And so as we bring delivered -- a delivered model to our customers, we think we can get that price higher than they can get it through stumpage because we can deliver more efficiencies through the supply chain. Our scale and the expertise that we have at the local level to drive log and haul costs down relative to competition, I think, is what allows us to keep that delivered pricing a little higher than where you'd find stumpage pricing in terms of direction. I don't know that log and haul rates are going to be going down. I do think there's a lot of competition for that. So it's really, again, I think, a competitive advantage for us, the scale and expertise that we bring to the log and haul space with our contractor base to keep those prices lower than what others can get when they're going out and doing stumpage deals. That's what's going to allow us to keep more of that delivered price and drive that to the bottom line.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On lumber and OSB, we're still in the normal range. It generally ranges 1 to 2 weeks in an ordinary environment. On EWP, we're still on allocation in spots. I think you're starting to see some open market purchases become available as we've seen a little softening in the single-family space, but still on allocation in spots.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, I would say, in general, 5% to 10% is really the most you can go 1 way or the other. In the West, unlike in the South, where building roads is not overly complicated. The regulatory process for getting a unit laid out is not terribly time-consuming. In the West, there's a lot more that goes into it. And so we generally try to have 4 to 5 quarters' worth of roads built. So we have some level of flexibility to flex up or down. But beyond that, you do start to run into some constraints, both from an available unit standpoint, but also the contracting capacity is there's a limit to it, particularly on cable logging and some of the towers. And so there are some limits in terms of how much you can flex up. And on the downside, obviously, you can always flex down as much as you want. But as a practical matter, you do need to make sure that you're keeping your contract workforce available so that they are there when you need them coming out of whatever dip. So as a practical matter, 5% to 10% is really the max you're going to go year-over-year or any particular period.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's right. And I think, as you say, Mark, there are different cost structures depending on the region. No doubt, BC. is the most challenged from a cost standpoint. We are seeing a little bit of relief on the log side. October 1, log prices came down. I expect they'll come down a little bit further in Q1 of next year. But nevertheless, it's still a higher cost region to manufacture for a variety of reasons, but not the least of which is just the available timber supply in BC is challenged. And so I do think even as log prices come down in BC, it's going to be, frankly, a challenging place to make money. Now we've only got 1 mill in BC. It's our Princeton mill, it is top quartile, if not top decile cost structure mill. So I think that will give us maybe a little bit more latitude to drive profitability in a tougher market. But it's going to be challenging in BC. I think that's clearly the case. In the Northwest, we will see log prices adjust down. Mills are not going to pay more for logs than they can and still be profitable. I do think the Northwest is -- it's going to be tough for some folks to make money in a more challenged lumber environment. The last time we saw a dip in 2019, I think the costs have gone up since then. So that floor is probably higher than it was back in that last little dip in 2019. And it really just goes back to the point we've been making, to be successful in this business you have to have a good cost structure, and that's been really the focus of our strategy for a long time. So we've got some low-cost mills, some very efficient mills across our Pacific Northwest. So we'll be able to drive profitability, I think, regardless of where we are in the cycle just because our cost position relative to others in the industry. The South is a different story. As you know, Mark, just the cost structure there is -- it's a step change lower than those other 2 regions. So most producers, the vast majority of producers should be able to drive a profit in the south regardless of where we are from a lumber pricing standpoint.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thanks, Mark. And thanks for pointing out just the historical context. I do think it's a really important point to make, even though prices have come down a lot. At any time over the last decade pre-pandemic, we would have been very, very pleased with the pricing that we're getting across the products.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, and you've been around the industry for a long time, so you'll appreciate this answer. I mean it's hard to give a value on a typical acre because they vary so much depending on stocking, depending on percentage planted pine versus markets, et cetera. So it's hard to give you a specific dollar value. But what I will say, and I think you can see this in the deals that have been done over the last 12 to 18 months, we've definitely seen the values of timberlands going up. We've seen certainly some deals that are going north of $2,000 an acre, that a few years ago where you would have said maybe were $1,700 an acre deals. We've seen some mid-2000, high 2000 kind of deals lately that a few years ago would have been closer to that, too. So we've certainly seen some real, I think, price appreciation in the value of timberland deals, particularly, I would say, quality deals. When you see good, high-quality timberlands deals come to market. Those are getting very, very strong valuations these days.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I think at a high level, I'm not sure it fundamentally changes how we think about things. We have been actively managing the portfolio and that is on the sell side and the buy-side for a number of years. We are always looking for opportunities to improve the portfolio. And so when we have a buyer that is willing to pay us substantially more than we think the asset is worth, then we're happy to do those deals on the sell-side. And that cash can be used for any of the capital allocation priorities that we have, whether that's additional timberland acquisitions, share repo, debt paydown, all of those things. So to the extent that this gives us an opportunity to create some capital to redeploy in other areas, that's certainly an opportunity for us. I will say just as a baseline, our view is that, in general, timberland values are going to go up over time. And there are a variety of reasons why we think that, whether it's our view on log prices over time, but really as much as anything on all of the alternative values that you can drive across timberland ownership. And so that also goes into the consideration as we think about the longer-term price appreciation of some of these assets.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On the economics, Paul, this first project is really -- it's a smaller pilot project. The economics are not going to be material. The purpose of this first 1 was really to build out the internal expertise so that we don't have to contract it out, and we get to keep more of the economics ourselves. So that's -- that's really the primary purpose of this first 1 up in Maine. The process is pretty involved. We're running that through the American Carbon registry, and it involves a series of submissions, third-party reviews, feedback from those third-party reviews, changes to the submission. So it's a process that takes a number of months, and we've been working that through over the course of this year. But I do think we've gained some really good insights on how to make this process more streamlined and quicker both with our own internal work, but also with the third-party reviewers and the submissions. And so pleased with how it's going, and I think it really is going to set us up to start scaling this to start putting more and bigger projects through the pipeline.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I mean the guide is really as much as anything, just a reflection of both kind of where we are seasonally, but also overall, just a bit of softening in the housing market. So -- maybe there's some upside there, we'll see. But generally speaking, EWP is very much a product that goes into single-family residential. And so as we think about how sustainable that is over time, again, there is a limit to how much EWP is out there. We've gone through a period where there just was not enough to cover the level of housing. During that period, we did see a number of builders that had to convert over to open web or even lumber and other products to meet their building needs. As the housing slows a bit, which I think realistically, we do expect that to happen, there will be some opportunities for us to try to convert some of that alternative back into EWP. It's just not a product where there is an overabundance of supply. And so I think that will help us hold both prices, but importantly, market share and be able to serve our customers even if we're in a [downward] [indiscernible]
Devin Stockfish: Yes. It's primarily OSB, so the web stock input costs, as we've seen OSB prices go down. Most of the OSB that goes into our EWP product it does come from our internal mills and it's on a lag.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sorry. Sorry, Paul. Yes. So for OSB, specifically, that's just because we have less annual maintenance. Q3, we had a number of mills that took their annual maintenance shut down, and we don't have that in Q4.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On the Timberland side, I would say the biggest driver overall has been fuel cost. That is something that plays in both on the haul side but also on the logging side. So that's had a real impact from a cost standpoint. To the extent that we see fuel costs come down over the next year to 18 months, that certainly will be a positive for us on the cost side. Beyond that, we've got a whole host of initiatives that are focused on driving down costs, whether it's -- we've got a transportation initiative to drive higher loaded mile, we've got a number of automation mechanization projects going on across timberlands to try to reduce overall labor cost. So we're always focused on that. But I would say in the near term, probably the biggest opportunity from a magnitude standpoint is around fuel costs.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thank you, again, everyone, for joining us today, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a nice day. Thank you.
