Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Although the fourth quarter is our seasonally weakest quarter, as reflected in Patty's guidance, we have made significant improvement throughout the year. We're not satisfied with our level of performance, and every business is focused on improving results in today's market. That means getting the right facility set, controlling costs and growing the top line. This morning, you've heard examples of actions and the results in each of these areas, and I look forward to sharing continuing progress in future quarters. And now we welcome your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: As I remind ourselves internally and I remind you, our focus is to improve operations at today's level of starts. We continue to be optimistic and bullish about long-term recovery, but our experience has shown over the last couple of years that we need to live with today's level of activity. And so that's been our focus. We have, as you noted, continued to bring down our SG&A cost. That continues to be an ongoing focus. And in our Wood Products business, our focus has been on, first of all, moving to cash-positive and then earnings-positive range. And in the Wood Products business, that takes both cost management but also top line growth. So just a couple of comments on SG&A. We made progress on SG&A as we continued to make decisions such as the sale of our shipping business and our hardwood operations that we concluded in the quarter. That allows us to focus on our ongoing operations. It does leave us with some overhead that we need to address that have supported those businesses but we've made great progress over the last several years in working down legacy costs and bringing down overall headcount across the company to become more efficient in everything that we do. In our Wood Products operations, our focus across the entire system is to bring down operating costs, and that includes manufacturing, where we need and have made progress in improving the operating efficiency and utilization of our facilities. That is, in part, related to the decision that we made during the quarter to permanently shut down these 4 facilities. We believe that we can move forward in the housing environment that we have with the facility set that we have in place. And then we have a number of initiatives to grow top line. Some of that comes from increasing markets offshore, as we discussed this morning. And some of it comes from finding opportunities where we have perhaps pricing power, where we have the ability to increase share based upon the products that we manufacture, based upon the location of our operating facilities where we may be logistically advantaged to serve some markets. And as we look at the Homebuilding business focused more on mid-size and smaller builders where we can provide products efficiently and cost effectively. We're also increasing some activity in repair and remodel market, and going back into some locations where we have not been active, where we have products that customers would like to sell and where we have an advantaged situation relative to our own manufacturing operations. So it's an ongoing effort, one where as I said this morning, I'm somewhat impatient but we're making progress and it continues to be a focus and will continue to be one. This is not a process where we get to a certain point and quit. This is an ongoing effort to improve our cost effectiveness and competitiveness, and I'm encouraged with the progress that we're making.
Daniel S. Fulton: The trend should be -- should continue to be positive, George. I can't give you numbers and you're letting me off the hook on that one. I appreciate that. But it's going to be an ongoing effort. And every time we make some changes, we find more opportunities. So I'm encouraged that the organization is involved in a number of efforts in order to both reduce costs, but it -- also I would -- I would re-emphasize growing top line is equally important.
Daniel S. Fulton: I really can't respond to overall supply chain slack. I think you highlight an issue, which is in the industry, people are cautious. We see these housing starts at relatively anemic levels. And so the concern that you raise is if we see a pickup, and when we see a pickup in the spring, do we have the ability to respond? We've had good weather this year and so log inventories should not be a problem in most areas. I think we, as well as others, are very careful in managing inventories of finished product. And the supply chain has shrunk during this entire recession. If you think about the supply chain from the manufacturers to the distributor and ultimately to the builders, we've had shrinkage in the distribution chain. Most distributors are managing their inventories much more tightly. And so as the market begins to recover, I think there'll be tension, and it'll tighten up relatively quickly. I do think the industry does have the ability to respond at a range that is likely to occur. I don't see a huge snapback in demand in the first quarter just because I think we would expect to see some seasonal improvement, unless there were some major public policy changes. I believe that the system will respond appropriately. Builders have the ability to put houses on the ground if they have sales. But I wouldn't expect a lot of speculative inventory, and I think that the recovery will happen in a measured basis.
Daniel S. Fulton: We started to see a slowdown in China at the end of the second quarter. And we commented on our last call and as I commented this morning, that played out during the third quarter. Our volumes to China were relatively unchanged in the third quarter, but would expect that there'd be some falloff in fourth quarter. Most of the slowdown has shown up in pricing. And the evidence is, if there's a buildup of inventory in China, some of that is seasonal. Some of it clearly is caused by a tightening of credit in China that has slowed construction. There are some concerns that have been raised about overbuilding in the real estate market. We have to remind ourselves that the wood products and the logs that are being converted are not going into wood frame construction. They're used for industrial purposes, but they are used for construction forms, as well as pallets and packing. Long term, our view is that China is going to continue to grow. It's going to maintain its steady urbanization, and there would be like a continued demand for wood products coming out of North America. North America should realize its share as compared to other sources, which could be New Zealand, Russia, even Scandinavia. But we've been very encouraged by the pickup over the last couple of years. We view the current slowdown to be somewhat temporary, and we're bullish long term.
Daniel S. Fulton: First of all, we have to be somewhat cautious when we talk about multifamily. So when we see multifamily statistics, they would include both for-sale housing that's attached as well as rental housing. We happen to be a builder of some for-sale multifamily, and they would be townhomes in a market like Washington D.C. But the significant change in activity that I was referring to this morning was multifamily rental. That -- in this country, that's generally low-rise. It is generally built with wood- =frame material. There's a different mix of product that are used in multifamily units. First of all, the square footage for your average multifamily unit is smaller than a detached unit. There is a higher percentage of engineered wood products and especially engineered lumber that go into a multifamily unit. That favors Weyerhaeuser Company because of our significant presence in the engineered business. And then there are also uses of OSB. OSB is primarily used in flooring, more than wall sheathing in multifamily. So you have to actually drill down into the individual products, lumber, engineered wood products and OSB, in order to establish a relative range. I can use a rough number, but it is not exact because it does vary. But roughly, the square footage of a multifamily rental unit's about half the square footage of a single-family detached unit. And I think you can roughly apply that 50% factor across the wood products consumption, but it would vary dramatically by wood product type.
Daniel S. Fulton: We're not at a point of where we're able to make a forecast for next year's operations, Gail. And at this point, we have seen softness, as you note, in pricing for cellulose fibers products. We've talked directionally about our Wood Products business and the path that we're on to return to cash breakeven and to profitability. We don't yet have a forecast that we're ready to share for planning purposes on what we're assuming for housing starts next year. I'd like to do that the next time we get together on a call because I think it's helpful to you to understand our planning process and what we're thinking. As I noted, we went into this year and we told you that we were planning on 525,000 single-family starts. We didn't see it, but that enters into our thought process, and each of our businesses are making assumptions based upon the factors that impact them. Single-family housing starts is a big one, but also as we look at our cellulose fibers market, we're looking at global demand, not just North America, but Asia and Europe. And so it's a little bit too early for us to give you guidance for 2012, but when we get together next quarter we'll talk about our view of housing starts and how we believe that plays out and also our sense of the cellulose fibers markets.
Daniel S. Fulton: We continue to be cautious as we gauge the pace of recovery for housing. And our focus in most of our capital spend over the last several years has been reforestation and silvicultural costs to maintain the quality and sustainability of our timberlands. We have continued to invest in capital-effective projects in our Cellulose Fibers business with the goal of driving down production costs, increasing productivity from our existing mills. And that's why I gave an example this morning of what we've just done in Grand Prairie. And we've talked on earlier calls about a longer-term initiative in our Cellulose Fibers business to be stretching out our planned routine maintenance from a 12-month schedule to an 18-month schedule. And so we seek high-ROI projects with relatively quick payback that have the benefit of increasing productivity, and also they improve our environmental footprint. We've been spending a minimal amount as necessary for safety and environmental compliance on our wood products facilities. And we've been cautious in our Real Estate business because we already have a large plan position and we're well positioned to take advantage of a recovery in real estate. So we're relatively well situated, as Patty said in her remarks. We've bought in a little bit of stock. We thought that, that was an appropriate use of cash during the quarter. And we'll continue to evaluate capital allocation on a go-forward basis strategically. The one business that we've talked before about long-term intent to grow is our Timberlands business. And so that will play into some of our thinking in the future when we look at how we allocate capital.
Daniel S. Fulton: I'd have to do a little bit of research on that one, Mark, because I'm not relating to your comment. Realizations have risen in the West. They've been relatively flat in the South. Volumes can be a little bit misleading in the South because we've got more commercial thinning happening, and the commercial thinning obviously brings a lower realization than log sales. So I think I want to get back to you on that particular issue. We'll provide more detail.
Daniel S. Fulton: We have less-developed markets, and we have less mature timber. It's primarily the timber itself, Mark, because we're still growing out that forest. We are converting some of that in our plywood mill. As I noted, we are finding some opportunities -- limited opportunities to export, but it is more a function of the age and maturity of our timberland in South America.
Daniel S. Fulton: We are engaged in -- we're engaged in initiatives in every single one of our product lines, lumber, oriented strand board, our engineered wood products, as well as our distribution. And so we are focused on driving down costs. Some of that comes from increased facility utilization, and we've made progress there. And then growing the top line, as I mentioned, going into some new markets. And there's also some improvement that we've made even in just increased realizations in existing markets, as we understand our opportunity to price appropriately given our competitive advantage. So we have a tremendous number of initiatives across the entire organization, both on cost reduction, operating efficiency improvement and top line growth. And our goal is that they all come together, bring us back to cash positive but more importantly, return to profitability in this business. And we're doing this in an environment with incredibly challenged level of housing starts. And so the organization is responding well.
Daniel S. Fulton: The rental market is relatively strong across the country, and it's very strong in certain major metro areas. And it's a function, Chip, I believe, of a couple of things. One is some challenges in purchasing. But I think more importantly, the points that I summarized on -- in my comments this morning, I think that people are sitting on the sidelines, waiting for the signal that it's okay to go back into the home purchase market. And so there is some concern overall about consumer confidence. There's some concern in some markets about employment. I think this mobility issue is a big one where people want to maintain their -- the ability to be mobile and to take a job in a different neighborhood or a different metro area if that's what it takes. The mortgage qualification process is much more difficult than it has been even over the last 2 to 3 years. Appraisals are a challenge. Down payments are a challenge. And I think that, that's an area where we have to address some public policy issues in order to break loose a bit of activity in the system. Rents are high. In many markets, it is cheaper to own than to rent. And so people are making a choice to maintain, in effect, an option by renting before they come back into the market. We do have land that we sell to multifamily developers in some locations. So we are not an apartment builder, but where we have a multifamily land, that's been a benefit because we can sell to institutional developers of multifamily property and participate in that market. It's also putting some pressure on labor costs because we are seeing construction labor flow to multifamily projects.
Daniel S. Fulton: We're going to put you in one of our sales offices, Chip. Because you have a compelling value proposition. And we do sell to some buyers that use FHA financing. The challenge, quite frankly, is not the down payment. The challenge is the credit underwriting process that has become overly burdensome. And then there's a problem with appraisals because we have changed the appraisal process. It's a much more difficult one. And in some markets, the challenge is you have a willing buyer and seller for a new home, they agree on a price but the house won't appraise for that price because the appraisal includes comparables that may be foreclosures in the same metro area although that buyer wouldn't want to buy that foreclosed home. So that's one of the things that is an impediment in the system today and needs to break loose. And I think that, to some extent, the buying public is looking for the green light to go on to say it's okay to go back in and start purchasing. And what we have seen in some markets is investors coming in from offshore that are purchasing multifamily units. And I think that's perhaps flight capital or capital that is attracted to current market opportunities because prices are significantly lower than they were at the peak.
Daniel S. Fulton: We are on a longer-term path of stretching out our scheduled downtime, as we had talked before, from 12 months to 18 months. That process will take about 4 years to completely accomplish. And part of it is we have entered into some capital projects that will allow us to operate safely for longer periods of time. There's also certification processes that need to take place for those individual mills. And so 2012 and 2013 will be bridge years where we will start to stretch out the time frame on a mill-by-mill basis. It's probably a little bit early to be giving your guidance for 2012, but I wouldn't expect that you'd see anything significantly different in 2012 as compared to 2011. This is a longer-term process that we have a lot of confidence in, but we need to do it safely.
Daniel S. Fulton: Fluff pulp has been more stable than NBSK. And we have a mix of products, the primary one of which is fluff, and it's going to our large customers. So there is a bit of a lag, Mark. Fluff prices have come off their peaks. They haven't suffered as much as NBSK. And we are expecting a pickup of some of our specialty fibers in the fourth quarter. So generally, the -- we, in Patty's comments -- I mean, we talked about earnings being slightly lower as we look forward to the fourth quarter. And we'll have to see that play out.
Daniel S. Fulton: Josh, softwood lumber is trending down. That's a seasonal factor related to construction during the fourth quarter. As we look at our OSB business, we've got 2 year-over-year changes as we would look back at last year. Number one, we reopened late last year our facility at Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan. We saw very little volume coming out of that in even late fourth quarter as we brought that mill online, and that had been shut down for a couple of years. It is still not operating fully given market recovery, but there is year-over-year volume coming out of Hudson Bay that you didn't see last year. And then we have a oriented strand mill at Grayling, Michigan, and we've increased production there. We're operating 24/7 because we've got good demand out of that geographic region.
Daniel S. Fulton: Right. There's nothing in terms of overall market demand, but we have increased production in those 2 facilities, number one, in Grayling, Michigan, because we have opportunities to sell more product. So if you think about my general comments on wood products, we're working on driving costs down, but we're also looking for opportunities to increase top line. Where we have a product that's competitive, where we have logistical advantage, we're taking advantage of that. And so we've increased production and increased sales. And then the Hudson Bay mill will be brought back online, so we've got increased production this year that we didn't have last year. That's a mill that we hope to see increase production over time. We're going through a process now in certification for the Japanese market that creates some additional opportunity that perhaps could come out of Hudson Bay, but it's too early to talk about specifics.
Daniel S. Fulton: There have been slightly higher costs. Some of that is related to fuel. There was a drop in realizations, modest -- just because in the West as we talked about the Chinese market slowing down and the impact on pricing. And then the big factor in the quarter was the land dispositions.
Daniel S. Fulton: That was the biggest factor in the quarter. Okay. So I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We always appreciate your comments and your questions. We invite you to follow up after the call with Kathy McAuley and she'll be able to answer follow-on questions. And we appreciate you having joined us this morning, and look forward to talking to you in the new year. Thanks.
Patricia Bedient: Well, I think the tax benefit is a function of 2 things. One, it's -- what happens in the quarter, as well as truing up the year-to-date effective rate. And maybe the way to think about the tax rate, it's a benefit of about 20% after you strip out the discrete items. So if you were to look, for example, on the analyst package, the first page that shows the consolidated statement of operations, you would see that year-to-date we have earnings of $202 million. That's the earnings from continuing operations before income taxes. So from that, take out -- we have 3 discrete items this year. The first one would be the large timberland sale. That was in the first quarter for $152 million. And then you would add back the second discrete item, which is the $26 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt. And then you would compare that to what we actually booked for income taxes, which is right below the $202 million, which is the $52 million. And that $52 million benefit, you would have to add back the third discrete item, which was the foreign tax credit. So it's the $52 million, take out the foreign tax credit benefit, take out the Willapa sale -- the timberland sale, and then also the effect of the debt extinguishment, and you'd get $15 million. So our effective rate -- benefit rate through the third quarter and for the year is just under 20% once you strip out those items. It's really a function of the year-to-date rate plus the discrete items that are in the year-to-date and truing it up. If you need -- if you want more detail, certainly give us a call after the call's over and be happy to walk you through it.
Patricia Bedient: Well, Mark, they are lumpy. We had, I think, earnings of $4 million in the third quarter, and they were down $28 million. I don't think they'll be as big as they were in the second quarter, but significantly greater than where they were in the third quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Mark, this is Patty. As I think about your question about timberlands, I think there are probably 2 primary things affecting that comparison that you went through. One would be the nonstrategic land sales, which I think, if you compared the third quarter to date of this year and last year, are down about $25 million.
Patricia Bedient: And then the other would be also some cost increases, primarily in the way of diesel fuel, which ran up, as you'll recall, pretty significantly earlier in the year. So I think the combination of those 2 would pretty much get you where you -- in your analysis.
Patricia Bedient: Well, Chip, it might be good just to step back from our overall share repurchase and just recap for a minute where we are on our authorization. So as you said, when we came into the quarter, we did have an existing authorization that really dated back to 2008 for about $250 million. And we'd only used a small of that authorization in prior years. Earlier in the quarter, we purchased about $20 million of shares under that authorization. And when we came into the August board meeting, we terminated that authorization and replaced it with a new authorization for $250 million and then purchased $9 million under that authorization in the quarter. So at the end of the quarter, we had a remaining authorization of about 241 million. So as we looked at uses of cash, we do believe that share repurchase is an important tool for returning cash to shareholders. And as we've said in the past, we'll utilize that share repurchase on an opportunistic basis. And given the fact that the stock price during the quarter had fallen and that we had received cash for the option -- stock option exercises earlier in this year of just a little over $30 million, we believe that, that share repurchase was a good value for shareholders. I wouldn't want to speculate on the amount or timing of what we would do in the future other than to say that we will continue to use that tool opportunistically where we can create additional value.
Patricia Bedient: Mark, I think there is some softening in the quarter, but as I also said, we will have some -- a little bit higher shipment volume in the fourth quarter compared to the third as well. So those 2 are offsetting each other.
Joshua L. Zaret: 2 quickies. First, I would like to get an explanation in wood products of what seems like an unusual sequential quarterly trend in shipments between softwood lumber, which was down about 3%, and OSB, which was up about 10%. So a diverging trend. And when you add to that, I'm really curious because the OSB is -- the volume was 28% above a year ago, and I'm wondering if there's anything pushing that up like hurricanes or something that we should deduct as we go forward to the fourth quarter.
Joshua L. Zaret: In other words, there's nothing unusual in that 549 relative to demand. I mean, you brought your -- housing's done nothing. You brought your demand up quite substantially year-over-year and even quarter-over-quarter.
Joshua L. Zaret: Would the land -- the land -- I mean, the lack of land dispositions for the -- this quarter. But would that be the biggest factor, the lack of land sales in driving that down? Or would it be...
