Devin Stockfish: Thanks Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. First quarter housing starts averaged 1.75 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, an improvement of 5% over the fourth quarter. Activity dipped slightly in January, driven by winter weather and pandemic-related labor challenges, but improved as the quarter progressed. March housing starts totaled nearly 1.8 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, the highest monthly level since 2006. Housing permits in the first quarter averaged nearly 1.9 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, surpassing last quarter by 7% and surging to its highest quarterly average since before the Great Recession. Although these results demonstrate strong underlying demand for new home construction, the cycle time between starts and completions continues to be extended as homebuilders face ongoing supply chain disruptions, labor availability challenges, and rising material costs. Additionally, we do expect increasing mortgage rates and higher inflation to have some impact on the housing market. However, notwithstanding these headwinds, our customers continue to see strong demand and remain optimistic for new home construction in 2022. And we remain constructive on near-term and longer term housing demand fundamentals given favorable demographic trends, a significantly underbuilt housing stock, a strong labor market, and elevated household balance sheets. Turning to repair and remodel. We continue to see favorable activity from large professional projects in the first quarter, representing a continuation of the strong demand signal we saw from this segment in 2021. Demand from the Do-It-Yourself segment softened modestly in the first quarter, largely driven by concerns over the return of near record high lumber prices. Overall, our long-term outlook for repair and remodel continues to be favorable, supported by an aging housing stock, rising home equity, and historically low supply of new and existing homes for sale. In closing, we delivered our strongest first quarter financial performance on record and I'm incredibly proud of our employees for their continued dedication and resilience. We continue to make meaningful progress towards the multiyear growth targets we announced at our Investor Day last September and remain committed to serving our customers and delivering industry-leading performance across our operations. Our balance sheet is strong and with $850 million of adjusted FAD generated in the first quarter, 2022 is off to a great start. We believe the company is well-positioned to deliver considerable long-term value and superior returns for our shareholders. With that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. No, great question, Susan. I think, first of all, I'll just say trying to predict pricing for lumber and OSB is always difficult. But a few thoughts, I think, just to kind of put it in perspective. We've certainly seen some volatility from a pricing standpoint for both lumber and OSB over the last six, nine months. We saw the run-up over the first quarter, and then it came back down a fair bit as we got through the end of March into April seems to have stabilized here over the last couple of weeks. As we think about what's going to happen over the next several months, a few things, I think, drive our thinking. First of all, I do think that the inventory levels across the channel are pretty lean. And I think that's just largely a function of people being nervous about carrying inventory at the higher price levels. So heading into the spring building season, I think inventories are lower than you would normally expect for this time of year. And that's both with respect to lumber and OSB. I would say with the one exception that maybe the inventories at mills in Canada are probably at/or slightly above normal levels just because of some transportation issues. But again, across the system, inventory levels are pretty low. So on the supply side, I think we're going to get into the months where you're going to see production picking up, transportation should start to improve a little bit in Canada with the rail. But I think the demand side is going to continue to be strong. We certainly are seeing good strong demand from our homebuilder customers as they head into the spring building season. We can talk more about housing in general. But from our standpoint, we're expecting a good strong spring building season from a residential construction standpoint. On the repair and remodel side, the pro segment continues to go really, really well, a lot of demand out of that segment. And I think the do-it-yourself segment, even though we did see a little bit of a dip in the first quarter, that seems to be stabilizing as well as we get into the spring time period. So net-net, we're feeling pretty good about the spring and would expect the pricing environment to stay pretty strong.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yeah, we're really excited about it. Obviously, this is our first carbon capture and storage agreement that we've announced. I think we've picked a really good partner with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, which is a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum. And this is really an opportunity to combine the unique position that we are in with so much acreage, subsurface rights and good geologic information and partner with a firm that has a lot of experience, technical expertise in the management and sequestration of CO2. So really excited about the project. It is going to take a few years to get everything put together. You've got permitting, you've got infrastructure buildouts, etcetera. But we think this is going to come online somewhere in the 2025, 2026 timeframe.  We're not providing the economics behind the deal right now. But really, we'll start to see the real economics flow once it goes online and we're putting CO2 into the ground. But really excited about it. We're in active negotiations and discussions with a number of other partners throughout our southern ownership. So, we'd expect to be announcing some additional agreements over the next 12 to 18 months.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thanks. Maybe I'll take the question on inventories and carbon and Nancy can cover the supplemental dividend question. With respect to inventories, we did see some elevated log inventories in Oregon. So, all things considered, I would expect that to put a little bit of pressure on pricing in the log market and the Pacific Northwest and that's reflected in our guidance.  But I think the overall story in the Northwest is still pretty strong. We've got good lumber prices. And so the mills are running full out. I think we're going to have some good export activity to Japan. So we're still expecting a very strong market in the Pacific Northwest. Just a little bit of a headwind down in Oregon as mills work through some of that inventory. With respect to the inventory at Canadian mills, I can speak with respect to our mills, obviously, not so much with respect to our competitors. For us, we're seeing those come down over the course of Q2. We are seeing some slight improvements in rail in Canada. And so that's certainly going to be helpful as we work that through. So I expect those to come down over the course of the second quarter as we progress into the deeper spring. With respect to the carbon project up in Maine, it's coming along on plan. So as we mentioned last year, we listed that project on a voluntary market. We're in the process of third-party validation. So that's going well so far, and we would expect that to continue and be in a position to have the credits actually issued later this year. And then we'll look to monetize those when the price is right for carbon.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, Mark, I think the answer is it's really dependent on the specific wood basket, right? And so it's very regional in terms of the supply-demand dynamic within each individual wood basket. No question, there are some areas that, with all the new capacity coming online, you're getting back to a more balanced dynamic. You can look across spots on the Atlantic Coast, North Carolina, I think is a good example. There are some micro markets in Mississippi, Arkansas, North Central Louisiana. So there are spots where you're seeing that happen. I do think still on balance, though, when you look across the South as a whole, it's still more heavily weighted to being oversupplied. And so that's just -- as we've said, it's a long process, and it's going in the right direction. And I think we've seen some of that over the last 12 to 18 months when you look at Southern sawlog prices, and we expect that trend to continue. But I do think there are a number of spots where you still have a ways to go. So I would say it's just going to continue to be slow, steady improvement over time. But in the interim, we're really focused on generating value even at existing prices. And so, we'll be positioned through our execution, our ownership to participate as that continues to improve over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think, it's going to happen over a number of years. I mean, we've seen a lot of new capacity coming into the US South. I think the number I saw last, from 2017 through all the stuff that's been announced since coming online over the next year or two, you're talking 9 billion to 10 billion board feet of additional capacity that's coming into the system. So we'll see some of that coming on later this year. I think importantly, we're most important -- most importantly for us is just, where that capacity comes online, and we've certainly seen a number of mills coming into wood baskets where we have a lot of fee ownership. So I think it will happen over a number of years and some spots will improve faster than others, but we certainly see the trend heading in the right direction.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So just maybe a few comments here to put it in perspective. This 81,000 acres of timberlands, really some of the best, highest quality timberland that's come to market in quite some time. It's really good stocking levels, mature age class, high percentage grade mix, high percentage planted pine acreage. So really very, very high-quality market -- or timberlands come into market. So that's -- really for us, that's how we underwrote this deal, was really from a timber standpoint and the $13 million a year of EBITDA that we're talking about over the next 10 years. That's really what we use to underwrite the deal, was just really the timber piece. So the HBU, we always find HBU opportunities when we do these kinds of transactions, and I suspect that will be the case with this transaction as well. Similar with some of the natural climate solutions opportunities there, sole or mitigation banking, we think there's some opportunities there as well. But we didn't underwrite this deal just based on HBU. It was really based off of the timber portfolio that's on the land base.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things there. For us, as we think about the impacts from Russia, Ukraine, we obviously don't do any direct business in either of those markets. But you noted two of the potential impacted markets for us. And it's really -- when we think about the three different geographies, Japan is number one and we've talked about this before. Our customers compete with European glue lam going into the Japan market. And we've seen -- even as we've gone into Q2, we've seen that volume dial back a little bit, which is an opportunity for our customers that are processing our Pacific Northwest [indiscernible] logs to pick up market share. And so we're going to do everything we can to support our customers as they try to build market share. So, I think there will be some opportunities to bolster our sales into Japan as a result of that. And we're certainly looking to do that in Q2. You noted the second potential impacted geography, which is North America and I think as we see the Europeans essentially ban Russian wood coming into Europe, the European market is going to have to keep more of that fiber lumber in that domestic market to satisfy their needs, which should result in a reduction of European supply coming into the US market. I don't -- I still think with the pricing environment that we have in the US, you are going to see some level of European lumber imports into the US, which I will note, just as an aside, is still a relatively small amount as we think about the overall market. But we'll see some reduction in that European volume coming into the US. The other market where we could be impacted is China. Obviously, we do have a business into China exporting logs. I would expect the Russians to send more wood into China as other markets have been closed off. So that will be a little bit of a mixed bag, a little bit more Russian wood coming into China, probably a little less European wood going into that market. I expect that's going to be kind of a net neutral for us, but could be bumpy here for a bit.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean, so if you look at our Southern ownership as a whole, it's well south of that. So, you're usually looking kind of in the three and a half to four tons per acre from a harvest standpoint. So, this is quite a bit higher and that's really just a reflection of a couple of things. First of all, very high grade mix, particularly over the first decade or so, which drives a lot of that and a mature age class. And so we're just going to see a lot more opportunity to monetize just given the age class and stocking levels that we have on this ownership.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, without trying to get into predicting decades out in this, what I'd say more -- we're feeling really good about the cash flow profile over the first 10 years. I mean, that will obviously go down over time, and it will, I think, go more in line with our historical trends across the southern ownership as a whole. But the other thing I would note about that when we talk about that EBITDA, that's really just focused on our existing Timberlands business, and it really does not reflect I think as Paul alluded to, HBU opportunities and other natural climate solutions opportunities, which we do think will be incremental to that over time.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I think it's primarily related to COVID disruptions. It's very difficult when you're in the midst of a pandemic to have sufficient labor to pick up shifts when things go wrong. I mean in a normal environment, you're going to have weather issues. You're going to have maintenance issues. You're going to have all the things that happen in a lumber mill. But you ordinarily have the opportunity to run a few extra shifts, whether it's a Saturday or a little over time to get that kind of back up to where you need it to be. That's really been challenging in the environment that we've been over the last, call it, 12 to 18 months. And I would say now, just given the fact that labor availability is so tight across the economy as a whole, even as you've come out of COVID, where you're not still facing the same level of issues with quarantines, it's just still hard to get people. And so I'd say, generally speaking, we're in an environment where there's just not enough labor to pick up those extra shifts. And when you have new people at a mill, the other thing that maybe sometimes people forget is the folks that run the equipment at a mill are very skilled and knowledgeable, and they -- having people that have been there and know what they're doing really drives the efficiency and productivity in a mill. And so when you have higher turnover or you're having labor challenges and getting people in roles, that has an impact as well. So I think it's really -- it's COVID and its labor market are the two things that are driving that.
Devin Stockfish: We do, and that's really a couple of things. One, on the lumber side, obviously, that's part of our organic growth strategy. So that will continue to progress on pace. And I would expect our production to be up year-over-year from a lumber standpoint. And even OSB and EWP, assuming that on the EWP side, we can continue to find sufficient veneer, I would expect that to be at/or slightly above last year as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I mean, we really do. The Trust Choice franchise is a great product. It has a lot of value in the market, both because of the quality of the product, but also the team in place to help support our customers. So, you're absolutely right. It's a great product. We are looking for opportunities to grow that organically through our capital programs. That's really where we're focused right now. But I do think as a product EWP as a product is an area where we've got a unique skillset and a really key part to play in the market for growing that. So, we're looking at that, nothing specific to announce today, Mark, but I think you're exactly right. That's an opportunity for us overtime.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, there's no question. There has been a lot of interest in timberland over the last 12, 24 months. We're seeing a lot of parties at the table for all of the deals that come to market. So, a lot of interest, I think, both from your traditional buyers, the REITs, the TMOs, the private integrated companies. But we're also seeing some new entrants into this market in terms of some of the capital that's being raised around carbon and ESG. So it is -- it's a space where we're seeing a lot of interest. I think you've seen that reflected in some of the deal values of late.  And so, we are seeing the overall buying community value timberlands, maybe at a higher level than they have even just over the last few years. So we're certainly seeing that. To what extent is that people coming in, based on timber being an inflation hedge, a little hard to say. I mean historically, I think that has been true that timber inflation hedge. And so certainly, we continue to believe that that's true overtime. And as you say, this is a period where that will likely be tested given what's going on with inflation. But to your main question, absolutely, there's a lot of interest in Southern Timberlands – Western Timberlands for that matter as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'd say Oregon was a unique opportunity to really do two deals together. But I think if you just step back and look at all of the divestitures and acquisitions that we've done over the last several years, it really goes to our main strategy of optimizing and growing the value of our timber portfolio. So, we have done a number of sizable divestitures over the last several years.  I think to some extent in the West and in the South, we've largely taken care of the big opportunities. And so we're going to continue to look here and there to optimize. So you may see us sell smaller acreage here and there. But overall, I think we're certainly in more of a growth mode at this point given kind of where we position the portfolio over the last several years In terms of the pipeline, there's -- we've started off the year pretty strong. I think there's about $1.5 billion of acquisitions that have happened thus far this year. We'll see how the pipeline develops over the next several months. Our best guess here sitting here in April, probably in the neighborhood of $3 billion to $3.5 billion of acquisitions is what we're expecting for the year. So we're active. We look at all the deals that come to market, but we're also talking to people all the time about trying to create deals as well. So we'll continue to be active in this space and continue to look for opportunities to grow the value of our portfolio in a disciplined way.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We appreciate your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
