Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. As we begin to wrap up this morning, I’ll make a few brief comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Residential construction activity has clearly softened from the peak levels of 2022, particularly in the single-family segment. As we enter 2023, buyer sentiment remains cautious for new and existing homes and is being driven by numerous ongoing headwinds. Most notable is the affordability challenge brought about by increased mortgage rates, combined with significant increases in home prices over the last two years. In addition, we believe buyer psychology is being influenced by uncertainty related to the trajectory of mortgage rates, general concerns about the economy and falling home prices in many markets. As a result, we anticipate a more challenged housing market compared to the last couple of years, particularly in the first half of 2023. That being said, there are some signs recently that the environment may be improving. Mortgage rates have ticked down from recent highs. Homebuilder sentiment improved in January and mortgage application activity has picked up over the last several weeks. Additionally, the labor market remains fairly strong overall and household balance sheets are generally in good shape. There are still plenty of people who want a home and can still get a mortgage, but many buyers are likely to remain on the sidelines until we see some improvements, but at the very least some stabilization in certain macroeconomic and housing-related trends. I will note, however, that despite what may be a period of choppiness in the near term, our longer-term view on the housing fundamentals continue to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to repair and remodel. Activity in the repair and remodel market remained fairly stable in the fourth quarter and continue to be supported by steady demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment continued to soften from the elevated levels of the last couple of years and has returned to a more normalized pre-pandemic level. In the near term, we expect stable demand from the repair and remodel segment, albeit perhaps at a slightly lower level than what we’ve seen over the last couple of years. Looking out beyond 2023, most of the key drivers supporting healthy repair and remodel demand remain intact and support our more bullish long-term outlook, including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. Now, before we move into questions, I’d like to provide an update on the progress we made in 2022 against the multiyear targets we set out during our Investor Day in September of 2021. As highlighted on slide 22, we’re progressing well on all fronts. Last year, we deployed approximately $300 million on Timberland acquisitions, including our Carolinas transaction. We grew our Natural Climate Solutions EBITDA by 13% compared to 2021 and announced our first two carbon capture and storage deals, and we remain on track to grow this business to $100 million of EBITDA by year-end 2025. Last year, our teams captured approximately $40 million of margin improvements across our businesses and also made meaningful progress against our other OpEx priorities. I’m extremely pleased with this result, considering the inflationary pressures we experienced in 2022. We made progress against our 2030 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target. And finally, we demonstrated our ongoing commitment to disciplined capital allocation by increasing our quarterly dividend by 5.9% and returning $1.75 billion to shareholders, based on 2022 results. So, in closing, our performance in 2022 reflected solid execution across all of our businesses. Entering 2023, our balance sheet is exceptionally strong, we have a competitive cost structure, and we are well positioned to navigate through a range of market conditions. We’ll remain focused on servicing our customers and driving long-term value for shareholders through our unrivaled portfolio, industry-leading performance, strong ESG foundation and disciplined capital allocation. So with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Good questions, Sue. I mean, look, we have seen a little bit of a pickup here really over the last few weeks on the Wood Products side. I think that’s a reflection of a few things. Number one, going into the end of the year, most buyers really had very low inventories. And I think that was just a reflection of a lot of concern over what was going to be happening in the housing market. So, inventory levels were really low going into the end of the year. We’ve seen a few, I think, green shoots on the housing side, whether it’s the new home sales numbers, albeit down quite a bit from last year, up month-over-month. You’ve seen homebuilder sentiment pick up a little bit. So, I think there’s maybe a little bit more optimism than there was perhaps a month ago. And so, that’s driving a little bit of sentiment. I think the other piece of it, which is probably even more impactful, is just on the supply side. We’ve seen a fair bit of curtailment activity over the last few months up to another action this week from one of our competitors. And so, I think that’s driving things to be a little bit more in balance. I do think we’re probably still several weeks, if not a month, from really seeing a meaningful pickup from spring building activity. I think we’ll have a better sense as we get deeper into February as how that’s shaping up. But overall, it’s certainly been a tougher period over the last several months. But, as we head into the spring building season, we start to see mortgage rates tick down. I think we’re optimistic that it will be a little bit better than it was expected, even just a few months ago. In terms of our cost structure, that’s really been, I think, one of the true success stories at this company over the last several years. The work that we’ve done around OpEx just year after year after year driving improvements has put us in, I think, a very good competitive position from a cost standpoint, which is always important, and we’re always focused on it, but particularly when you have these market dips, it becomes very important. So I think we’re really well positioned with the scale, the cost structure that we have in place to navigate through market conditions, regardless of what they end up being for the first half of the year.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Thanks, George. Well, with respect to your first question and that’s primarily, I think, a question about the Pacific Northwest. The dynamic is really being driven right now by lumber prices. So, as you say, I do think we’re going to see a pickup in export activity out of the Pacific Northwest, both to Japan and China, particularly coming out of the Lunar New Year period, we’re expecting our exports to China to really ramp back up. And so, that’s going to be a nice healthy offtake and we’re going to see more volume going to the export market out of the Northwest. And so, ordinarily, you would see that tension things up and support pricing. But the reality is in the domestic market, log prices are going to have to be within a range where the manufacturers can still generate a profit. And frankly, until you see those log prices come down a little bit given where lumber prices have been, that’s been a real challenge. And so, I think ultimately, what’s going to be the governor on pricing in the Northwest is really what happens with lumber prices. Now, if you were to see lumber prices start coming back up as we enter the spring building season and some of the weather issues in California resolve, so you see more takeaway out of that important market, to the extent lumber prices come up, then I think you’ll see log prices follow. It continues to be a very tension wood basket. Regardless of lumber prices, there’s just a shortage of log supply in the Pacific Northwest, and that will ultimately be reflected in log prices, particularly as we see exports pick up. But again, you’re just not going to see that to the extent that lumber prices stay at a lower level. So, that’s the answer on the log side. Just in terms of the Natural Climate Solutions business and tensioning log markets, I think, candidly, we’re still a ways away from that. The primary tool for doing that is going to be on the forest carbon side. I do think over time that is going to be a big opportunity, not just for us but for other landowners. But we’re still in the early innings, I think, of that market developing. You can read the commentary on it. I think as a whole, the market is still figuring out exactly how these carbon markets are going to work. So, that’s still probably got a little bit of time before that has any real material impact. And frankly, I do think just remember, there’s lots of forest land in the United States. So I think that’s probably still a ways out before that becomes a real issue.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, look, I’ll just say at the outset, it’s hard for me to comment specifically on the cost structure of my competitors. So, I’ll just offer some broad commentary because we obviously do have some operations in BC. And I think certainly, we’ve seen a fair amount of capacity curtailment. I don’t think that was unexpected, just given the higher cost structure that you see in British Columbia now. A variety of reasons for that, and we’ve discussed that in the past. I think the curtailment activity is just going to be dependent on where lumber prices go. I think for where we were for much of the fourth quarter, particularly at the end of the year, it would be very challenging for the economics to make sense in British Columbia. Now, we’ve seen prices come up just a little bit. As you know, the log price adjustment mechanism does happen quarterly, so that will adjust down a little bit. But, it remains a very high-cost region to manufacture lumber. And so, lumber prices are going to have to stay well north of probably the historical averages for the economics to work in that geography. And I’d say too in the Pacific Northwest for that matter. The log cost to lumber ratio that we’ve seen recently has been pretty challenging for the Pacific Northwest. And so, I suspect there are a number of producers that have been challenged in this environment as well. So, until you see lumber prices go up or log prices go down, the economics are challenging, and you could see continued curtailment activity.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I would say, on balance, the interest level has gone up since we first announced this target. And that’s really true across the board, whether you’re talking about conservation, mitigation with all the infrastructure activity that’s going to happen over the next several years, there’s going to be a lot of need for mitigation banking, carbon capture and storage, particularly with the 45Q tax credit going up to $85, solar wind, forest carbon. There’s really a very significant amount of interest across all of those categories. The challenge is the time line to get these things to come to fruition. And that’s true, particularly when you talk about the renewables, you think about solar. The demand for solar is off the chart. The challenge is every one of these projects has to go through a local permitting process and to get tied into the grid. And there’s just way more activity than there is administrative support to make that happen. So, the time line for these things, carbon capture and storage, et cetera, it’s just going to take time for these things to come to fruition. But I would say our confidence in the opportunity set in Natural Climate Solutions is higher today than it was when we announced these targets in 2021. It’s just the time line. That’s the big question.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, a couple of things I would highlight. Part of our program, and this has been the case with the exception of our Dierks project, our Millport project and the Holden project that’s ongoing currently. The vast majority of our projects are not really big enormous capital projects, they’re replication projects that are -- whether it’s a merchandiser, a new gangsaw, a new CDK, I mean, those are the kinds of projects that we’re really doing across the system. And so it’s all about going in mill by mill according to a multiyear road map, finding the roadblocks and bottlenecks and taking those out so that we can drive down costs, improve reliability, drive efficiencies and then obviously, there’s some come along volume that is a part of that as well. So, it’s not any particular big project other than Holden, which we did start up the sawmill at the end of last year, we’ll be starting up the planer mill later this year. So, that project is going well. But other than Holden, there’s not any particular project that I would really highlight. It’s just a number of projects, all of which are largely replications of things that we’ve already done in other facilities.
Devin Stockfish: I think that’s potentially the case around the margins. We’ve certainly seen more European lumber coming into the market. So, on a percentage basis, year-over-year, it might look like a lot. But relative to the overall North American consumption, it’s still a pretty small percentage. And so, even if we do see a little bit of a pickup in the near term, I don’t think it’s going to fundamentally impact the overall supply-demand dynamic. The one thing I would say is, over time, I would expect that European lumber supply to go down somewhat for a couple of reasons. Number one, with the beetle kill and the fires, et cetera, that we’ve seen across Central Europe, there are a number of years that you’re going to see elevated harvest levels to work through that salvage. But ultimately, that fiber supply is going to go away. And then the second piece being just with the bans on the Russian and Belarus lumber coming into Europe, if Europe is in a normal state, you would expect more of that European lumber to have to stay domestic. Now obviously, that’s not the case because of the general economic conditions in Europe right now. So you still have, I think, a fair bit of that lumber coming into the U.S. But in any event, over the longer term, I would expect that to moderate, if not go down.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I mean, first of all, you’re absolutely right. With the South, it’s just a much less volatile pricing dynamic than you see in the West. So you’re not going to see those big quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year swings in pricing in the South. I think when we look out to 2023, particularly the first half, I do think we’re going to see some moderation in terms of the pricing dynamic, probably be down just a little bit. And that’s a reflection of a couple of things. One, we do see end market pricing softening, and that’s true both on the Wood Product side but also the pulp and paper side in general. But I think the bigger issue is one of the drivers in the South that’s been keeping prices high the last couple of years has been a general -- I would call it, urgency on the behalf of mills to keep high inventory levels of logs. And that was really just to mitigate downside risk because of the supply chain challenges, trucking, logging capacity, et cetera. So, I think that was a little bit of a support mechanism for pricing over the last couple of years. I still don’t think we’re in a place where you have an overcapacity of logging or hauling capacity in the South, but it’s eased around the margin. So, I expect pricing to soften just a little bit, broadly speaking, across the South in the first half. But the trajectory of pricing in the South, we still believe will be up over time with capacity additions and all the same drivers that have been really kind of pushing that up over the last couple of years.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think that’s exactly right, Mark. I think it’s largely a function of the supply response. OSB is a little different. Unlike Lumber where you can take a few shifts here, a few ships there, OSB is pretty lumpy in terms of capacity coming on and off, and you just haven’t really seen that. So, I think that’s really the primary difference.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I mean, the short answer is yes. I think as they come out of the COVID restrictions, that will create more opportunity. But just for a little more context, China has been an interesting market of late. There have been a lot of puts and takes. Demand clearly has been down primarily as a result of the COVID lockdowns, but also just a broader shakeup in the real estate industry in China. So, I’d say on balance, log demand, lumber demand in China has been down of late. But there have also been a lot of supply impacts as well. So with the Russian log ban, the Australian log ban, I think you’re seeing some of the European log flow from the salvage activity start to wane a little bit. So, there have been, I think, impacts on both sides of the ledger. For us specifically, we’ve got long-term customers. The demand for us was actually higher than the volume that we sent there last year. And as we’ve said, that was really just a function of capturing the better margin opportunities domestically. As those two have come a little bit more into balance, freight costs have come down, we are anticipating ramping up our China volume into Q1. And that’s -- I think that would be the case regardless of what’s going on in China, just because our customers need that wood. But I do think coming out of the Lunar New Year in China, you’re going to see log and lumber demand pick up. They’ve been in a relative soft spot for a while. So, I think there’s going to be plenty of opportunity for us to ramp up our export volumes to China.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, in repair and remodel, I think there are a number of variables at play. And to some extent, it makes it a little bit harder to forecast than normal. I do think most of the drivers behind strong repair and remodel that we’ve seen over the last several years are still in place. You’ve got homeowners with a lot of equity. You’ve got an aging housing stock. A lot of these older houses are smaller and have different layouts than some of the newer homes. So, I think that provides an incentive for homeowners to upgrade and add on to existing older homes. I think the other dynamic that’s somewhat new with so many people having refinanced mortgages at lower rates to the extent that keeps them in existing house rather than going out and purchasing a new home at a higher mortgage, I think that could be also a catalyst for more repair and remodel activity. Now, of course, as you mentioned, historically, buying and selling a home is one of the times people often do repair and remodel projects. And so, that could be a little bit of a headwind to the extent that activity dies down a little bit. So, lots of puts and takes. But I think we’re still expecting solid repair and remodel activity this year, albeit probably a little bit lower than we’ve seen over the last couple of years. But we’re still seeing good activity. Now, to your question about how did that trend in the fourth quarter, I mean there’s always a little bit of seasonality when you get into the cold months. You’re not going to be having people build decks in December like they would be in the spring. So, there’s a seasonality impact. But on balance, we’re still seeing solid demand and would expect that to continue in 2023.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it wasn’t. And when we talk about that multiyear goal and so just to reiterate, that’s getting to 5.7 billion board feet by the end of 2025. We are doing the work year-to-year through our capital programs to get to that level. Now year-to-year, the production will vary depending on what’s going on. And you look at what happened last year between COVID, the strike, a number of other issues that we dealt with last year with supply chain, labor, et cetera, we did see our production volume reduce year-over-year. But, the underlying projects that build the capacity within the system to accommodate 5.7 billion, we’re still on track for that and expect to get there. But again, year-to-year, it will just depend on what the market dynamics are in terms of actual production.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, as you know, the EWP market is most closely tied to single-family housing. And so, as we’ve seen that market slow, it has had an impact on EWP demand and you could see in our quarterly numbers in terms of production, we did take some extra holiday downtime to try to better match that. So, I think as we think about pricing generally, it’s always trying to balance market share, margins, operating posture, et cetera. We did take -- we did implement a targeted price reduction in EWP. We’ll kind of see how the rest of the quarter plays out to determine what that pricing trajectory looks like. Probably not going to give specifics on the pricing just for competitive reasons, but I would note, we’re still obviously above pre-pandemic levels. And to the extent that we see housing start to pick up again, we feel like we’re in a really good competitive position with our Engineered Wood Products.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think the reality, and we’ve seen this really over the last couple of years, and my expectation is this is going to continue. There has been a lot of interest in the Timberlands asset class. And that’s from the traditional players, the REITs, the TMOs, the private integrators, just a lot of interest there. But we’re also seeing interest come in from some new types of investors. And I think that’s really driven a lot of activity. Last year, we were over $5 billion of Timberlands transaction activity. Our expectation is we’ll still be north of $3 billion for this year. So, just a lot of interest there. And I think there’s a few things. Number one, we have seen log prices trending up a little bit, so that could be driving some of it. But I think the bigger piece is just a lot more interest in the ESG properties of owning timberlands in an environment where there’s so much focus on climate. I think, they’re starting to be a better realization and recognition of some of the alternative values that are inherent in owning Timberlands, and that’s renewables, carbon, real estate, et cetera. So, just a lot of interest there. My expectation is that’s going to continue into 2023. Our view is that the trajectory for Timberlands is very positive in the years to come.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, I think that was our last question. So, I’ll just say thanks to everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
