Devin Stockfish: Thanks, David. Before wrapping up this morning, I’ll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Our view on the housing market is largely unchanged, and we still anticipate a somewhat more challenging backdrop in 2023, compared to the last couple of years. We’ve clearly seen some softening from the peak levels of 2022 as home buyer sentiment remains cautious. That being said, there have been some positive signs lately that the housing market is holding up better than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. Specifically, we’ve seen improvements in home builder sentiment, an increase in new home sales, and an uptick in single family starts over the last couple of months. Additionally, the labor market and household balance sheets are generally in good shape and inventory of existing homes for sale remains well below historical levels. Putting this all together, we continue to believe that underlying housing demand is solid. As we saw in the first quarter, there are buyers willing to step back into the market in response to lower mortgage rates and home builder incentives. Ultimately, we’ll need to see further rate reductions combined with a stable to improving U.S. economy before the housing market fully returns to the levels of the past few years. However, not withstanding any near-term headwinds, we continue to maintain a positive and constructive longer-term view on housing fundamentals supported by strong demand, favorable demographic trends, and a significantly under-built housing stock. Turning to repair and remodel, where activity remained fairly stable in the first quarter and continued to be supported by steady demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment has largely normalized a pre-pandemic levels. Looking forward, we expect customer demand to be bolstered to some degree by prospective home buyers choosing to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home in a higher mortgage rate environment. Lower commodity building product prices may also support repair and remodel activity in the near-term. And in any event, we continue to have a bullish longer-term outlook for repair and remodel demand supported by strong home equity levels and an aging housing stock. In closing, we delivered solid operational and financial performance in the first quarter. We remain as focused as ever on operational excellence in supporting our customers to drive industry-leading margins. In addition, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. During the quarter, we increased our base dividend by 5.6% and returned more than $830 million to shareholders through base and supplemental dividend payments, as well as share repurchase activity. Looking forward, we remain constructive on the longer-term demand fundamentals that will drive growth for our business notwithstanding the current macroeconomic headwinds. Our financial position is exceptionally strong, and we are focused on delivering superior operating performance across our unmatched portfolio of assets, as well as enhancing shareholder value through disciplined capital allocation. So with that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Anthony, good question. As we think about the southern sawlog pricing dynamic, as you say, there are certainly regional differences and we’ve seen that play out over a number of years. As you mentioned, the Atlantic coast and we think about that from North Carolina, really all the way down through Florida and Georgia, certainly been a stronger market. I think there are a couple of things at play there. To some extent, the sawlog market is also impacted by the pulpwood markets on the coastal region. As you think about a lot of these mills and where they source logs, if you’re next to the ocean, your sourcing radius is only about 180 degrees versus 360. And so that tightens up some of those markets and I think that bleeds into sawlogs and certainly I think that’s been one of the drivers of lay for what you’ve seen those prices tick up. We’ll see if – with a little softening in the fiber markets, if that wanes a little bit more. But I think more broadly, as you mentioned, we have seen some capacity coming into the south and certainly that’s benefited us in some of the markets where we have large fee holdings, you think Mississippi, southern Arkansas, some spots in Louisiana. What we have seen is as new capacity comes into a particular wood basket, we see an uplift on sawlog prices and we expect that to just continue to be the case as more capacity comes into that region. And I think the other thing at play of late has been, and this is particularly true, I’d say over the last 18 or so months, there’s just been a bit of a constraint on log and haul capacity, and I think that’s another driver for why you’ve seen a little bit of an uptick in sawlog prices just as mills wanted to maintain inventory, so they didn’t lose out on the high lumber price opportunity. I would say that the haul capacity has probably gotten a little bit better here, as we’ve gotten into 2023. But over the long-term, I continue to think you’re going to have constraints on both log and haul capacity across the south just as labor will continue to be an issue. So the net-net, as we are seeing regional differences. Will we see the Atlantic coast come down a little bit more perhaps, but on balance, we still feel pretty optimistic about the trajectory of southern sawlog prices in the years to come.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think the good news is there just continues to be an increasing level of interest across really all parts of that Natural Climate Solutions business. That’s true with renewables, solar, wind, a lot of interest and activity there. It’s true with mitigation banking. We’ve seen certainly a lot of interest in carbon capture and storage in the forest carbon markets. So I think we’re as optimistic as ever about the trajectory of growth over time with that business. And that’s really, like I say, true across to every component of that Natural Climate Solutions business. I think the trick continues to be managing the timeline to get these projects to fruition, and that’s unfortunately the case across each of those different businesses, whether it’s the permitting and getting tied into the grid across the renewable section – sector or just the timeline to get for us carbon projects through the process of a third-party audit. And I think that’s going to continue to get better over time as more resources go into the system. But it’s really a question of timing more than magnitude, but we’re really optimistic about the long-term opportunities across really each of those businesses within Natural Climate Solutions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I feel like we’re right at the goal line. We’ve had all of our materials and responses into the third-party auditor for quite some time. I think one of the things that we’ve come to appreciate in this space is that there are not enough third-party auditors really to manage the magnitude of carbon credits that are coming to market. I do think that’s something that will be resolved over time. But that’s really been the bottleneck for us as we’ve tried to move that through to the end game. I think we should have something here shortly and we would anticipate in the very near future getting those credits issued and then hopefully start selling those for us carbon credits. But I would say also, we’ve also learned some things through the process that I think should help us scale this program going forward. So more to come on that, hopefully, in the very near future.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On balance, we’ve seen pretty solid demand. I would say, just for context, Q1 is always a little bit softer from the DIY segment just because people aren’t doing R&R projects in the northern regions this time of year. I would say in the south, we’ve actually seen the activity up a little bit year-over-year as we feed into the big box retailers. It’s been a little lagging in the west, I would say, year-to-date, but that’s starting to pick up. So on balance, we’re still expecting a very solid year from the DIY segment. I don’t think it’s going to be at the same levels that we saw during the peak of the pandemic, but certainly very strong relative to pre-pandemic levels.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I think as we look across the key cost elements of each of those businesses, the labor piece has remained elevated. I don’t think it’s increasing at the clip that we’ve seen over the last several years, but it still remains at an elevated level. But besides labor, I would say on balance, we are seeing some progress in having that inflationary pressure kind of back off a bit, whether it’s fuel, energy, resins really across the board we’ve seen some of the fiber costs come down. So we are seeing some of those inflationary pressures start to wane and I think that will be a tailwind for us as we get through the year as well.
Devin Stockfish: Well, I think not surprisingly, given that EWP’s primary market is single family construction. We did see softening in EWP demand as we got into Q4 last year. And that really flowed through into Q1. As you say, I think to a large extent, as the housing market softened last fall, the inventory levels across the channel probably built up a little bit more than expected. And we certainly saw in Q1, many of our customers had to work through some existing inventory. And so we adjusted our operating posture down to more – to be more reflective of the demand environment. And that I think together with just a little bit of softening on the price side is really what you saw reflected in the Q1 EBITDA numbers for EWP. But again, as we step back and look at this business from a high level, we’re still at pricing that’s well above historical levels, pre-pandemic levels. And I think as we get deeper into the spring, we’ve seen our order files start to build. Certainly, I think what we’ve seen going on recently with single-family construction in particular starting to get a little bit more optimistic about how that’s going to be playing out in the months to come. So we’re going to be increasing our production in Q2 as Davie mentioned. Not – still not up to the levels that we’re running full out, but certainly above where we were in Q4 and Q1. And I think that will continue to trend in the right direction as we get deeper into the year, assuming that housing continues with this momentum. So we feel really good about the business. It’s a quality product. We have great service and I think really a lot of customer loyalty and so we’ll continue to serve our customers and as single-family housing continues to recover that business will be in really good shape for us going forward.
Devin Stockfish: I think our view is that it’s going to stay fairly stable for most of this year absent a material change in market dynamics. That’s certainly our view from a saw log perspective. I think there’s probably a little risk with respect to fiber logs just given in markets in the pulp and paper space have softened a bit and so there may be a little softening here until that stabilizes and firms up. But for the saw log prices, our view is it’s going to stay pretty consistent over the course of this year. And then as the market improves overall going forward, a lot of the same drivers for that log price appreciation we’ve seen over the last couple of years should kick back into gear and we still feel pretty optimistic long-term that we’ll see that gradual price increase across the saw log portfolio.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I think it’s progressing as expected. As we said before, there’s a fair amount of work to do between signing the deal, an actual first injection, you’ve got to prove out the data, which has been underway and that’s progressing well, the permitting and ultimately building out the infrastructure. But I think from a timeline standpoint, things are progressing as expected and we continue to believe, we’ll see first injection in late 2025 or into 2026. But I think a big part of why we chose those two partners is they’re both very well equipped to manage through the process and the timeline. So we think it’s progressing on plan.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. For lumber, we’ll definitely be up year-over-year. Sitting here today, it’s probably kind of a mid-single-digit, high-single-digit percentage wise improvement year-over-year. And remember, last year there were some things going on around the strike in the Pacific Northwest and frankly with some of the labor issues probably the production was down as a result of that to some degree as well. So we should see that improve in 2023. And then from an OSB standpoint, that should be up slightly as well.
Devin Stockfish: No. You hit on it exactly, Mark. It’s just a function of when you have a three to five week order file, it takes time for the current prices that are reflected in Random Lengths to flow through to realization. So there’s a lag on the way up, but then there’s also a lag on the way down, so it nets out to be the same, it’s just a timing issue.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, that’s a really good question, Mark. I think from our standpoint, we have 7 million acres across really all of the major markets across the south. Unparalleled diversification. I think generally speaking, we have peer leading scale in every market. So, I think as we move forward in a world where we think saw logs are going up, I think we’re really well positioned going forward. And as you know, there’s just been a lot of new capacity coming into the south. And I think – and we’ve seen this in markets where new capacities come in that’s pushed up saw log prices. So as we think about how does that impact our business as a whole going forward, I think it’s positive. First on the timberland side, we are a net seller of logs. So on balance, we generally sell between 40% to 50% of our grade fee logs in the south to our internal mills. So that means the remainder of those logs go to third-party customers. So higher saw log prices in the south will have a net benefit to warehouser on those third-party logs. Now obviously, higher log prices also have an impact on wood products manufacturing as that’s a key input cost. But I think again, the integrated model that we have is going to help us in that respect. So the manufacturing side as those saw log prices increase over time those logistics and efficiency benefits that our manufacturing operations enjoy today on the fee timber that we supply is going to become even more important in maintaining industry leading margins. And you can just look to the Pacific Northwest for an example of that. So I think on balance, we feel very good about that. Obviously, there are regional differences, but I would say outside of the Southeast, we have manufacturing operations in every other wood basket. So, most of those dynamics will play out very similarly. And I think, all in, if you want to look at log prices and where they’re going, I think, with our business to scale the integrated nature, we’re going to be the premier investment vehicle to leverage increasing southern sawlog prices into the future.
Devin Stockfish: We do. So generally speaking, our internal mills are going to get 50% of their logs from our fee timber, and then they will buy the remaining 50% from third parties.
Devin Stockfish: We certainly have seen an uptick in particularly the European lumber hitting the U.S. market. And I’ll speak to Japan here in just a moment as well. I think that’s a function really of a couple different things. First, if you look back over the last couple of years, clearly the lumber pricing dynamic in the U.S. made it a very attractive place to send wood. And so even overcoming the logistics and transportation costs, it was a margin positive move to get lumber from Europe into the U.S. market. Even as lumber prices have come down in the U.S., I think to some extent it’s still probably the best margin opportunity for some lumber because the European demand has really come down with all of the dynamics that are going on there. And so, I think you’re going to see European imports come down a little bit in 2023, probably not dramatically, however, until you start to see the European economy and European demand pick up. We did see in Japan a pretty significant slug of lumber hitting that market at the end of 2022. And as Davie mentioned, that has put a little bit of pressure on the Japanese market for our customers and our log deliveries. We have started to see the European volume coming into Japan Wayne [ph]. And so we expect that excess inventory of European lumber to work down here in the second quarter. And we should be back into a more normalized position as we get into the third quarter. I think over the long term though, Buck, the reality is with the beetle infestation issue that they’ve had in Central Europe, that volume is rapidly becoming less viable, I think as the Russian imports of lumber into Europe. Assuming that those don’t come back in a material way in the near future. The overall dynamic is going to be the Europeans will have to keep more lumber in Europe in a normalized circumstance. And so I think this is a short-term issue that will resolve itself in the not too distant future.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There has certainly been a lot of new capacity coming into the South. But we’ve also seen a lot of capacity coming out of BC. I suspect there will be more to come. If you just step back and look at the overall amount of new lumber capacity into the U.S., it’s really not a significant amount over the last several years. Now we’re continuing to see new mills come in and new announcements, although that’s probably slowed just a little bit over the last six to nine months because of what’s going on in the broader economy. But I think a good way to think about it is, you’re going to see 1 billion, 1.5 billion board feet come into the South more or less every year for the next little bit. But I think you’re going to see a comparable amount come out of British Columbia just given what’s going on and the dynamic there. So net North American lumber editions, I’m not sure it’s going to be all that much really.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, George. So, maybe I’ll take China first and then comment briefly on the lumber piece. From a China standpoint, the latest published numbers from an inventory standpoint in China were down. However, what we saw on the ground in April is a number of ships that were coming over from New Zealand with wood that had been delayed post cyclone. And so I think the inventories in the next published number are going to be up a bit. And I think we’ve also seen some very low quality European logs in that market that they’re trying to get rid of more or less at fire sale prices. And so I think here in the very near term, it’s just going to be a little bit softer environment as they work through some of that inventory. That being said, the takeaway has really started to pick up here as we’ve come out of the Lunar New Year. I think as we get out past this period of working through some of this inventory that support at the moment, we’re feeling pretty good about the back half of the year in China. I think that will be a nice flex opportunity for us out of the Pacific Northwest. On the lumber side and Davie may have the specific numbers in terms of the Q4 impact. But I would say beyond the strike impact, the one thing I would point out is just as we get into an environment where, as I mentioned earlier, turnover is starting to lessen a little bit more stability. We’ve got the transportation networks that are starting to get a little bit more, I would say healthy and so. On balance, the business just ran better overall in Q1. And I think that’s really again a testament to the work that our teams are doing and what’s still a relatively challenging environment.
Devin Stockfish: Okay. Well, thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
David Wold: Yes, sure. Thanks. I mean, we have – as we’ve said for a while now, we believe share purchase is a useful tool in the right circumstances and certainly we’re fortunate to have a number of capital allocation levers, including M&A investing in our business and adjustments to our capital structure. So the current share price, share repurchase is an attractive lever, but we’re constantly weighing that in light of all the alternatives and the overall backdrop. And we’ve been quite active, repurchasing shares since we announced our increase to our authority in fall 2021, making our way through about two-thirds of that $1 billion authorization, including about $550 million last year. So as we moved into 2023, the process really remains the same, but to your point with the cash return framework, the amount of cash committed to be returned to shareholders is going to flex up or down year-to-year based on the amount of adjusted FAD generated. So in light of the economic environment we saw to start the year with the relative choppiness and housing, it’s important to be disciplined and balanced as we deploy our cash over time, weighing all the market conditions and those available levers and ultimately allocating the cash in the way that creates the most value for shareholders. So in summary, I’d say the evaluation process remains consistent. We’ll continue to assess share repurchases along with all the other capital allocation options and report out our activity quarterly.
David Wold: Sure. Well, at a high level, I think the benefits of this OpEx program that we’ve been undertaking for a number of years are really reflected in the Q1 numbers as you said in a very challenging market, we were still able to deliver positive margins across all of our businesses. And I think just from a relative operating performance standpoint, that’s really, really served us well and has been a core part of our operating strategy for quite some time. We are progressing, I think, quite well to that $175 million to $250 million target. And I would say, I’m particularly pleased with the progress we made last year. We generated $40 million of OpEx in an environment where we saw historically high levels of inflation. And so that was quite a headwind to navigate through. I think this year as we see some of the turnover starting to go back to maybe a more normal level and inflation comes down, I feel very good about the tailwinds that we’ll have from an OpEx standpoint. And I think it’s just a real testament to the teams that we have all across the organization that are staying focused on improving how we operate every day, trying to innovate everywhere we can and serving our customers to make sure that we’re not just maintaining industry level – industry leading margins, but we’re growing that over time. So really pleased with the efforts there.
David Wold: Yes, George. I just call out the impact in Q4 would have been pretty negligible based on where margins were at that point in time of the work stoppage. I mean, we had a marginal amount of cost associated that may have offset those marginal piece of additional income there. So not really much there. I just call out just another great example of the work we’ve done over time on our cost structure and the OpEx performance of the team to deliver a great quarter in challenging market conditions.
David Wold: Yes, I’d say so. As Devin referenced earlier, we’ve seen some easing on the inflationary side with the labor piece still kind of being persistently strong. But across the board in terms of the other costs, we’re seeing some nice signs of easing there. So I think this would be a reasonable baseline moving forward.
