Thad Trent: Yes, Ross, this is Thad. So if you look at the planned exits that we have for Q1, we think we'll exit up to another $75 million in the first quarter. As we've always said, this will be market-dependent, but we do kind of see that in the cards here. In terms of overall what we're seeing for Q1, we're looking at automotive continuing to be strong. Think about it as kind of low single digits. We think industrial is down kind of low single digits. And the rest, consumer, compute, other, being down pretty significantly to make up that -- the rest of it to be down approximately 9% for the quarter. I think for the year, it's hard to tell at this point. I think we see auto remains strong. I think industrial kind of being potentially flat year-on-year and the rest of the business being down slightly or down, but it's obviously too early to tell what's going to happen long term.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, you know that, right? I mean there's no surprises here on where margins are coming in. We're really happy with where we're performing. All of the ramps in silicon carbide and EFK are playing out just as we would expect. We think these headwinds kind of peaked probably Q2, Q3. We think by the end of this year, we've got silicon carbide, the headwinds there have gotten to parity and the margins for average at that point after all these headwinds are behind us. But we're pretty happy with the performance and the tracking of gross margin at this point, right on track with what we've been telegraphing for a couple of quarters ago.
Thad Trent: Yes. So the lead times are relatively bottom and think they are down a couple of weeks on average. But when you're out at 45 weeks, that really isn't material. So I would say things have been very consistent throughout the quarter in terms of the lead times as well as just the shortages and the number of escalations that we've seen.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, we remain confident in that 48% to 50%. I said that in my prepared remarks. We've also said that target is a milestone, not a destination, right? We're confident in our business. We have a lot of tailwinds after we get through '23. So stay tuned on that, but we remain committed to the 48% to 50%. And believe that is a milestone.
Thad Trent: Yes. So let me start with the latter. The East Fishkill is 50 basis points to 70 basis points. You can think about that as being linear throughout the year and very consistent. That's where the foundry services that we'll be providing to GLOBALFOUNDRIES at kind of a low margin, low single-digit type margin. In terms of the silicon carbide, as I said earlier, we're really happy with the execution there. We're in that range of 100 basis points to 200 basis points. We think that starts to peak kind of in midyear. We think that based on what we can see now with the $1 billion run rate or the $1 billion number that we're going to hit in '23, we think we'll exit the year with that headwind behind us. So that's why I've said that 2023 is really a transition year for us.
Thad Trent: Yes. And let me just add that the $4.5 billion of silicon carbide LTSA is through '25. So it's actually a much larger number that's included in the in $16.6 billion of total LTSAs. But as Hassane said, it's broad. The place that we are not doing LTSA, obviously, is the noncore business that we're trying to exit. So we are intentionally trying to get out of that business.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, we're -- if you look at our inventory on our balance sheet, in terms of days that went up, as I mentioned, there are 26 days of bridge inventory for the fab transition in the silicon carbide ramp. If you look at that quarter-over-quarter, our base inventory, not the strategic portion of what the transition, the bridge is actually down. So you can see, we've talked about reducing wafer starts from earlier in the year, starting in Q2, and you can see that coming through our inventory. So this is just that our tight management of inventory. At the same time, in the channel, we've been managing it very tight as well. So we took inventory in the channel down by $10 million sequentially. It's at 7.3 weeks. We plan on running that really tight as well. We've been in that range for quite a while here, and we continue to go through the softness we'll manage both internal inventory and channel inventory very tight and just be cautious in terms of what we're seeing out there.
Thad Trent: Well, it's really a combination of both, right? In Q4, we exited $17 million. It was below our expectations than what we thought we would exit. In Q1, we're looking at $75 million. So I think it's a combination of that. We're definitely seeing slowness in the other noncore markets, right? Consumer and compute has been down. It continues to be down. As I said, our automotive, we expect to be up sequentially in Q1. And we think industrial has got some headwinds as well. But so -- I would look at it as a cautious guide, but it's kind of taken into account the exits as well as just the overall softness that we're seeing right now.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So, Vivek, two parts of your question. So first, yes, we're reconfirming the $1 billion revenue for '23. The increase of $0.5 billion in the same timeframe, the '23 to '25, obviously, we've always said we continue to engage with customers. Customer continue to value the performance of our products and the end-to-end capability, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So that obviously has maintained the strength of our business where customers are committing to long-term supply agreements, even in what I would call a shorter- term horizon, which is '23 to '25. So that's again a testament of where we stand with the technology and the supply. Now as far as your comments on internal substrate, we remain committed to our internal substrates. So of course, we have been -- through '22, we have ramped our capabilities for internal substrates. That ramp is going to keep increasing. And that ramp is as a plan to support our growth in the LTSA that we have from '23 to '25 and even beyond. And as far as yields are concerned, I know there's conversations about yield, none of which have been made by the company. So I'll use the opportunity to set the record straight. Any commentary about yields from unreliable sources, I'm not going to comment on. What I will tell you is our yields are coming in per plan. Our ramp is coming in per plan. And as shown in our margin in the fourth quarter and our guide in the first quarter, which all have come between that 100 basis points to 200 basis points. So our business is healthy, our ramp is on track, and we will continue to invest in browfield to support our customers.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I think we're going to outgrow the market in automotive. We said that goal even back in our Analyst Day, and we've been outperforming our own goal. Outside of silicon carbide, the breadth of our portfolio is what is really highlighting the strength of that business. We've always said that our growth is going more pact content versus unit sold. Thad talked about the transformation we've had in our image sensing -- our Intelligent Sensing Group. That is content, both in number per vehicle, but also the ASPs with the higher resolution. That's driving growth in our business. A lot of the power, whether it's IGBT or support other medium and high-voltage fabs outside of silicon carbide, that's more content, both content and share gains. I can tell you, I am -- we are winning more share as others can't supply, and we're locking in that share gain in LTSAs to sustain the long term. So all of that is what is giving us the confidence in our ramp. And look, we still are oversubscribed as far as demand is concerned, which puts us in a very good buffer as far as whatever demand does and the macro does. We feel very strongly about the position in our automotive. And of course, other segments from ASG is the LED driver, ultrasonic sensing. All of these are macro trends that are happening in automotive driving our content in that business.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, obviously, our philosophy has not changed. The pricing is firm. The backdrop is the LTSAs are legally binding. We will engage with customers for the right reasons. Obviously, it's not in anybody's benefit to have inventory on their shelf or even inventory in the channel. So we've been managing the inventory in the channel. You've seen that consistently in our performance. So that philosophy is holding, and we will maintain that. Engagement with customers, it's not about price, but we will have a win-win situation with the customer, and that remains our philosophy.
Hassane El-Khoury: No, no. This is Hassane. We haven't seen any of that in automotive. Like I said earlier, we still remain oversubscribed in auto. So it's not really a demand for us, it's more of a supply. So as we get more supply, we're going to be able to cover more of the demand. But cancellations have not been an issue in automotive. Obviously, we've seen cancellations. If I look at a trend, actually Q4 was slightly down as far as cancellations on the non-auto. So I think it's too soon to call it a trend. But it looks like it's getting better. But like I said, with our LTSAs, we're able to engage with customers for a win-win. So we don't see that impact beyond what we guided.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I think even last quarter, when we talked about the third quarter even, we talked about how some of the industrial markets that are closer to the consumer, like power tools and so on, those remain soft. We've seen softness in the broader market. Again, we believe this is more consumer and macro-driven, where we have been investing in industrial and alternative energy, that has actually been up, as I said, 75%, even ahead of our 60% growth target that we had. So that exceeded our expectation. That gives you the strength of the market that will continue through '23. And then pockets in the medical business that we focus on have seen a lot of growth, and we see that continuing in '23, obviously, offset by softness in other broader pockets of industrial. So no real change in the performance of that business or the outlook as we get into '23.
Hassane El-Khoury: No, the pricing is holding up because -- just to clarify one thing. Our industrial business, where I highlighted the growth and where we have been focusing and where we want to keep investing, those are -- those remain under LTSA. So the LTSAs are not only for automotive, but they are for growth areas where we have been putting investments and we want that return on the investments to be solid. So that carved out a big portion of the growth in industrial and puts it on high confidence. Obviously, the NCNR, we are getting the renewed backlog in these, and the backlog comes in at the same rate as far as pricing is concerned. So we don't see any softness there as far as pricing, even on the NCNR.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. This is Hassane. So look, the LTSAs are broad in nature. I highlighted some examples where we have hundreds of parts for LTSA, and that goes back to the strength of our portfolio and the breadth of our portfolio as we target applications like electric vehicle electrification or autonomous driving or even parts of the industrial where we provide, for example, the sensing part of it as well as the motor control in the areas of factory automation, as an example. So all of these is really the strength of our portfolio. If I look at it, majority is automotive just because, obviously, it ties to the total market. Total market in automotive is larger. Therefore, our LTSAs are larger. And like you said, 1/4 of it is silicon carbide. So the rest is really the broad portfolio that we have. Image sensing, for example, remains a constrained technology. And given that is a very key enabler for autonomous driving in the future of mobility, that has customers really locking in supply in order to ensure that they have what they need as they start converting their vehicles to more ADAS or Level 2+ with more content. That's the breadth that I can talk about across all applications that we target.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, that's a great question. So we've been obviously investing in brownfield. We've been very upfront about it. Given our manufacturing footprint and the optimization that we've been undergoing in the last couple of years, we're very well positioned to grow in there as we want. So let me give you some color. We have a large-scale manufacturing site in South Korea in Bucheon. That is an existing highly capable, high output power fab that today manufactures IGBT. What we've been able to do over the last few years is transfer that IGBT technology to East Fishkill converted to 12-inch. So there's benefit from that by itself, and then use an existing power fab with slightly fewer GAAP tools in order for us to run silicon carbide and start running silicon carbide in that fab. So that's what allowed us to ramp so quickly and with the CapEx efficiency that you've seen from us. That, for example, is on the front end. The same thing with the back-end. We have a very robust back-end footprint that is already leading in power and packaging for power semiconductors and modules. We've been able to retool those back-end factories in order to support our world-class modules that I mentioned in my prepared remarks for silicon carbide. So that's on the front-end and the back-end. Now right after the material that we've been talking about, there is, of course, capabilities of wafering and epi, and that's where we do it in the Czech Republic. We've been able to increase that capacity to match the output from our Hudson facility for substrates and to match the capabilities that our fab has been able to ramp to. So all of these three sites are what is increasing proportionately in order to support our not only the $1 billion, but you can imagine, we're investing in the '24 ramp and the '25 ramp based on those LTSAs. Those are coming in on track. Those are coming in on time. Obviously, equipment has been a challenge over the last few years, but we've been able to stay ahead of it given that we're utilizing our existing manufacturing footprint. So I'm very proud with what the team has done because it's not an easy task, but they have been able to do it, and that's obviously a testament of the capabilities of the team to run such a complex manufacturing. And we'll continue to invest in brownfield in order to support our long-term strategy.
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, we're an established supplier too for silicon carbide. So that puts us in that bucket. But look, I remain consistent in why we're winning. A lot of people focus on technology as, call it, the silicon carbide wafer technology or something before that like substrates. I always couple the competitive advantage we have on technology as encompasses the wafer technology, but also the packaging technology. Any power semiconductor for us to be competitive and really win in the market, you have to have both. The best power silicon or silicon carbide die, if you can't get the heat off of it in a very light and efficient manner, then it's not going to work in the whole system. So we're able to do the best, highest power highest density power in a very light and cost-effective package using our road map and our innovation. Customers have validated that and customers have signed up for us. So the combination of the power, call it, semiconductor or silicon carbide plus the packaging co-developed is what puts us in the lead and customers are obviously seeing that benefit and signing up with us for those long-term agreements. So you have to have both, and we have the best of both.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I mean, in all fairness, let me just give you a little bit of a time-based questions. A lot of the ramps that are happening today are ramps that have been on, call it, three, maybe four years ago. Before onsemi was, call it, a credible and a focused player in silicon carbide, we talked about our strategy of doubling down on silicon carbide in 2021. So my focus and our strategy and a lot of the wins that we have are forward-looking. Obviously, they already started. They are ramping our -- for -- against that $1 billion we have in '23, but forward- looking. So how it's split, like I said, most of the platforms are single sourced. So I can tell you because the packaging is not like it's swappable. So most of them are single source. There are a few cases where we may share a platform, but majority of them are single sourced. And those will be ramping. Think about what we're winning now is in the '25, '26 and beyond. What we are ramping now has already been won a few years ago. So that gives you a little bit on the timing of what others have been disclosing, which is not a surprise to me, by the way.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, it's been the same. When we -- we've done a lot of amendments -- what we call amendment where customers came in and wanting more volume, and obviously, in the areas where we have been able to release volume because of the decline in the other markets and our ability to convert. We have been able to sign up for more volume for the customer, still, unfortunately, less than what their demand natural demand would be. But we have been able to increase that. So customers always engage with us on kind of almost what about now? What about now? Are we able to get that? Some of the technology or medium voltage bets remain constrained. Our IGBT remain constrained. Silicon carbide, obviously, we maintain our constraint. Image sensor, constraints. So we do have technologies across the company that remain constrained. So any opportunity we have where we were able to gain efficiency in our manufacturing footprint or convert from nonstrategic or non-core to core technology in our fab. We actually will either proactively, go and talk to our customers that we know we're not supporting 100% or they come to us with some mix. Some of it is, again, our sockets that we want to get to 100%. And lately, it's been where others cannot support and customers have come to us and those were -- have been share gains. So we're able to solidify those in an LTSA to sustain five to sometimes seven years length. So it's still -- the environment is positive as far as the LTSAs because it's more on a long term. It's not anything about what we can do in '23.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I think we expect the pricing environment to be stable this year. Our approach to pricing has been strategic where you mentioned, we're looking at price to value discrepancy we've done a lot of that. So that's all behind us. Right now, it's really focusing on supporting our customers with supply. So we don't see any, call it, pricing that we do. Obviously, we're always sensitive to costs, and we keep an eye up on cost. So if we do get cost increases that are not part of already our LTSA or cost increases that are new that we haven't gotten yet from some of the vendors, we are -- of course, we'll pass those on. But as far as the pricing environment, net of that, we do see it as stable.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call, and thank you for the thousands of onsemi employees who have had a direct impact on our exceptional results. As we enter this new year, amid a dynamic macro environment, I'm confident that we will maintain our momentum and navigate this market better than we ever have as a company. Thank you.
