Donald Colvin: Thanks, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenue in the third quarter of 2010 were approximately $600.7 million, an increase of 3% from the second quarter of 2010. During the third quarter of 2010, the company reported GAAP net income of $87.8 million or $0.20 per fully diluted share. The third quarter 2010 GAAP net income included net charges of $20 million or $0.05 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release. GAAP gross margin in the third quarter was 41%. Non-GAAP gross margin in the third quarter was 41.3%. During the third quarter, external factors such as currencies and commodity prices negatively impacted GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin by approximately $7 million to $8 million or 130 basis points. Third quarter 2010 non-GAAP net income was $107.8 million or $0.25 per share on a fully diluted basis, including stock-based compensation expense. During the third quarter of 2010, our GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses included approximately $5 million of acquisition expenses related to our M&A activities. We exited the third quarter of 2010 with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $562.9 million, an increase of approximately $96 million from the previous quarter. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company's history at approximately $223 million. At the end of the third quarter, total sales outstanding were approximately 48 days, down by two days compared with the second quarter of 2010. ON Semiconductor's internal inventory increased slightly from second quarter levels on a days basis to approximately 90 days. Included in our internal inventory is approximately $13 million of inventory related to our acquisitions and bridge inventory related to our announced closures of front-end manufacturing lines. Net of the bridge inventory and inventory from acquisitions, our inventory days would have been approximately 87 days at the end of the third quarter. Distribution inventories remained low at approximately eight weeks exiting the quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the third quarter were approximately $52 million, bringing year-to-date capital expenditures to approximately $146 million. We currently anticipate total capital expenditures for 2010 of approximately $200 million, of which approximately $35 million will be for buildings. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Fourth quarter 2010 outlook. Based upon current product booking trend, backlog levels and estimated tons levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be approximately $565 million to $585 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Backlog levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter went down slightly from backlog levels at the beginning of the third quarter and represent over 90% of our anticipated fourth quarter 2010 revenues. We expect that average selling prices for the fourth quarter will be approximately flat compared to the third quarter. We expect cash capital expenditures of approximately $55 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the fourth quarter, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 40% to 41%. For the fourth quarter of 2010, we also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $137 million to $141 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which totaled approximately $10 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $127 million to $131 million. Also included in operating expense guidance is approximately $6 million of SANYO-related transaction costs. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $18 million for the fourth quarter of 2010, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $12 million to $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, which approximately $4 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 445 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Donald Colvin: Sure. About those two questions, I think basically about 80% of the hit came from currencies. The issue is that we have cost in places like the Czech Republic, Malaysia, the Philippines where we don't have any revenue, so there's no revenue offset. And then the remaining 20% came from commodities. We saw an increase in price of copper and gold. We're heavy users of the both of these. So that gives you essentially the delta in the gross margin. And looking forward, there is still a little bit more to come because unfortunately, the dollar continued to depreciate against most currencies in the third quarter. But that is fully baked into our guidance, John.
Donald Colvin: I think the current plan is we called early in the first quarter. And we are confident that the basic level financial case that we presented in July remains intact. And that was to generate, from my memory, something like $30 million of operating income after six quarters. I would say that management is comfortable that, that remains a very valid hypothesis.
Donald Colvin: Well, two parts to the question as usual. As far as the date is concerned, I think the original contract anticipated five days I believe and the official date we announced was the earliest date. But those of you who follow public disclosures and things, you would have to be on a kamikaze mission to want to quote something at the end of the year if you close it at the beginning of next year simply because of the onerous reporting and auditing issues that you would embrace. So the seller was very cognizant of that and we agreed that it was better to do this. A natural break, which is our year end, just after our year end, their quarter end and the beginning of a new fiscal year for us. So I think it makes sense. Early in January is our target date. That's not liable to move from what we can see now. So I think it's for good reasons and makes it a lot more straightforward, the integration process. As far as the financing is concerned, it is clear that we have made progress. We listen to shareholders' feedback and that we worked with the seller. So I think it's fair to say now that at this period in time, we do not anticipate that we will have to issue any public debt or we will have to issue any stock. And at the consummation of the transaction, there will be a minimum amount of cash required as in the original transaction. So that's about all that we are able to reveal as of today. We are working on making these contractual amendments with the seller, and we should complete that over the next few weeks. But it is management's belief that the evolution of the financial conditions are favorable to the deal.
Donald Colvin: Well, as I've said many times, Chris, we only give guidance one quarter at a time for good reasons. I think it's fair to say that you could see that we don't see a huge amount of seasonality. Modest seasonality, it would be the normal pattern in the first quarter with the recovery stronger second and third, that's the pattern, and a flattish fourth quarter next year. That's the normal pattern. We have seen a little bit of pressure on the margins from the currency and commodity movements that we referred to, that's baked into our guidance. So basically, we see return, as you suggested, a modest seasonal first quarter, which historically because of exposure to the consumer and the wireless end markets has been a bit weaker, offset by what we still believe will be strength in industrial and automotive, as Keith mentioned, that business remains resilient. So that's all we see, and I have never seen any good reason to give more detail than that.
Donald Colvin: Well, we did say that we do not believe we need to use any stock for SANYO. So I will repeat that, and I think that's certainly a clarification to the initial deal. So that I think is a positive. As far as the gross margin from SANYO, we did state in the past that the business, on the margins, the business was running approximately breakeven. We have no reason to believe that's not the case. We did say that we intend to improve it, and we believe that, that is totally possible. As far as the gross margin, what we have stated in the past for us is we believe we were getting some very good products that potentially would be a gross margin close to the quarter average, maybe not quite as much, but close to it, not a major delta away from and again we still believe that's the case. So we remain excited about the opportunity of adding new customers and new products that are very complimentary to products we make in our factories.
Donald Colvin: Thank you for asking me that great question, Terence. I spelled that out because that's approximately $0.015 of cost related to SANYO that will not be there forever. We may have additional deal costs expensed in the first quarter, but you can see that it's not part of our ongoing P&L. And we had that similar penalty in the third quarter to the order of about $5 million. So we will have, with all certainty, some additional deal costs in the first quarter because we are planning to close the deal then. After that, it will go away forever. So this is a kind of exceptional cost, but the accounting rules changed previously, these were capitalized deal costs and amortized over time. Now they are expensed as incurred. So it does penalize the P&L when you're incurring substantial cost ahead of completing the deal.
Donald Colvin: I think that we're taking actions to slow down the dollar growth of inventory, that's what we're planning to do. So only a modest increase in inventories anywhere in the fourth quarter. And as we have a soft winding of manufacturing run rates in line with demand, so I wouldn't expect any big increase in inventories from the current levels on a dollar basis terms.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We do believe our equivalent market share by the content change will continue to boost us into next year at rates greater than the market will be for PCs overall. So again, I think it's very positive for us.
Keith Jackson: So I think I would describe the fourth quarter, our view, as seasonal. You're going to start seeing some softening in the consumer segments. We see continued strength in automotive, and the communications sectors and a bit of the industrial sector as well will continue to hold up. So really, it's a consumer softening as we head out of the fourth quarter. And I think color-wise, it's going to break along with what we've called traditionally season-wise.
Keith Jackson: So lead times did not improve noticeably at all in Q3. They remain extended, with very little change during the third quarter. As we get into the fourth quarter, we're starting to see some of the standard products easing a small amount. But again, I would not expect dramatic contractions in Q4 as well. So we continue to fill the pipeline up about as fast as we can fill it and things have stayed quite stable for the last three quarters.
Keith Jackson: I do believe we'll start making headway in Q1 just from enough capacity coming online. We're actually not seeing significant changes in the demand picture. So the extra capacity should start to see some shortening as we get into Q1, maybe not completely back to normal, but certainly lower than where we're running.
Keith Jackson: We think we're maintaining share, and it was really kind of flattish more than anything else, and we see that pattern kind of continuing through the end of the year and then in the beginning. Clearly, there is a difference between which part or which segment that you're in. Industrial is extremely wide for us. We include things like capital equipment purchases, as well as building-related expenses as well. So there's some shift quarter-to-quarter in that, but in general, remaining relatively robust. But I'd call it more flattish than significant growth.
Keith Jackson: So utilization rates should be still in the 90s, maybe more toward the middle 90s overall. They are coming down a bit. We are getting some more capacities in place as you've mentioned. But they might have no more impact than one or two points of utilization overall.
Keith Jackson: They've been generally muted, so not significant breaks at this stage. So I'd say the longer term agreements are fairly stable for next year, slightly down a few percent, which bodes generally very well. The spot market, of course, we'll have to wait to see how that unfolds next year.
Keith Jackson: I don't know that I've got anything significant. We did see a decline, as we mentioned there, in television-related purchases. I think they dropped and they're stable at this point, but we haven't seen big bounce backs.
Keith Jackson: Part of the difficulty to have giving you precise numbers there is knowing what those ramps will be. Generally, the platform change ramps are a little bit tough to call. What we can say is that on each successive generation that we've done through the last three years, we picked up market share on each of those platforms and that number has been somewhere around 10%, 10,000 basis points, if I get that right, or more on each one.
Keith Jackson: The channel is something we'd like to take up a bit, if possible. So as we get between Q4 and Q1, moving that up another week would be desirable.
Keith Jackson: We may have to come back with you on a dollar basis there. If the smartphone content does go up, it's significantly a more per phone, but then the total phones are less. So we probably have to calculate that and get back to you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, actually, it's proliferation of new platforms and the smartphones, as I mentioned, have better content. So to the extent that they outgrow the low-end and medium-end phones, we get a better pump for that.
Keith Jackson: We've got, as we mentioned there, some significant design wins in tablets. We're working with the plethora of new ones that are coming out. I expect that we'll have content in all of them to differing degrees. But frankly, there's one that overwhelms the others, and that content remains our focus.
Keith Jackson: So it's going to be a more similar to a netbook than a notebook. So you're talking something that's kind of sub-dollar for the tablets today.
Keith Jackson: We generally do what I call adaption of our core process, core controllers to handle the AMD design. So the answer is yes, there's a quick spend that comes shortly after.
Keith Jackson: We have a couple of wafer fabs that remained extremely constrained, 100% capacity with demand exceeding that. They are products traditionally for the automotive and industrial sectors, the two sectors that continue to have the best growth. And I expect to start seeing easing there as you get into next year. But right now, clearly, those two markets have been constrained.
