Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details of guidance for the fourth quarter, let me draw your attention to various moving parts in our guidance for the quarter. First, the fourth quarter of 2014 is unusually long, with 96 days as compared to 91 days in the third quarter. The longer quarter should result in higher operating expenses, but we are not expecting much revenue upside from the extra number of days due to the holidays in various parts of the world. Second, fourth quarter results will incorporate the full contribution from Aptina as compared to approximately 6 weeks in the third quarter. Third, we plan to reduce factory loadings in the fourth quarter. And last, our results include recent acquisitions of Aptina and Truesense, which add more than $600 million of annual revenue on a trailing basis. Therefore, the range of our guidance for a few items, in absolute terms, is wider as compared to the historic -- to their historic trends. Now for the fourth quarter 2014 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns level, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $835 million to $875 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2014 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the fourth quarter of 2014 will be down by approximately 1% to 2% as compared to the third quarter of 2014. We expect inventory at distributors to fall quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $60 million to $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 31.8% to 33.6% and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 33.4% to 35.5% -- 35.4%. The quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin for the fourth quarter is driven primarily by the decline in organic business and the inclusion of Aptina's results for the full quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $237 million to $249 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $32 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $205 million to $215 million. The increase in operating expenses in the fourth quarter over the third quarter is driven by the inclusion of Aptina for the full quarter and a longer fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million to $11 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $7 million to $10 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $11 million to $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2014 is expected to be approximately 442 million shares based on our -- the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Vanessa, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, if you look at what we announced at the time of the DA, we said that the gross margin was going to steadily improve and reach that by -- in about 1.5 years, and next year, it should reach, if I recall, 33% average. And we should deliver $0.08 of EPS.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, if you look at our segment reporting that we are publishing and we talked -- and I talked about in the prepared remarks, our revenue in the ISG group grew from $24 million to $104 million, of which the bigger -- biggest contribution is Aptina.
Bernard Gutmann: So the utilization, as we said, is in the high 80s. I would expect that it would tone down to the mid-80s during the fourth quarter. We're going to take advantage of certain of the holidays to also give preventive maintenance and also to do good inventory management. The in-sourcing of the CFA operation is not a significant component in terms of changing the overall total company utilization. It is just that we acquired this function or this manufacturing function from a third party and are going to run it ourselves.
Bernard Gutmann: So in general terms, I would expect the overall operating expenses to still remain in that 22% to 24% of revenue, about 23% being absolute dollars for next year. The synergies should be offsetting the -- any inflationary increases. They remain fairly flat.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, it is -- if you actually look at the Aptina number itself, it's about $72 million, a little bit less than $72 million. And indeed, it was also a seasonal pattern of -- in the August, September time frame.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. With Aptina, right now, the portion that we're in-sourcing is a very small fraction of the total manufacturing. Most of it will remain, at least in the short term, with the foundries and subcontractors.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. I think it's more. As Keith mentioned earlier, the achievement of the synergies on the CFA as well as the shift over time in margin more than an absolute revenue growth level. And I believe -- and we plan on addressing that in much more detail at the Analyst Day next February, with a more longer-term view of things.
Bernard Gutmann: We're right now in the way to specifically guide for Q1, but the synergies in general should be gradually coming throughout the year, with the completion towards the half or back half of the year.
Bernard Gutmann: And furthermore, the inventory levels at the [indiscernible] keep being quite lean, at the 9-week range, which, in prior cycles, they have typically crept up to higher levels.
Bernard Gutmann: So as we mentioned in prepared remarks, we are poised to generate a good amount of cash, in the $300 million to $400 million, in the near to midterm. We will continue using our approved board share repurchase program. We'll have some debt that will be -- have to be paid down on a mandatory basis, approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter, and that's pretty much it for the short term.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I think I'm going to interpret your question literally. We had 65% coming from our core investment areas, industrial, automotive and smartphones, which had higher margins, not legacy versus more advanced or higher margin. So it's really -- margins are really driven more by the sectors that we service than by the age of the product. So net-net, we've given you the percentages there for Q3. We anticipate that automotive and handset revenues will continue to outpace the rest of the revenues in the company.
Keith D. Jackson: Sure. It is relatively broad based. And the abnormal and normal, frankly, the slowdown was a little stronger than we normally see in September, and then the pickup is a little bit stronger than we normally see it in October. So I would say, in this case, the pickup is certainly stronger than we normally see.
Keith D. Jackson: We saw their comments. We think the market is extremely normal in seasonality and will be down in the very low single digits quarter-on-quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So integration happens on many fronts. From a manufacturing perspective, the in-sourcing that we discussed will really start to hit fully in first quarter of 2015. Our people systems will be live in January 1, and the financial systems are in a range of completion that will be totally behind us mid-next year.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, sure. So big factors there. We talked about the in-sourcing of manufacturing. The first stage of that actually kicks in early next year. But as we go through 2015, we will continue to in-source more and more of that product, which will give us kind of a quarterly improvement opportunity. Secondly, we do believe, from a growth perspective, we will be outpacing our automotive and industrial growth, where our highest margins are. So the mix will kick in. And then lastly, our new products, which they're coming out in very rapid fashion now, have much improved margins over the older counterparts that they're replacing. So manufacturing on the gross margin plus the markets we serve, plus new products.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Yes, just the inventories, certainly, we're sell-through, so I don't want to mislead anything on there. But their inventory, they tend to be very closely managed, particularly in Asia. And as the order pattern slowed in the September time frame, their orders on us also slowed. So we're staying in a very lean 9-week range. We'd like to see more like 11, and as a result, we're carrying a little bit more internally than we normally do. From an order pattern perspective, I think the -- again, they're strengthening in the resales is what we're hearing as we've gone through October.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So from a geographic perspective, we saw slight weakenings in Europe, but the other markets were in pretty good shape and continue to grow. On the more midterm range, where do we see automotive? I certainly see that this could become 1/3 of the business in the next couple of years.
Keith D. Jackson: So we normally enter quarters 80% to 85% covered and we normally take -- our bookings profile fills up fairly long based on the mix we have of industrial and automotive. So again, that's a very normal thing. I would expect that by the time we get to Q1, we'll also be in similar shape from a percentage coverage perspective.
Keith D. Jackson: Lead times were very slightly down during the quarter, they're almost flat. And yes, we've been installing additional capacity all during the year. So obviously, revenues have been going up. Lead times didn't collapse dramatically from a market perspective, as you can see from our results, so really it's just capacity keeping up, capacity investments keeping up with what we're doing market-wise.
Keith D. Jackson: So approximately 25% to 28% is outsourced in total. And with Aptina, even with the in-sourcing there, that number will not change appreciably.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, it's fairly broad based. I think, earlier from our comments, you can see that the handset market, we believe, is a little softer overall, the normal seasonality. But all of the other markets are behaving seasonal or better.
Keith D. Jackson: I think -- I don't think there's a change in cycle. Like I said, I think there's some reaction to a slowdown in the handset market that's temporary and everything else is pretty seasonal, from what we're seeing.
Keith D. Jackson: Again, most of the comments you'll hear from our competitors are because they're sell-in. Since we're sell-through, we see the end markets and we're just not seeing any corrections at all in the end markets.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. No, it's been really exciting and I've had the opportunity to personally get out and talk with some very big customers. They all see it as a plus. They see it as ON bringing some much-needed infrastructure and security of supply to a company that had some great technology but didn't have the critical mass that they like to see. So that combination has been really exciting and we're getting a lot of pull from the big customers out there.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. We're working together to basically accelerate introduction of products into the end market. And from our perspective, the internal manufacturing is not quite released yet, but we can get the wafer fab from a release source at our partners, and we're doing the packaging and working with our systems customers on in-solutions.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, the Haswell and Broadwell solutions have been ramping during Q3, so they're a bigger portion of the total. We think we have significant share gains there. And so I don't know what else you're looking for there, but we think the trends are favorable from a share perspective as we continue to go through the year.
Keith D. Jackson: It's really too early on that one. I mean, design-wise, things are exciting, but it's too early to get final decisions.
Keith D. Jackson: No. Yes, I think the overall business will grow. The main strategy is you focus on automotive and industrial, which we think will help drive margins, but then you can sell the products you develop into a broader marketplace. And so there is no reason not to sell them into the broader marketplace. Our intent was never to completely exit other markets. It's just really focus the investment where the growth and the margins are.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. In my earlier comments, we saw more slowing than expected in the handset market in Q3. But from a recovery perspective, it's pretty broad based.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So auto, in my prepared remarks, we went through quite a bit of details, but we have a very broad presence in automotive. We're seeing significant pickups from a revenue perspective in all of the lighting applications, the imaging applications and the safety applications at a faster pace than you would expect on the powertrain side. But generically, we're seeing good growth in every part of the automobile as they try and get more fuel efficiency as well as safety. Industrial, again, very broad market for us. We talked about lighting. We talked about controls in automation and, again, really good applications there. So I think the design win side of it is, it's just extremely broad because it's a big focus for the company. From a market trend perspective, I mentioned there's a little softening in Europe in the last quarter. We don't see signs that, that is turning into a malaise. I think the in-registrations there are actually fairly stable. And we see continued growth in both Asia and North America. So we've got a very positive outlook on that. And on the industrial side, we're seeing much more willingness by our industrial customers to upgrade their technologies, particularly incorporating some of the newer wireless standards and energy standards across our portfolio. So we see that as a positive trend as well. So having said that, I would say I would expect a little better performance in both of those markets next year than this.
Keith D. Jackson: Sure, and I have been through quite a few. I think what we're seeing really different pattern than in the past in the sense that we've had several years now of low GDP growth and so -- and that's reflected in low semiconductor growth, and, frankly, think that in the first half of the year, we got a little too exuberant in the handset market. And as a result, had great first half numbers and more normal performance in the third quarter, which people were expecting, again, more great performance. So I think it's more an expectation issue than anything else. Again, as I look across the broad markets, most of them are behaving seasonally. There was a little bit more of a correction on the handset side. I do see that as temporary. But I don't see a broad-based slowdown or the beginning of a down cycle in any of the numbers we're seeing.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, I think it has. I think it's been very positive. I think year-over-year, we're well up over 20% without acquisitions. And so we've been very pleased with our progress in that market.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I mean, that is one of the primary places for the handset market, so we did see more slowing than expected on the resales in September. But we again have seen a pickup in order patterns in October that give us encouragement that it was a pretty short-lived correction.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. On the white goods market, seasonally, it's down in Q3. We provide a lot of products to things like air conditioners, et cetera, and so it looks to be fairly seasonal, looks very similar to what we saw last year.
Betsy Van Hees: In regards to Aptina, when you guys had your conference call and you talked about the acquisition, you focused a lot on the industrial and automotive. And now that it's a part of the company, it seems like you guys are going to be focusing on the overall product line more into the computing area as well as the other more low gross margin. Is that how we should be looking at things, that the overall business is going to grow or...
Betsy Van Hees: Okay, great. And then, Bernard, you've typically given us the gross margin breakout for the System Solutions Group, Sanyo.
Betsy Van Hees: Okay. And then my last question is, in your prepared remarks and you guys talked about it, you said the slowdown you saw was broad based and then the pickup, again, has been broad based. Is there any specific market that came back a little bit sooner or weakened faster and came back sooner? I was wondering if you could kind of help us there understand what's happening in the industry.
