Thad Trent: Hey, Ross. It's Thad. I'll take that. In my prepared remarks I talked about, we've exited approximately $100 million over the last 2 quarters, 60% of it being in the third quarter. The average margin without business was roughly 15%. We plan on continue to exit our business over the next 2 years. As we've talked about, it will be -- I think about being fairly linear for the next 2 years as we continue to execute, and we shift that capacity in the higher-value products and higher-value capacity.
Thad Trent: Look, this is Thad again. We think the majority of it is structural. We've been making changes to our manufacturing operations, driving efficiencies there, it's the mix shift as well. There's definitely a pricing component of it, it's a favorable pricing market. As I stated, we've been passing on the cost increases that we've seen coming our way. We believe that we'll continue to get the gross margin expansion. Our target remains at 45% over time here and like I said, most of is structural in nature.
Thad Trent: Yeah, look, I can speak for Hassane. First, we track content based on design wins that we have had over the last few years that are starting to ramp, and have ramped beyond what we expected in the '21 time-frame, that's why we can't support the demand. From that point of view, I know exactly how much content has been going up for our customers using our products, so that ties and that gives me the confidence that it is a content growth story. Now as far as people talk about inventory being built out, look, I gauge that. We have a lot of data to gauge it, but to me, the main gauge is the escalations that we're getting. We're still getting an intense level of escalations from our customers in order to ensure that part's go into cars and cars go out of the lot. That is a pretty good gauge for where the economy is and where our content is going. I can tell you it's not being built up, it's going to cars because if we don't ship the cars don't ship. That's a one-to-one correlation that I can personally validate given all my conversations with my peers at our customers. So both of these tell me that we are still in supply constrained. There is not inventory. Are there pockets, maybe 1 or 2 weeks of inventory here and there? Yes. Because we sometimes will pre -ship, and the customers we know are not able to kit it. But that last for about one or two weeks until they get our next shipment. So all of these things are manageable. We have fully visibility on it and we track it internally and with our customers by giving confidence.
Thad Trent: Yeah. Hi, Vivek. What we've always said, 45% is a milestone, and that we would talk once we got there. We're not changing that target. The improvement that we've seen has been through operational efficiencies, favorable mix, and then clearly pricing. If you go back to the chart that I showed an Analyst Day, we provided the bridge. The next big piece of the improvement is really the manufacturing, the fab-lite or footprint, right? And that's the part we've always said that we take the longest and would be the hardest to get. And it's about exiting the fabs and consolidating into more efficient fabs ramping the no meter fab (ph). And that's the next leg that we've got to execute on. So I think what we've been able to pull forward on is favorable mix, operational efficiencies. And then clearly a good pricing environment has helped. But what I think is going to get us to that next level of 45, is the manufacturing piece. And then once we get there, we'll talk about what the end goal should be. But we've never stated 45 would be the end goal as much as it was a milestone that we'd be looking to achieve.
Thad Trent: Yeah, hi, this is Thad, so we talked about, our utilization came down slightly to 80%. We think that will return back into normal levels of low 80%. We think it had minimal impact on this quarter, primarily because we were able to allocate those resources and that capacity into other sites and recover from it. The sites are stabilizing now, they're not back up to full speed yet, but we think they will be there very quickly and that's why we think the utilization comes back up into normal run rate levels pretty quickly.
Thad Trent: Well, we're not going to give you guidance for Q1. We only guide 1 quarter at a time. But normal seasonality for Q1 is down 2% to 3%. Based on what we see today, we are going to perform better than that and we can see in terms of backlog and supply coming online, and we're probably looking at flat to what our Q4 number is going to be. But we're not going to provide more guidance than that.
Thad Trent: Yeah. I would add on the manufacturing side, we're still  the manufacturing sites. We got the 300-millimeter Fab (ph) coming online later. next year in 23 that we take ownership. But we've got to fill that out that gives us a better cost advantage as well. And you saw that we were building inventory on the Balance Sheet to support those Fab transition. So we've always said it's not about ending the Qs. Somebody is about the exit and the qualification process and the exit of time. So even though we haven't announced a divestiture of those tabs we're making progress in qualifying those products and other locations that are more efficient. And we're building the inventory for that transition. So the progress is underway.
Thad Trent: Yes. And I would just add in the Q4 guidance, there is $3 million to $4 million of GTAT revenue and that's with third-parties, with other customers that are outside of ON Semi. So you can think about that as being the run rate going forward. So it's not a material amount to the Company.
Hassane El Khoury: And then just to add to that, you talked about the headwind. We're able, of course with the demand environment, we're able to shift that capacity to demand in our strategic market with our strategic customers. And that's the mix shift that we are going through and we'll keep going through that for the next couple of years.
Hassane El Khoury: Yes, at the end of the day, customers pay for value. We have been reducing the price devalue discrepancy like we talked about. And the LTSAs provide longer-term visibility on both revenue and margin. And when we talk about long term, we're talking about an average of 3 years. That gives you the structural nature of it and the sustainability of it to move forward.
Hassane El Khoury: We're not breaking up -- breaking down the EV revenue today. I gave the outlook just to highlight the growth that we're seeing. But more importantly, to highlight the penetration of Silicon Carbide, getting to the run rate of $1 billion. We've always said over the next few years, we're going to see a co-existent IGBT and Silicon Carbide. But Silicon Carbide is starting to accelerate as customers see the efficiency of it, coupled with our technology on packaging. So that is going to accelerate our ramp in Silicon Carbide to get to that run rate above $1 billion by 2023, which is very meaningful from where we are today, and that revenue trajectory getting the building is basically doubling for us every year. I'll be providing more of that color as we start ramping. But at this point, that's the level going to be talking about. But I'm very comfortable with the EV ramp. It's a lot of people have been talking about EV ramps and content for a few years now. Now we have it. It's starting. Customers have they LTSA to guarantee for their supply. And we're going to be supporting their growth along with ours.
Hassane El Khoury: Yes, look, a lot of it -- most of it is self-help. We talked -- Thad talked about the increase in units sold, those unit increases are based on favorable margin mix so you're already starting to see that Mix shift. We've already talked about walking away from 100 million at 15%. I've always said even at this pricing environment, low margin is low margin, and we will actively walk away from that business and move it to the auto and industrial that for us are driving higher margin. All of these things are self-help and of course, sustainable. The other thing over the last year, the other thing that worked in our favor is the utilization. And that's sustainable as you mentioned as we wind down some of our fabs and we restructure and do the fab manufacturing optimization, that utilization is going to be and remain at that higher level even with that 10% to 15% reduction in the non-core business. All of these I would say are self-help. As far as the current pricing environment, there are two things that I will talk about in pricing. One is passing on the price increases to our customers, that's gross margin neutral to us, because we are passing on cost increases that we have incurred to our customers so that you can think of it as the margin neutral for us. The other one is the price devalue discrepancy, where we have products of high value that, historically, for whatever reason we're shipping below market. And those adjustments are sustainable because that's the value of the product that, many other customers buy. So all of these are structural and we just have to stay ahead of the manufacturing utilization as we wind down that 10%-15% remaining of the low margin business. And we're going to get there as we talked about in our Analyst Day. All of these are going to yield to a structurally sustainable financial model. And when we get there, we'll talk about how to go to the next level.
Hassane El Khoury: Yes. And absolutely right. Let me talk about the first one. The first one is a -- I would say, a very different engagement model for the design and capability. When you're talking about a product that is fit for purpose for a customer inverter, traction inverter. Every car is different, whether its performance or range, or heavy-duty, and so on. All of these variables are what our team and the customers team take into account in order to get a design in. And I highlight that to give you the visibility that it's not a dual source concept. It is a design and concept that leads to the design win, and that's why customers, once they have that problem solved on their side, the long-term supply agreement is the next natural step. Because if and when we give them a traction inverted that provide much better efficiency than any of our competitors, they will either co-invest or give us the LTSA or and give us the LTSA over the longest period of time, at least through the run rate of that product, and then . So that's the stickiness of the revenue that I talked about that I referred to. Stickiness from a design-win perspective. It's not something that is swappable. But also stickiness from the commitment of the customers are providing to us, which leads to the second level and the answer is yes, thing major model is different. It's not equal to everything. There are products where they're not strategic potentially for our customers. However, they are important. We're not going to lock up capacity with a long-term agreement. But when we talk about strategic components like silicon carbide, like IGBT, like the 48-volt rail, like the strategic theme that I've talked about that go along with our ADAS for cameras, or the image sensors. All of these are key products that enable differentiated technologies on our customer, where there's traction or vision with ADAS, those customers do want the stability and they do want to supply resiliency that we are able to provide to them through the long-term agreements. And that's the model that is -- we're moving to with a lot of customers. Again, it's not 100%, but it is strategic and surgical like I've always talked about when it comes to LTSA.
Hassane El Khoury: I think it is also sustainable. I don't think the pricing benefit that, we historically give our customers year-over-year is going to disappear. But definitely will be very muted for these new ramps. Given the capital intensity, that is required to ramp those products and get them up, they're not going to be under your traditional, hey, every year give me X percent or else. Those days are over for the strategic ones. So that's what gives me comfort in investing in the Capex in order to increase that -- to match that demand. We work with our customers on efficiencies that we are able to get or efficiencies they're able to get. Because look, if our products allow our customers to shave off $1 or $2 and metal because of heating. Given the efficiency of our products, it's still money. I don't have to give that savings, but if I enable it, that's still savings on an end unit price, which is the car. That's what makes our solution attractive is because the efficiency drives a lot more cost reduction outside of the semiconductor than in the semiconductor. And that's very attractive to our customers.
Hassane El Khoury: When we talk about LTSAs, we are focusing on the strategic intent. Let me talk about Silicon Carbide or EVs, IGBT and Silicon Carbide as an example. So to me, that demand and that ramp is happening. EVs are happening, EVs are driven by Companies and driven by customers themselves. So if the ramp is shifting one quarter or two quarters or whatever, you know what will work with customers, what they get, and what customers are getting is the supply assurance that when they do ramp, we will be able to support their ramp. Now, what gives me the confidence in the ramps that we are signing up for with our customers is, when a customer co-invests with you in order to support the ramp. That's a pretty high confidence and high credibility of the ramp because everybody is easy to say they're going to be the kings of the world when it comes to EV. But when a Company says and puts money down on it as a co-investment in order to get their ramp and their supply assurance. That tells me that they're going to be winners in that market because they are putting their money where their mouth is. And we will be doing the same through our capex intensity that Thad talked about. We're increasing in an order to support doors, ramps. So we get the long-term visibility, we get the sustainability of the revenue and the margin associated with it. We have confidence in investing our Capex to expand for that capacity and the customers get the confidence that they're going to get it when they are ready for ramp. And then the customer will ramp on time when the time comes given the timeline of the LTSA. So all of these give me that confidence. Again, I'm not going after LTSAs for all of our products. I'm very, very selective and being very strategic about what to get the LTSA in order not to have that issue that you talked about.
Hassane El Khoury: Look, we're not the ON Semiconductor that you're used to, we're the new ON Semi and our focus is on strategic products and sustainable financial model. Part of that business that we are walking away from, the 100 million at 50% margin that Thad was talking about, that's the behavior that you are describing. Where an up is good, and down you have to give a lot of pricing to maintain share. I don't care about that business, I only care about the proprietary business that adds value to the customer. When you have proprietary business, even silicon carbide as an example, those are sustainable from both pricing and the margin perspective. We are no longer chasing fab fillers in a downturn, which is what historically the Company has done. We are moving the mix that goes into our fabs to proprietary and high-value products. And those are not going to be fluctuating based on what the end market does. That's the new Company we are. That's the new Company we are delivering results against the  today. And that gives me the confidence of the sustainability of our model moving forward regardless of what the market does.
Hassane El Khoury: Yes. Let me just touch on the last one. We have taken customer capital through the form of investment or co-investments in our capacity expansion. So that model is new and we've opened it up to customers, and some customers are -- have taken us up on it. The model is changing. Let me put it this way. You talked about the $200 billion in revenue. Nobody wants to be in that because spot anymore. So there are customers that unfortunately are still in denial and that's okay -- not okay for them, that's okay for me. We're doubling down with customers who get it to do understand the importance of semiconductor, the importance of the power and sensing in the future of mobility. Those are the customers that have jumped on the opportunity to secure supply. Now, I'll mention one thing, there is a shift for customers to go with credible suppliers. Suppliers credible of suppliers of scale. That is very important. Because supply resilience is a hot button for all customers all the way in the OEM. My personal engagements with OEM are about supply resilience, not just supply assurance. And our ability to be able to have a product running in two geographically independent locations in a lot of cases, give that supply resilience to our customers, where it may not be COVID, but we always have disruption. We've had disruptions for the last 4 to 5 years. Having done supply resilience and proving it to the customer, supports their business continuity. Because they don't have to build inventory and hoard the inventory, they can depend on us. That matters in the selection process today. It's not only about the products, of course, you have to have products that are proprietary and high efficiency to win, but to get selected longer-term as a strategic supplier with the co-investment, we're talking about much more than that.
Hassane El Khoury: Yeah, now, look, you don't have to worry about that. Well, we talked about other, that doesn't equate it to non-core or declining or commodity either. When we put in other, for example, we have a lot of our industrial that is not necessarily power that goes into there, that's actually very accretive margin already. What you're seeing a lot of it is the benefit of that high margin in the other bucket, that is not getting diluted by that $100 million or 60% of it this quarter at the 15% margin. So there are highly proprietary products, even in the other. They just don't fall under Power and Sensing. And that's part of our -- describing our Company. I don't want to equate others to not important to the Company. That's why you see the growth being across the board, but the drag from the $100 million is -- most of it is in that other bucket.
Hassane El Khoury: Yes. So Harlan, you said it, right. That business is primarily explore, all of it is external manufacturing and that has been constrained throughout 2021, we're starting to see a little bit more capacity being directed to us because of the growth that we're seeing. And really because of the impact that it has on automotive. So we're getting secured -- more secured supply. And you're going to see that increasing through next year. Having said that, we do have an effort for new products, of course, to bring in-house. You're not going to see us do a very big shift of existing products, just moving them in. But we do have a healthy funnel of new product development. And we already have products taped out in East Fishkill imaging products. Our new imaging products are taped on and East Fishkill. So we're going to have fab -- I call it the Flex Fab Strategy for Imaging, where we'll maintain externally, but we're also going to double down on the internal in order to expand our supply over the next few years.
Hassane El Khoury: Look, yields are -- of course, I compare yields to production yields in every fab that we have for the specific technology and the yields are exactly where they need to be to run full production in the 300 millimeter environment. A lot of our power devices are already, or have been shipping for a few quarters now out of East Fishkill at production yields. I'm not concerned about the yield. Of course, when you move your technology that is very complex like, image sensing, you have to work on yield. But I will tell you today, we do have a yielding product that is, Imaging on our boards. So again, we're out of the research side of it. We're actually in the development and production side of it across a lot of our products and we'll keep doing that through 2022.
Hassane El Khoury: Look, I don't think it's the pandemic that accelerated it. I think there are a few things. One is the heightened focus on environmental responsibility that corporations have driven by corporations and boards, driven by investors, and driven by employees. All of these -- and really governmental mandates in a lot of cases, whether in the U.S. is statement dates or in Europe is, or in Asia, it's government mandates. All of these factors are driving an accelerated adoption and accelerated investment in launch of car models from ICs to EVs. That is happening. You hear a lot in the targets of by 2025, X percent of cars will be EV, by 2030 X percent of cars will be EV. Those are hard milestones defined either by the Company themselves for their own targets or by government, where you can't buy a new car unless it's EV by those times. That's what's accelerating it. Coming out of the pandemic and meeting the demand in automotive, there's lot more push on EV because of somebody is buying a car now, they would want a car to be in the EV otherwise, they don't want to change it in the next 5 to 10 years. That's a very positive impact on our push to EVs and what's sustaining our growth. A lot of the numbers I gave as far as the LTSA for Silicon Carbide or IGBT, or power inverters, just to highlight the everybody, all those are incremental to our baseline business today. That's pure growth net of course, that 10 to 15% we're going to be walking away from. But that's sustainable growth over a 5 to 10-year period of time. And that's what makes it exciting for us, we're in the right spot.
Hassane El Khoury: No, we've said starting next year the capital intensity will go up to roughly 12% for the next couple of years. And then after that, it will moderate down to about 9%. But we will be investing, we've got more investments to make in each fiscal and then obviously, to support the Silicon Carbide, we've got investments there to make and then with the GTAT acquisition as well. So 12% for the next couple of years.
Hassane El Khoury: Look, I mentioned earlier on the call. Most of our actions are structural because they're driven by a mix shift. We talked about walking away from the 100 million at 15 -- average of 15% gross margin. Those products order capacity just shifted to a much higher gross margin mix of products. So we replaced that a $100 million with a much more structurally favorable mix as far as the margin. For cost, I mentioned earlier, the price increases because the costs are neutral to the margin because we're passing it on to customers. We're passing it directly to customers and therefore that's sustainable as well. We're not going to see the benefit or it. Everything else that we talked about earlier from a market condition, we're walking away from that business. That 100 million is a dent in the 10% to 15%. It's about 1% to 2%. We talked about 10% to 15%. They are still the upside on the margin expansion just from the mix moving forward. I'm not worried about the sustainability of it. The benefit is sustainable and the benefit is driven by value of the products that we are shipping today. And we're shipping 3% more units in Q3 than we did before. Those 3% more units are unfavorable margin that's true demand and that is sustainable.
Hassane El Khoury: Today, small portion is coming from GTAT. We just closed the acquisition. I mentioned that we are already and we'll be shipping more revenue based on GTAT substrates in Q4. Moving forward, we're going to start seeing more of a mix going from outside substrates that we have historically done more into GTAT based substrate which will be internal. Obviously, it will be ON Semi substrate moving forward. As that mix shifts to our internal created or internal grown substrate, our margin will also benefit from that because of course, the cost structure of having an in-sourced, a vertically integrated substrate is better than externally source. We haven't seen the benefit of that margin. That will come as we transition more into GTAT substrates. And that's over that ramp that I talked about in my prepared remarks.
Hassane El Khoury: Yes. So the investment obviously is -- of course, they are investing on their side. But the investments I'm referring to is, they're investing on our side. Primarily, obviously for supply assurance and for late-stage development for products that will go for their applications. And that I talked about, that's what gives me the confidence in the sustainability and the stickiness of that revenue is the late-stage R&D that, customers are investing, and in order to get that product and the supply assurance that they will depend on us when they need to ramp. Both of these are what the investment is from their side. Of course, in parallel to that, well, they are building up their capacity to run their own vehicles. But that's not what I'm referring to.
Hassane El Khoury: Look, I think everybody is in blocking and tackling mode. As far as making sure they get just enough supply to keep the line running. I can't tell you how many lines are running at what their capacity, but a lot of the lines are now running at a 100%. But keeping the line running is more important than keeping it at a 100% versus shutting down the line. That's what the focus has been from our side and our customer's side. There's not enough to go around to give everybody a 100% but we work constructively with our customers to make sure that they get the minimum quantities across all of our products to maintain the running line and achieve their financial targets of unit sales. That's engagement we have directly with the OEMs. It's no longer between us and Tier-1, and then they deal with the OEM. It's either a two-party us and the OEM, where we understand what they need directly. Or it's a three-way meeting with the Tier-1 and OEM in order to make sure everybody triangulates and nobody is hiding anything in their pockets. It's full transparency, blocking and tackling. We all have one purpose in mind, which is keep the lines running, because that's when demand is real versus sitting somewhere in the supply chain. That's the level of engagement we have. And that gives me the comfort in the transparency of our engagement. And that's what we're basing a lot of our forward-looking comments on.
Hassane El Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I once again thank our worldwide team for their hard work in driving our transformation solid and sustainable results. We have established a strong foundation of revenue, LTSA, and funnel growth over the last few quarters to deliver a leadership position in the vehicle electrification ramps driven by our silicon carbide products, along with our broad offering of our semiconductor solutions to enable the rest of the vehicle. Along with our leadership in Automotive Safety, with our Sensing Products, we have become the supplier of choice for all marquee names worldwide. We're very excited about the opportunity in front of us, and we remain focus on execution to make sustained progress towards our target financial model. Thank you.
