Mark Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. For the first quarter of 2015, Fairchild reported sales of $356 million, up 6% sequentially and 3% from the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted gross margin was down 80 basis points to 31.6%, due primarily to higher inventory unit costs attributable to lower factory loadings in the prior quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses were $94 million, which were up 3% from the prior quarter but at the low end of our guidance range due to higher payroll related expenses, partially offset by ongoing cost controls and lower equity compensation. First quarter adjusted net income was $13 million and adjusted EPS was $0.11. The adjusted tax expense was $4 million for the quarter.  Now, I would like to review our first quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major business segments. We changed our reporting segments effective at the start of this year to better reflect the way we manage the business. The new analog power and signal solutions segment or APSS contains our mobile, power conversion, and motion tracking product lines. This business focuses on developing innovative analog solutions including power management sensor and signal path applications.  The switch and power solution segment or SPS contains our low, medium, and high voltage switch product lines, integrated power modules, as well as our automotive and cloud product lines. This business provides a wide range of highly efficient discrete and integrated power management solutions across a broad range of end markets. Finally, our standard products group or SPG includes a broad portfolio of standard, discrete, analog, logic, and optoelectronic products. We will provide five years of historic financial data for these new reporting segments on our investor relations website. Sales were up 2% from the prior quarter for our APSS business driven by higher power conversion demand, especially in lighting and battery charger applications. APSS’ adjusted gross margin was down slightly from the prior quarter to 38% due primarily to higher inventory unit costs attributable to lower factory loadings in the prior quarter. In our SPS business, sales were up 8% sequentially due to normal seasonality, continued strong growth in our automotive business, and market share gains for industrial and appliance applications. Adjusted gross margin was down nearly 2 points sequentially to 30% due primarily to higher inventory unit costs attributable to lower factory loadings in the prior quarter. Turning to our balance sheet, we held internal inventory dollars roughly flat to the prior quarter as we offset the inventory build to support our manufacturing consolidation with reductions in other areas. This coupled with higher sales caused a 6-day sequential decrease to 100 days of inventory. We expect to complete the bridge inventory build in Q2, then gradually deplete this inventory to exit the year at roughly 90 days of inventory level. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs increased to 41 days and payables decreased to 40 days, which is in line with normal seasonality. Free cash flow was a negative $29 million for the first quarter due to normal year-end cash compensation expenses paid in the first quarter and the increase in DSOs. We repurchased 2.3 million shares of our stock for $39 million in the first quarter and ended the quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $80 million. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $360 million to $380 million for the second quarter. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 33.5% to 34.5% due primarily to higher factory loadings in the prior quarter and improved product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $97 million to $99 million due primarily to the annual merit increase, higher variable compensation, and temporarily higher legal spending in connection with upcoming patent trials. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 12% plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now, I will turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark Frey: Sure. The biggest plus is the elimination of fixed expenses after we closed the plants in June and early July, and just think of that as about 200 basis points as we’ve guided in the past. In the short-term, it will get a little longer in the longer term. What we don’t know is how efficiently the new processes ramp up both externally and internally, so it’s harder to put a crystal ball on that, but we see this playing out pretty much the way we’ve been modeling and presenting to the investors up to this point.
Mark Frey: I don’t have a clean percent. The two currencies that have been harmful have been the euro and the yen, and we look at that as how much revenue is denominated in the currency relative to the cost. And euro, for example, only about 25% of our revenue in Europe net of expenses is actually exposed to currency. Then we have a very large cost base in Korean Won, and I don’t have that as a percent, but if you net the impact of the Euro and Yen to the Won and the Malaysian Ringgit, you get a slight favorable overall impact. 
Mark Frey: So Chris, it’s a little hard to answer that question. As I said, it’s sitting about 60:40 today. So, a 60:40 profile would give relatively muted seasonality given that the 60 is first half strength and the 40 is second half strength. I think somewhat confusing that this year is there are some significant program ramps in the second half in mobile, and so if all of the things being equal, we might expect in aggregate stronger first half and second half, but I think that’s likely to not be the case this year given the program ramps. 
Mark Frey: Not really. I think we took a look at the old segments and they didn’t quite kind of reflect the way we were managing the business. The new segments, whereas the old segments cluster relatively around customers, the new segments cluster relatively around technologies. So, the APSS is analog ICs in both mobile and power conversion, sensor applications etcetera where the SPS is MOSFETs and modules etcetera.
Mark Frey: So just on the biggest incremental cost we’ll peel off in Q3, there is another increment. I mean there is a lot of spend on decommissioning and so forth that will continue as a tail in Q4, but some of that will then peel off in Q4 and then we expect a very clean Q1. But we certainly expect it’s a little bit like [indiscernible] that gross margin in Q3 will be better than Q2, Mark size that in 200-ish basis points. We would expect Q4 to be better than Q3 and we’d expect Q1 of ‘16 to be better than Q4. And obviously as we get closer to it and know all the puts and takes on that, we will obviously quantify a better than that, and then basically mixed driving in 2016.
Mark Frey: Sure, John. Historically, our Q2 growth is in the mid-4% range. So we are really guiding somewhat consistent with that. And I don’t think the drivers of it individually are any different than the drivers that have historically generated kind of the mid-4%. I don’t think there is one overpowering driver that’s accounting for it.
Mark Frey: Well, we are trying to be cautious. We do have content that’s incorporated in it, but most of the real content impact is second half, it’s just beginning in Q2.
Mark Frey: So we will have our Board meeting on the third week of May and one of the prominently featured ones will be a refresh on our buyback amount and strategy. We remain committed to returning excess share to our shareholders and so we will renew and announce the new program at the May meeting. And so the $18 million will carry us to May at the current pace that we’ve been buying, so there will be no disruption and we will have that data once we make our final choices.
Mark Thompson: So, Ross, we were never expecting a huge replenishment of the channel. So, while it was at the low-end of expectation, it wasn’t out of bounds. And I think normally it’s a little bit hard, especially towards the end of Q1 to exactly match point-of-sale because things are slow for Chinese New Year and then there is a bit of a catch-up. So getting exactly matching fill for the point-of-sale, it’s always a little bit challenging. And so, that’s really the reason why it wound up at the low-end of ship into the channel versus low-end of our range, but not out of range. If you look at the assumptions for the second quarter, it would keep the channel roughly flat.
Mark Thompson: That would be in days. We had nine weeks as of the low-end of the range we want to run. So we seek to exit the quarter in the nine plus week range.
Mark Thompson: I would say it roughly followed our expectations, so nothing out of balance in terms of overwhelmingly negative or positive. Broad-based health in demand is the way I would characterize it.
Mark Thompson: So, what I will say is that across-the-board, there are content gains. Until they go into production, it’s always difficult a little bit to quantify them because normally there will be two suppliers for a share, and so the exact balances aren’t usually known until they go into production. But they range from kind of 50% to 75% increases in content for most of the handsets that we are looking at across-the-board if we get kind of expected middle-range share.
Mark Thompson: So, I guess it depends on how you define Greenfield. So, there is sort of two classes of server out there. There is the custom server for the big data center guys like Google and so forth, where we are definitely seeing share gains and they of course do their own designs and that’s where really primarily where we are concentrated on the custom server portion of it. We do some of the standard server for sure, but the biggest incremental focus areas are on the custom server side. 
Mark Thompson: One other thing I would add Craig to that is that we have seen the recent consolidation of two significant players, suppliers in the space, Infineon and IR, has created incremental opportunity because their combined share is more than some people prefer and so that’s freeing up some share that we are also accessing. So, it’s a mix of sort of pure design win and incremental share. 
Mark Thompson: Sure. It is always hard you know we are a little bit part of the industry. So, we can vary quite a bit from the aggregated industry and sometimes do. So, if I were to take a look, the 2015 is really playing out consistently with the way we try to articulate it last year, which is that we’ve had some spaces where we have had multiple year growth and for example industrial plant, industrial motors appliance automobile. And there have been some place that are in kind of workout mode, right and those have primarily been mobile where we’ve had the concentration - certain customer concentrations content that has worked against us.  So, we actually went backwards in 2014 versus 2013, while we changed some of our strategy ramped some new programs and site. So, a part that’s been a strong grower for some people in 2014 was a headwind for us in 2014. That has - we’re highly confident has been reversed and so a big chunk for us kind of 20% to 25% is back in a growth mode that we expect to be a multi-year growth mode. And so similarly in computing is we have basically - basically there is two chunks of our computing business, one is a specialty computer maker on the other side of the valley that we’ve long had good content in, but it’s a small portion of the market, but it’s very performance oriented and we like the business.  We basically abandoned the standard notebook kind of business and we’ve been ramping some applications in server, which we spoke about. So, as we stand here today, we expect respectable growth from every significant segment that we’re playing in, by and large due to what I call an acceptably healthy market and just some good programs and program execution that are coming together for us and that’s really the best I can describe as to the operating model that we’ve got running right now in 2015.
Mark Thompson: Certainly the biggest for us is on the mobile side in terms of concentrated dollars, but the server one, the server will move more slowly, but we have some significant design wins and power stages in server. We have some very attractive content gains that we expect in automotive as well. 
Mark Thompson: So, another [indiscernible] I guess is there is really two intersecting needs that we sort to be. The first is that the SEC requires that you report the way you actually manage, which is what we’ve done here. And the second one is, I think gives investors a better ability to look at the two classifications of our business to build better evaluation models for the company as they look ahead and this meets both of those requirements. 
Mark Thompson: Well, no, as I said yields ramp up rates, the fullness of our dual sourcing. So we don’t on day one have everything qualified to go everywhere. There will be another year or two to really work into the carry on efficiencies of the new supply chain. And I think the number one influence or once we are past that stage is the level of growth on its own and the mix up. So if we continue to grow our 50% gross margin applications faster than our 30% applications, then that would be a further tailwind which we expect to see.
Mark Thompson: So it’s really hard to call in a broad basis second-half at this juncture. But they’ve probably the best proxy we have for it is incoming order rate although we are only a few weeks in, so that’s largely mapping. It’s about half mapping into Q3, half mapping into Q2 but that is ahead of shipment rate right, so a book-to-bill above 1%. And so that would say that there is certainly decent confidence in demand at least into the third quarter, but there is really no visibility into what the fourth quarter would look like at this juncture, virtually nothing is booking into there and people’s forecast are, they typically don’t give forecast to go that far. So I just can’t offer much other than the incoming order rate. If you look at the utilization, the plants that are closing are running flat out right now and so – but the new BKA plant is not yet fully utilized because there is a lot of engineering work that’s still going on. And then our Portland, Maine facility is running at least average or slightly better than average utilization which would put it well into the 80s right. So that’s kind of the picture.
Mark Thompson: So in the segments that we operate in, we would expect to roughly grow with whatever the market happen to be and so which we think will allow us to, basically we think there is more financial model progress available in gross margin than in top line. And so what we do is basically seek to grow with the markets, then we can produce more selective about the business that we take consistent with our gross margin improvement model. And so if you aggregated the growth rates in the sort of big areas that we play in appliance, automotive, server and mobile plus industrial, then that would be a reasonable model to use. So some number in the mid-single digit kind of thing is where we think the sustainable model will land.
Mark Thompson: They are doing well. There is two players in particular in China that are getting a disproportionate share. The way we look at the market is, a third of it a big American company, a third of it is a big Korean company, and a third of it are a pair of leading Chinese players. And so we’ve – our strategy has been to have strong distinguished content in those three categories.
Mark Thompson: I think in aggregate seasonal growth is reasonable. The mobile market is always going to be a little choppy right. Some handsets do really well, some don’t do really well, there is inventory correction, there are shortages, but overall I think there is certainly lots of data out there on expected growth rates for the total handset of the big three categories that I gave and everything we see is roughly consistent with the prognosticators.
Mark Thompson: But, John, if I were to answer your question little bit of a different, I mean, I know you’re trying to parse specific program from seasonal, but it’s really almost impossible to do that because there is never a true base case that you could analyze. But if you look at some quarters you head into and you say you are more worried about demand, some quarters you head into you are more worried about supply, rarely is there a perfect equilibrium of the two. I’m more worried about supply in Q2 than demand.
Mark Thompson: So, let me give a very specific historical example of what has been sticky and mobile and what has not been sticky and mobile and then I will walk that over and look at our strategy that we got today. So we did an adapter control controller for a leading smartphone maker that has been the industry standard for going on five years now. And so that’s a case where it – while at one level, the adaptor can seem relatively mundane, in fact it’s really pretty important, kind of ignored part of the system. So that’s been as sticky as sticky it can be, it doesn’t get integrated away. We still have the best-in-class solution. Now that’s going to morph into fast charging and, of course, we seek to be the number one there and the industry standard as well. And so, if you can get a four, five-year life out of a design socket in mobile, then that’s – in my book, that’s sticky. So if you take a look at that is what we expect from adaptive charging. Adaptive charging is hard to do, it has lot – there is a lot of subtle aspects to make the designs work and work extremely robustly. And I expect the stickiness of our adaptive charging solution to be similar to our non-adaptive charging solution, which again is the industry standard. If I look at the opposite – the opposite side has been some of the interface products, which have been prone to integrate away. And so the retooling of our strategy has been to go after the more difficult system-level power management things with a certain twist, right. So, some of the pay applications, for example, that are coming out now require some very specific power management and it’s RF and it’s hard to do. So the stuff that we’re focusing on where we are trying to learn from our experiences of what is sticky, what isn’t sticky, what is prone to integration, what is not prone to integration, because again we don’t see ourselves as leaders in integration. We do some integration, but there is certain companies for example that have made it their strategy are very good at it, we don’t want to compete with that. So things that remain separate that are technically demanding that suite our skill set is where we are spending our dollars in mobile.
Mark Thompson: Yes, the power conversion is AC to DC. There is DC to DC, but that’s in the mobile part, but it’s still within the APS’ segment. Generally speaking ICs and sensors and ASICs, whereas the SPS has most of our MOSFETs, rectifiers, IGBTs, and of course a big module content which then gets into driver ICs and some controllers, et cetera. But by and large, that’s the way to think about it.
Mark Thompson: So, I think there is two focus categories for us in mobile. So, we are maintaining the interface solutions, but that’s not where we are investing our R&D dollars, so that’s still an important business, it remains. Especially, if you look at, for example, the big Korean guys have been very, very focused on integration, which has tended to be bad for some of the interface solutions. On the other hand, the China makers have actually not been focused on integration. So there is a sort of a different – you almost have to get specific to the architecture to figure out, which is – what things are more important than other things. But if you look at the functions where we are spending our R&D dollars, which is probably the best descriptor of strategy, it is in the full end-to-end – we call it wall-to-battery for a reason, right. It’s from the adapter all the way to the battery interface, but all the pieces how to work together in order to make that work. So everything between the plug and the wall and the battery itself is a focus area for us. The second thing are specific regulation solutions. I mentioned pay solutions, for example, which are distinct and separate. Those also have some distinct regulation requirements. Typically, they’re run straight off the battery and so have some very –. So those are the two classes of things that we are most heavily focused on in mobile and are more in a harvest mode on the interface solutions although they are still important.
Mark Thompson: We don’t have a lot of exposure to wireless charging. I am not a big believer in its long-term strategic importance and I think it will be fairly quickly turned into a commodity.
Mark Thompson: Yes. So what I would say is, every time a competitor goes away life gets a little bit better, right. It’s sort of a moving, it’s almost like a moving part analysis right. Each competitor has a distinct strategy, so if you have to keep track of five company strategies and all of a sudden you have to keep track of four, it’s just easier. And similarly there is inevitably share concentration in most of these. And so when the combination gives a share and a certain socket, that’s above typical threshold amounts then that gets rebid and we’ve seen that. So what I would say is so far our observation has been – consolidation is good for the general market.
Mark Thompson: Yeah. I mean it’s pretty consistent with the model we’ve got out on the web that we put out last September.
Mark Thompson: So I would say probably there will be modest growth in total unit volumes. I think that’s the general view and we haven’t seen anything that is different than that. But there were some really big share shifts last year and so the share shifts long-term we’ve been successful keeping up with share shifts, short term they are always a little bit disruptive. So given the big movement on one of the big players last year, we thought it was prudent just to assume that the total available handset would stay flat. And so there is probably a little bit upside based on the things we see today. I mean certainly the most recent announcement looks like it’s been very favorably reviewed and in fact people love the adaptive charging which we love. It’s featured in their apps right, so that’s a neat thing to see.
Mark Thompson: Great, well, thank you very much. That will conclude our call today. We appreciate your interest in Fairchild.
