Donald A. Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the second quarter of 2012 were approximately $744.8 million or approximately flat compared to the first quarter of 2012. If the legacy ON Semiconductor business recorded revenues on a sell-in basis, similar to many of our industry peers, revenues in the second quarter would've grown by approximately 6% compared to the first quarter. During the second quarter of 2012, the company reported GAAP net income of $6.9 million or $0.02 per fully diluted share. The second quarter 2012 GAAP net income includes net charges of $58.1 million from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release. GAAP gross margin in the second quarter was 34.7% and non-GAAP gross margin, 35.7%. Gross margin in the second quarter benefited from approximately $3.4 million of insurance proceeds received during the quarter. Second quarter 2012 non-GAAP net income was $65 million or $0.14 per share on a fully diluted basis. We exited the second quarter of 2012 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $756.4 million. During the quarter, we also reduced our total debt by approximately $119 million, which included the retirement of $96.2 million of 0 coupon convertible senior subordinated notes. At the end of the first quarter, total day sales outstanding were approximately 54 days, up approximately 2 days compared with the first quarter of 2012. ON Semiconductor's internal inventories were at approximately 123 days, up approximately $26 million. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $70 million of bridge inventory, approximately 13 days, primarily related to the consolidation of certain factories. Distribution inventories were up sequentially by approximately 1% on a dollar basis in the second quarter and were at approximately 10.5 weeks exiting the quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2012 were approximately $64 million. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, we gave guidance on what the savings should be and we gave the basis on the second quarter run rates. For the second quarter, we were $185 million, and we saved between $10 million and $15 million of savings. So if you take that $185 million and take off $13 million, you come to $172 million. So I think that's what the kind of run rate we're targeting in the fourth quarter for operating expenses, after we have implemented the cost reductions we are reviewing currently.
Donald A. Colvin: Well I think the -- our company see the stock being depressed because of the weak conditions in the market. And I mean covers [ph] has been suffering from that same malaise. We did mention business got a bit weaker in June. Going through July, it's kind of stabilizing a bit now. Hopefully, we will be surprised by the end of the year. So it gives us support to the stock. And if we're in an environment of lower revenue growth, buying back the stock is a way to get EPS acceleration with a lower revenue growth basis. So this is something that we are going to embrace. We have planned this over a 3-year period. As you heard on the call, we're reducing our capital expenditures and our OpEx. So we will continue to generate good cash. We will pay down our debt. And in addition to that, we should be able to buy back a significant amount of our shares to give earnings accretion.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, it is completely getting the inventory back down. We grew inventory and our run rates in the factories anticipating more normal seasonality. Now it has become evident that, that will not be the case. We're slowing the factories down to start to get at that inventory quickly.
Keith D. Jackson: So in the June quarter, front-ends were kind of running approximately 80% and back-ends in the 90s. I would expect that number in the September quarter will come down anywhere from 5% to 10% on both parameters.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. On -- from Q3, you can see we're guiding relatively flattish, so there's not a significant movement in any one market. We do expect the consumer [indiscernible] to be up a bit, probably stronger than some of the others as there will be some holiday season builds going on, perhaps some uplift on the computing side for the same reason. But most of the markets will be relatively similar to Q2.
Keith D. Jackson: It certainly will not take more than 2 quarters. It really depends on the September demand and sell-through. But at this stage, we're hoping to react early to minimize impact in future quarters.
Keith D. Jackson: So many of those actions actually have been taken. It will take it a while or just the cycle time to kind of get through the last-time buy for each product on a product-by-product basis. So I expect you will continue to see some positive results from the culling through the next 3 quarters.
Keith D. Jackson: I expect pricing pressures will be very similar to Q2 for the next couple of quarters. Lead times are short in the industry. There certainly is no big push to exceed the capacity in the industry. So simply put, there's still going to be some pressure there, and it should remain similarly competitive with Q2.
Keith D. Jackson: So we don't give more than 1 quarter at a time. What I can tell you is that normally, Q4 looks very similar to Q3. It would be a normal pattern for us. There are some ups and downs as we kind of guess at the market in Q4. There may be some new models of products out for Christmas sales that can stimulate a little bit of demand, but there's also the normal seasonal factors that impact it. So in general, we don't have any reason to believe our past trends will be dramatically different. Going forward, obviously, we do expect, as we mentioned earlier, the automotive content to continue to grow. Each model year, we see a few more opportunities. So with similar kinds of automotive sales, we should be seeing some growth into the first quarter on the automotive and electronic side.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Let's see here. Which should be more specific data? In Q2 versus Q1, down was communications for us. Definitely saw some of the impact in the handsets from squeeze on chipset availability that showed up there. That was a surprise to us. Computing was up; automotive, relatively flat; consumer, flat; industrial, down very slightly. Again, none of those, were surprises. Medical, up a bit. And the mil, aero and networking again relatively flat. So really the only big surprise was on the communications side for us.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I mean we've talked about some of the major events in the past, the flood being the most significant. The key there is we're now back in full manufacturing from a product perspective. But a lot of those customers are hurting and losing market share on a global basis. So a good number of those were customers in Japan. And for various reasons, including the strong yen, they have been losing share to others. So the climbing back has not been as fast as we might have anticipated. Having said that, there are new generations of products that are being designed in that consumer market space. We are seeing our design wins show that we'll be getting share back as those new products kick in. So I do think we'll get recovery, just not as quickly as we thought.
Keith D. Jackson: I think we -- I'm not sure we've got our eyes on 36% or 38% at this stage. I think we can get up toward that 30% range as we get into next year with revenues that are not significantly higher than we're at. To get the 36%, 38%, you are going to require a lot more revenue.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we do believe that. We've looked at it pretty carefully. In other words, we're not counting on big revenue increases to make life better. We have all of these that we're talking about in OpEx, we described earlier, but also we still are closing our Aizu factory on the COGS side. And we have various other measures in place from a factory sizing perspective. So we do believe these are the right types of actions to be taken in the likely economy over the next year.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. We've been gaining share in the Ivy Bridge platforms. And so as those ramp as a percentage of the total of books made here in Q3 and onward, we're expecting to get nice increases in our dollar content. But we're also are very well-positioned for the Haswell platform. We've got a series of CPU power control parts already in the marketplace that are being very favorably received. So we think our momentum on the notebook side continues to gain steam. On the desktop side, we're well north of 50% market share now. And again, we are confident that, that will continue here for the next generations.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, it's been kind of mid-20s or so. And we think in the Ivy Bridge platform, it'll get into the mid-30s or so.
Keith D. Jackson: The bulk of that is the SANYO product line. And so from that perspective, there's clear share lost. We did the culling. And then due to the Thailand flood, there were certainly some market share loss on the SANYO side. If you look at them, they were up at the almost $300 million range in Q3 of last year and they're just over $200 million here in the second quarter. So $100 million of that, $60 million or so was that -- the balance of the $60 million, we believe is mostly specific market-related, inventory change-related, et cetera.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The activity Donald mentioned earlier, we saw significant slowing in new order patterns as we got into June, which was not expected. That continued into July, but it looks like it has now stabilized and is starting to pick up a bit.
Keith D. Jackson: There was really only 1% channel inventory growth in total on a dollar basis. And from a weeks basis, there was no movement at all. So in essence, the sell-through accommodated all of the increased shipments into distribution. A little bit of a mix shift there, if you will. From a regional basis, to give you an idea of the inventories, they're strongest in North America and Europe, leanest in Asia. And as we get into the third quarter, clearly, no one wants to build inventory in the channel. So I'm not expecting -- again, we're not expecting increases there.
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly from a need for new capital, we have run, as you've mentioned, $160 million hotter than we're running right now. And even at that, we had more powder. So the capacity piece of our capital plan will be down very substantially. There are always hot new technologies in certain areas that need to grow, so there will be some capital for capacity. Most of it will be, again, focused on the new technologies that are ramping quickly. Other than that, as far as total demand, we mentioned Aizu will be closing. That takes out a significant operating piece of our front-ends. We think that, that will put us in a position we need to be. And on the assembly test side, we will be continuing to look at what makes sense there as we go through time.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, I mean, we believe we've got again a more efficient architecture and performance levels for the ultrabooks. We're looking at higher frequency solutions. And in essence, power density is extremely important in the ultrabooks. So the combination that we can provide to give them very dense efficient power, we think can provide similar kinds of opportunities for us in ultrabooks.
Keith D. Jackson: There's a -- from an actual market perspective -- it depends on how you define things. From an application perspective, certainly, we are seeing significant demand in the LED lighting across all of our marketplaces. We're seeing significant demand building. And we think next year we'll be coming out for power modules to enable efficient appliances and industrial motors, et cetera, as a second area that's going to be a nice conversion opportunity.
Keith D. Jackson: I think we're a bit below and kind of in 2 areas. We mentioned what was going on in the distribution. They are again continuing to get leaner, and they're telling us that the part of the impetus, particularly in Asia is that their customers are getting leaner as well. And so everybody's just being very, very cautious. So whether it's OEM or disti, we actually think there's a leaning out going on across the entire supply chain.
Keith D. Jackson: I think that's true. I mean the other evidence I would give you is we're getting a lot of orders for immediate delivery, much more so than normal. So we're seeing a lot of folks that have indeed continued to push on being very lean and then they get in a jam and have to order stuff quickly.
Keith D. Jackson: No, not really. There are roughly -- if you look at their business, roughly 60% of it is influenced by Japan customers and 40% is outside customers, predominantly Asia. We think the growth path in those non-Japan -- the Japan customers is actually quite strong. I mentioned earlier some of those power modules earlier, we talked about the auto focus and image stabilization in the handsets, and there's several other products that we believe actually have very good growth potential outside of Japan. So I would expect that by the end of '13 or going into '14, the ratios would be quite flipped with a lot of growth opportunities coming outside of the Japan-based customers.
Keith D. Jackson: We haven't factored any in. We've not seen any big movement. Clearly, the pressure from metals appreciation, et cetera, is way down. So there's not a lot of cost on the raw material side going up, which lessens the pressure on us. The question is how much of that can we recapture, and obviously, we're out trying to work on that.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay, sure. So there's 2 major sections on the cost cutting. We did just announce on the OpEx side very significant moves to trim the spending there, get them closer to where we think the run rates on the sales are going to go. And then on the operational side. The operational side, closing the factories, et cetera, is largely accomplished. We've closed the factories we've planned on closing. What happens is you have a period of several quarters while you bleed off the buffer inventories. And so you really don't see those changes until they're gone. In the case of these factories in Japan, we built more buffer inventory than we normally would, that will last a little longer. But -- so you won't be seeing any immediate changes, but you should see gradual changes. The other piece of the factor to get up in the 30s is the remaining factory that we've been consolidating into needs to start ramping. And they're running at roughly 60% utilization right now, and they really can't get up into that 80% plus range where you need for the margins until that buffer inventory is gone. So it is a process. It'll get better bit by bit until we can get the buffer inventory out, which should be 2 to 3 quarters, and then we can start getting the utilization up on the remaining factory to get the efficiency in gross margins.
Keith D. Jackson: We need to be -- I guess what I'll say right now is we need to be kind of in the $230 million a quarter range of revenues to get that above breakeven. With the current cost structures, with the efficiencies we talked about in manufacturing, you should start seeing something positive very quickly at that stage.
