Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in for the Fairchild Semiconductor Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Cannacord Genuity Global Growth Conference on August 15 in Boston, the Morgan Stanley Corporate Access Day in Boston on August 21, and the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York on September 2. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our second quarter financial results and discuss the current status of third quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. A replay of this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. This website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Dan Janson: Thanks, Mark. We'll now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and let's take the first question.
Dan Janson: Yes. We expect CapEx to be around $90 million, significantly lower than last year's $152 million. So the major capacity investments in Maine and in Bhushan are behind us. We expect to be able to continue capital investment in around these ranges, the low end of our 6% to 8% of revenue guide. And obviously, that gives us a tailwind from a cash flow generation standpoint. In terms of gross margin, we have had some favorable lead in mix as we've exited some of the lower-margin aspects of computing. And at least coming off of last year where we had significantly lower production and shipments, we're moving back to a production level that's closer to what we're actually shipping and that's moved gross margins up to about 30% for this quarter, and we expect another couple of points or so for next quarter. So at these revenue levels, that would be implied by the midpoint of our guidance, we see the gross margin in the 32% to 33% range going forward. Obviously, as we move that higher, then the gross margin would begin to get into the mid-30s.
Dan Janson: Okay. Kevin, we typically talk about down 1 to 2 as normal, so it's still in normal range. The pressure was, as you would expect, mostly from mobile and PCs.
Dan Janson: Great. Well, thank you. With that, then that will conclude the call. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. We grew sales again in the second quarter while improving adjusted gross margin 2 percentage points. R&D and SG&A spending was at the low end of our guidance range and we're now working to reduce overhead cost in the second half. Let's review some of the details, starting with the income statement. For the second quarter of 2013, Fairchild reported sales of $357 million, up 4% sequentially and 1% lower than the second quarter of 2012. Sales were at the low end of our guidance range due to a well-documented demand reduction at a couple of our large mobile customers and incremental weakness in the notebook PC market. Adjusted gross margin was 30%, up 2 points from the prior quarter due to higher factory loadings and better mix, primarily in our high-voltage products, which was partially offset by higher asset impairment charges. We expect utilization and mix to drive further improvements in gross margin again in the third quarter. R&D and SG&A expenses came in at the low end of guidance at $98.2 million. The increase from the prior quarter was due primarily to the annual merit raise and higher variable compensation accruals. Second quarter adjusted net income was $2 million and adjusted EPS was $0.01. Adjusted tax expense was $4.7 million, primarily due to a noncash revaluation of our tax assets in Korea, which was caused by the weakening of the won. Now I'd like to review our second quarter sales and gross margin performance for our 2 major product groups. Sales were up 8% from the prior quarter for our PCIA business, driven by continued broad-based strength in most high-voltage end markets. PCIA gross margin was up more than 3 points from the prior quarter at 29% due to higher factory loadings and better high-voltage product mix. In our MCCC business, sales were down 3% sequentially, driven primarily by weaker-than-expected mobile sales and incrementally lower notebook PC demand. Gross margin improved to 36%, due primarily to better product mix as we continue to reduce exposure to the low-margin notebook PC end market. Turning to our balance sheet. We increased internal inventory by $12 million or 5% sequentially, while inventory days remained flat at 85. About half of the increase was related to raw materials required to begin production in our new 8-inch fab in Korea. We have one of the leanest supply chains in the industry while maintaining our ability to support ongoing sales growth. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs, decreased to 39 days, while payables were flat at 40 days. Free cash flow was $30 million in the second quarter, which was driven by favorable changes in working capital and continued lower capital spending. We now expect to spend no more than $90 million in capital for 2013, down from our previous target of $100 million and substantially lower than the $152 million spent last year. We ended the second quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $147 million. Turning now to forward guidance. We expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $370 million for the third quarter. Our current scheduled backlog is nearly sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 31.5% to 33%, due primarily to improved factory utilization and better product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $97 million to $99 million. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15%, plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce third quarter results. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Frey: Well, we're still below the midpoint that I see in peer groups. So we are up about a half a week from where we ended last quarter. But as we examined it, it was parts that were pulled by key distributors to get ahead of key programs like PlayStation, some mid-voltage wins that we've gotten, et cetera. So we're not concerned with what they did. And obviously, we'll track that sell-through in Q4, but we're not planning on major inventory corrections going forward.
Mark S. Frey: We've also lowered our lead times a couple of weeks across the board, and about 60% of our business is through distribution, and so they'll tend to order based on lead times as opposed to large OEMs who will always order for their 26 demand -- 26-week demand window. And so going forward, we're really now adopting to what the new patterns will be that we see from distribution.
Mark S. Frey: So we're holding our bill rates at roughly equivalent to the second quarter. And you're right, some of the favorability in the September quarter is the timing of the improvement in our variances that occurred in the second quarter. We are expecting that mix is modestly going to offset pricing in Q3, so there's a small tailwind based on the combination of mix and price. And then of course, we've targeted a number of cost reductions in the sites as well.
Mark S. Frey: Well, yes. As we said it was slightly more that average. I don't think it was enough more than average that I could point to a particular market or trend in doing that. But yes, our customers are always expecting price reductions and they always expect that to contribute to their own margin profile going forward.
Mark S. Frey: No, with the exception of our power conversion solution in the mobile space. Our inventories in PCIA were actually down at that.
Mark S. Frey: I didn't see anything. We don't focus on this. But I didn't see any pricing dynamics that were different than normal. And I certainly wouldn't expect that category to have any kind of robust pricing. And in our guidance is flat to slightly up for that business.
Mark S. Frey: No. We had a modest accrual in Q2; we actually had a modest accrual in Q1 as well. And our plan was since our EBIT would be backloaded in the year, that we would increase those accruals in Q3 and Q4. That is still the plan that is still baked into our guidance. But obviously, it's been shaved down a bit from our early expectations.
Mark S. Thompson: So, Ross, a couple of things. So we do see steady opportunities and progress on share gains on a couple of key fronts. Those are, however, as is always the case, can be easily offset for a couple of quarters by big inventory moves. And the other aspect is that we have significantly haircut our OEM customer estimates for the second half of this year in our outlook. So we're really trying to factor in the last couple of quarters where the estimates that have been provided have been much lower than reality. And so we're using a variety of methods, including some very good analyst notes that are out there, to use volumes that are quite a bit below the official estimates. And that's what's reflected in our numbers.
Mark S. Thompson: So Ross, there were no -- while the dollar amounts changed at the start of the year, those were due not to increased program or headcount. Those were due to sort of natural flows of things like variable comp and merit increases. So we've actually been pretty tight in terms of headcount and programs this year. Clearly, we need -- we want to do something that's pretty significant. We deliberately haven't quantified it because we neither want to over, nor underestimate the magnitude of what we'll choose to do. And obviously, we have to look very closely at potential customer impact. And the other thing is, is that we'd like to get a few -- at least another quarter under our belt to try to see where big mobile is going to stabilize in terms of real demand.
Mark S. Thompson: I'm sorry, the one other thing that I would add to that is that the conversion -- the filling of BK8 and the opportunities to take -- to remove production from less cost-effective locations will take place over multiple quarters and will be muted in the second half of this year. It's just begun right now, but will take effect more in the first 2 quarters of next year based on our current outlook.
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, so I guess what I'd say is, first, I can't -- I think it is inappropriate for me to speculate about any other companies. But what I would say is that the backlog reductions we saw were identical in size to the volume reductions that were pretty well reported in the case of one very large non-American OEM. And so based on that, I don't believe that there's any meaningful share shift, either positive or negative, associated with that, and that it appeared almost entirely to be related to volume -- basically, volume reductions in the previous generation of phones, which we're not selling the way that they expected.
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, it's absolutely a result of strategic moves. What happens in a multi-sourced stuff like is we have pricing floors, and when the purchase goes beneath the pricing floors, we don't even bid. And so, that's really -- what happened is, as often the case, is where there's oversupply in a segment and it's in decline, such as PC, pricing just turns very, very ugly very fast and that's really what's gating the decline of that business. As I said, I think, on its current trajectory, I think by the end of 2013, we won't have any. So we don't have to talk about it anymore.
Mark S. Thompson: Okay. So as regards to China, China is still relatively small for us, relative to what I'll call big mobile. And so we haven't -- we don't have enough data to really haircut the numbers and frankly, they're small enough that it's kind of in the round-off era [ph] , anyway, in terms of doing that. We are concentrating on 1 or 2 that we expect to be the winners there. And we have decent content and a lot of design activity at those. But they're still heavily using solutions that are very similar to what's in the West. So the R&D expense associated with that is not that high, but that's one where we're still, I think, really developing a good model for.
Mark S. Thompson: So the name -- big name brands from the West make up roughly 2/3 of our total revenue in mobile, and everything else makes up the rest. The margin profile for that business is substantially higher. We've -- I don't think we've ever put the absolute number out there, but it's substantially higher than the corporate average.
Mark S. Thompson: So right now, we're around 20% of our PCIA revenue is in modules. And so -- and that number has been steadily increasing, although we certainly never expect it to go 100%. But it is the place. It's such an attractive design solution that it is -- it does continue to take collective share -- both ours and others, from the discrete implementations. We don't -- we have not seen any evidence that suggests that the stimulus created much upside, nor that the cancellation of the stimulus has created much downside. So the way it was structured was different than the last one; it didn't really encourage people to buy. The last one encouraged people to buy. This one didn't encourage people to buy. It encouraged them to build -- manufacturers to build a more efficient version. But there's a number of other things in place that are driving that transformation, anyway. So we think that the change is -- will be muted to 0.
Mark S. Thompson: No. That's not our expectation. If you look collectively at the elements of that, we think everything will be up with the exception of the air conditioning market, which is basically a Northern Hemisphere market. So as you head into winter, the volumes typically go down. Everything else will be up enough that it will offset that. So we expect it to be flat to up, and that's reflected in our estimates.
Mark S. Thompson: So, I mean, normally, we can only control channel inventory to a couple of million dollars, plus or minus, because there's always pulls that happen at the end of the quarter that we don't control, nor do we have perfect visibility to. So if you look at the magnitude of the increase, it was slightly beyond what I would regard as normal noise, and our revenue estimates include fixing that piece that's above normal noise in what more we put out there. So we are very committed to not creating a channel inventory problem that we'll have to deal with. But this one was very minor and sort of in the normal process of things.
Mark S. Thompson: So we're not -- we're still trying to figure the third quarter out. So we're not going to try to quantify the fourth quarter. But there was a big chunk of mobile backlog that disappeared in the last period of Q2 and that's fully reflected in the numbers that we put out there. So if you try to quantify that, it's in the $30 million to $50 million range for the second half, and that's, as I've said, has been reflected in the numbers already.
Mark S. Thompson: So I guess it somewhat depends on where you draw your boundaries between low, mid and high. But what I would say is that we have little to no content in the low end. And if you look at it, the content then tends to rise as you go up. So for example, if you look at a lot of the work that we do on charge management, from adapter through charger IC and battery control, that becomes important as batteries get big. So it really correlates with how heavily the phone is used and data rates and so forth. So what we see is 0 at the low end and dollars of content at the high end.
Mark S. Thompson: So again, the easiest one is the bottom end, which is 0 to a first order approximation. At the high end, you could use a number of $1 to $2 for addressable content. And depending on how it's been de-contented, it could be -- it's the same or somewhat less in the low-end phones -- or mid-range phones, I'm sorry.
Mark S. Thompson: So I don't see any evidence that it's caused by lead time extensions, for among other reasons because our lead times are not extending. Others may be, but that wouldn't -- that'd be a second order effect at most. I think what we're really seeing is that we're getting a broader and broader footprint in the kinds of industrial solutions that we do, right? So we originally were essentially a pure air conditioning play, which is a highly seasonal market -- air conditioning in the Northern Hemisphere I'll say, which is a highly seasonal market, of course. Nobody upgrades their air conditioner in the winter. And so on the other hand, what we've done is we've broadened that heavily into industrial pumps. There's a steady, growing business in solar inverters. Automotive electrification has become a significant part of our business. In fact, today, our largest module customer is in fact an automotive Tier 1. So if you look at that, that is really why much -- not all of the seasonality had not disappeared from the business, but it's been heavily mitigated.
Mark S. Thompson: So the -- had the backlog that was present at the beginning of the quarter stayed and we shipped to it, which was the expectation at the beginning of the second quarter, we would have been at or above the top end of our revenue range. We have reflected what I would regard as realistic conservatism in the second half of the year. So it's consistent with the more cautious views that are out there on what volumes are likely to be for the 2 top makers of phones. And so if those turn out to be low, then there's upside opportunity. If the market continues to decline, then obviously -- or not decline, but the increases modulate, then obviously, it's the other way. But we really try to be consistent with -- we've created a scorecard on some of the predictors over the last couple of quarters. And as I commented earlier, there's been a couple of industry analyses from the analyst community that have been much closer to right than the OEMs' estimates. So we've used those for our revenue forecast and our revenue guidance. However, we are staging a bit more inventory than we would normally do to make sure that we can meet the actual estimates that the OEMs are. So those are the 2 boundary conditions that we're trying to take on here. Make sure that we can meet the high end if it comes to pass. So that's present as inventory dollars, however, it's not reflected in our revenue estimates.
Mark S. Thompson: So I guess one of the ways to look at the current actuals is that almost everything is growing a little bit, and that's a pattern that we expect to continue across the year. So if you take your glass half full view, that's not a bad life to live. The difference is that we had one segment, which was smart phones, that had the prospects to grow much faster than everything else, and that's what's been mitigated. But the balance of everything else, we are actually reasonably satisfied with the opportunities that exist for us. As I commented, there's a lot of content themes in Automotives and very broad deployment in industrial, in communications, base stations and so forth. So there's a lot of places where there is a steady couple of points a quarter growth opportunity. But as I said, it's slow and steady, as opposed to big incremental movements.
Mark S. Thompson: Well, the 2 big ones that are farthest along are advanced sensor solution and our very high-power silicon carbide solutions. And we expect those to start to become commercial realities at the end of this year or early next, and begin to become a commercial implementation. So it's very interesting. We've deliberately not talked about them very much because -- while we talk to customers about them a lot, we think we have some pretty significant competitive advantage in those places and want to wait until they actually turn into business before we try to quantify them. In terms of the sort of integration of power, it is not -- we think that the PMX world is pretty well covered. That would be our view. There's a couple of players who are very strong there. And it's also a place where some of the handset makers are growing their own, particularly offshore. There's some pretty aggressive movement to in-source PMX and I suspect some of the other -- at least one of the other big players is looking at that and may move in that direction as well just based on hiring activity and so forth. So we think the more interesting stuff is in more specialized kinds of things, such as charger ICs, for example. When you're talking about multiple voltage in current inputs and different levels of charging, depending on the state of the charge of the battery, some of those get pretty sophisticated and are much -- there are many fewer people who are positioned to do those. So the kinds of integration plays that we're looking at are the ones where we think we already bring some unique insight into either the architecture or have some compelling blocks to go after. But we aren't looking to do anything where's 2 or 3 well-established incumbents, to try to be a 4. That's a losing strategy as far as I am concerned. And so that's really the role that we're playing in smartphones as we go-forward.
Mark S. Thompson: I wouldn't call it a trend at this point. I think it's a single data point. Obviously, we're paying attention to it, but we're not -- we're neither assuming that it will moderate nor do we see any evidence that it will increase. So it's a space that we watch like anything else.
Mark S. Thompson: There's always a build that takes place when a product is launched. So there's a bit of a bulge that occurs. And then people find out exactly how popular this thing is and then it moves to some kind of steady-state. So what we see is, what I'll call the build bulge, and then no different than what was going on, for example in high-end mobile. The difference, of course, is that there isn't -- they aren't depending on selling a lot of the old version, which often takes place in phones, for example. There's a lot of inventory out there in the carriers for the previous generation. That's where interest has heavily dried up. But in the place of gaming, this is the first build and we'll see where it goes from there.
Mark S. Thompson: No. We wouldn't expect to see a lot of impact in the second half of the year, but we would expect to start to see some impact in the first half of next.
Mark S. Thompson: So we've been -- at the start of the year, we finished conversion of building to POS rather than backlog. So that's really what we've been doing is when we're out of the equilibrium, we work for the distributor to fix this equilibrium. But we aren't -- we haven't seen any pull back, for example, and point-of-sale has been steady. So while there are cautionary comments and we are watching this space very carefully, we actually haven't -- it's actually held up very well. But we have -- I think we have a good system in place that we've used on both sides of this to make sure that our total inventory between internal and the channel is appropriate to the true end demand.
Mark S. Thompson: So nothing new to report. The place, the sensor market for us, as I commented earlier, is commercial reality late this year or early next, and we'll provide some more quantitative update on that, but it is heavily relevant to wearables, as well as to handsets and other kinds of implementation.
Mark S. Thompson: We think it will be very important. If you look at the role of sensing in any mobile device, it's huge. And if you look at the -- particularly, the power consumption -- the existing implementations are so high, you can't really believe -- they're basically just turned on periodically to update. So we think there's $0.50 to $1 of available content for an ultra-low power implementation in kind of every mobile device -- portable device, whether it's a tablet or a phone or a wearable or what have you. So depending on the rate of penetration, obviously, it could be a very big deal.
Mark S. Thompson: It's driven purely by EBIT. And so as revenue would go down, EBIT would go down and the accrual would go down, but not disappear. At this point, we -- what would be reflected in the numbers is retaining some of it, but not reversing all of it. But obviously, if for example mobile is weaker than we think, it could wind up with a reversal of [indiscernible] with the usual negative spike in OpEx spend for the period that it occurred in. Not our current outlook, though.
