Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So we see it in Europe. Obviously, there's a big concentration of -- I highlighted the Tier 1s, the big concentration of Tier 1s in Europe. But I think it's driven by end demand, coupled with -- we've always said there may be pockets of inventory that were being flat through normal demand. But having demand kind of start to soften because of the high interest rates is causing the inventory burn to last longer. So we have always said the LTSAs provide us a phone call. It sets us up very nicely to see it coming. So therefore, we're taking a very proactive measure on setting ourselves up to be able to allow customers to burn while we maintain our inventory levels, add their shelves, the disti and on our balance sheet as well. 
Hassane El-Khoury: No, no change on the secular trend for EVs. EVs are going to grow. They're going to grow for us in the fourth quarter as well. It's just not going to grow in the fourth quarter at the rate that we expected. And of course, we're all looking at the same headlines as far as EVs are concerned. I think EVs are a long-term growth opportunity, even with the backdrop of a lot of the headlines that we're seeing. Customer designs have not slowed down, conversions to EV platforms have not slowed down. I take this as a temporary -- while a lot of the macro stuff gets worked out, whether it's the interest rates, which you called it, the expenses associated with purchasing EVs to the cost -- to the energy cost. All of that is just -- taken -- having an impact, but we do not change our long-term view of the opportunity we have in EV. And like I said, we're still going to grow in Q4, just not at the rate. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Silicon carbide is -- what we are looking at is silicon carbide in '24, basically growing about 2x the market. So it's still on track to the target that we've put out in Analyst Day of growing 2x the market, that we still have that visibility in '24.  On the silicon side, we see flat, slightly down. Again, depending on what you believe, the market. We are not planning nor are we looking at a first half of '24 recovery. As I said on the last quarter, we see '24 as kind of going sideways with growth in silicon carbide for us. As far as the exit, by the end of this year, whatever we didn't exit is going to stay with us as a business. So we are not going to see us talking about this, the exits on the legacy business any longer in 2024. I put that all into the silicon outlook that I put out there. 
Hassane El-Khoury: No. So I would say majority of the weakness in Q4 is the silicon carbide, obviously. But the rest of the business is kind of exactly where we expected it at the end of the year. As far as the outlook in the silicon carbide market in general or the EV market in general, it really has not changed our outlook. Our investments that we have been putting and even the investments we announced in Bucheon are not investments for '23 or '24. Those are long-term investments. And that adds to the confidence we have in that market being a megatrend market for us, and that's what we're investing in to gain that leadership in that market as it evolves. So no change in the outlook and the strategy. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I mean at a high level, it's end demand, if you think about it, and end demand is driven by -- you can call it two things. One is the financial, which is the higher interest rates that have been with us, and now they're taking a toll on end demand. But also, in all honesty, the uncertainty, the macro uncertainty that as consumers, people are starting to feel. Between these two, we look at it and we look at the inventory levels across the board. We look at inventory levels internally that we have. And we've -- you've always seen us operating with a very proactive approach. So our decisions and our outlook is driven by that cautious outlook on what we can control, which is our execution. That talks about taking our utilization down because we don't want to bridge it by keep building inventory. You've seen us take down a lot more on the channel, which sets us up very nicely should that turn the other way. So all of these are proactive decisions that we have taken in the short term but set us up much better in the long run. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I think from an automotive, I would say it's a broader stroke as far as the inventory comment I made specifically with Tier 1s in Europe. As far as the EV, yes, it is a single customer. I wouldn't say it is broad as far as in this immediate quarter. But we still expect it to grow in Q4. So it is not a -- I don't want to paint it as any decline or any issue in demand for EVs. EV demand is going to grow. It's going to grow in the fourth quarter, and it's going to grow in 2024. It just didn't grow as much as we expected it to. And that's demand-driven. Whether it's short-term demand or anything different, we'll have to wait until we get closer to '24. 
Hassane El-Khoury: It's more -- yes, it's seeing sell-through in the mix that we are expecting. So we have -- look, there's no one KPI. Thad and I look at about 30 pages of KPIs that try to triangulate the health of the business and the sell-through because what we don't want is shipping into the distribution because we -- there's demand or there's backlog, but the sell-through happens at a different mix. So you end up with what we call sludge in the channel.  We've been managing this very, very tightly. We have a very robust process that gets us and has maintained very tight control over the distribution inventory. And like Thad said, last quarter, in Q3, we actually reduced the dollars and the weeks, putting ourselves up very nicely for a Q4 mix shift or even getting ready for 2024. So all of these KPIs are what lead us to making these decisions. So we're going to look at our metrics and make the decision as we see it. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. So it is all -- I guess all of our '24 by now. For the '24, we have visibility on exactly what program, what voltage, what volume and what mix we need. As far as the inventory, Thad talks about ramping strategic inventory for silicon carbide, we stage inventory primarily in, I would say, in two spots. One is blank wafers or substrate, wafer substrate, which is fully fungible across any customer, any platform with any volume. And as we get closer, we stage inventory at Epi, which is when we, I guess, partitioned with the voltage levels of the product.  So this is where we maintain inventory to give us full flexibility should the shift change. Because we've always said, when we would have one or two platforms at a customer, if one vehicle sells better than the other, the customer would want to shift while still using onsemi. So we give that flexibility to be able to shift on between platforms at a similar OEM or between OEMs. So the best place to keep that inventory is blank wafers and/or Epi. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So strategic inventory for fab transition usually are committed backlog. We call it no change, no return. So we build the bridge inventory given that the customer needs that bridge between the old fab and the new fab. So we see this as a very low risk and will work itself down over a few quarters as we shut down the old fab. And before we start on the new fab, we will bleed inventory to a level, and then we'll ramp it back up into other fabs. So we don't see this as inventory jeopardy, which -- which allows us to be a little bit more comfortable with the elevated levels of inventory.  But one thing also Thad mentioned is the base inventory, actually, we drove that down, which is the one that you're more referring to would be at risk of demand. That's the one we've been managing down. That's the one we'll keep managing down with the lower utilization that Thad talked about. 
Hassane El-Khoury: No, none of the outlook or the cautionary outlook that we've had has anything related to pricing. Our pricing is stable. It's locked into the LTSAs. The conversations we have had with customers regarding outlook, regarding inventory, regarding LTSA has all been around demand. Therefore, it's just following. So we feel pretty good about our price position. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. The outlook is not -- has nothing to do with returning to turns business. We have full visibility about where the Q4 revenue is going to come in, including full backlog coverage. What we are talking about is getting the call ahead, which is the power of the LTSAs we keep talking about, where customers look at what their consumption is going to be and the consumption is lower than what they had expected. And of course, we're not here to push inventory to make the problem worse to our customers, so we negotiate a win-win with every single one of them.  So the outlook is purely demand. We know exactly what the mix is going to be. There is no turns business, even in the current quarter. And that, I would say, that comment is across all markets. 
Hassane El-Khoury: As far as industrial demand, you're right, I called out the renewable energy or energy storage. Those are all mega trends. The companies you referred to are more impacted by the residential, which obviously, is expected given the interest rates, given the consumer spending sentiment that I referred to earlier. The business we are targeting is the energy storage. A lot of it is larger-scale energy storage, which drives a lot more content. And it's not typically impacted by the residential specifically. That business has remained strong, and we expect that business to remain strong on a forward-looking basis. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. My comment was more, I don't see a recovery, a market recovery. So it was more of a macro commentary. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, it's hard to -- for a lot of the general content in automotive, it's hard to figure out if it's EV or not. But I can tell you, it's not silicon carbide. It's not IGBT. It's not the EV-specific constraint. It's more of a general -- I would call it, general purpose automotive demand that can go in either car. But given the volume for EV, it's more driven by the internal combustion demand because that's where the volume is skewed to. 
Hassane El-Khoury: So what we've -- so we're on track to what we've always said. We're finished qualifying and the conversion started. I talked about in my prepared remarks. For 200-millimeter, we feel very comfortable and actually more confident today than we were even 90 days ago on the 200-millimeter, given the performance that we've had in the silicon carbide business, ramping all the way from substrates, all the way through devices. The fabs are ready, Epi is ready, and furnaces started conversion. So our plan has always been qualify '24 and ramp revenue in '25. So you're not going to really see a mix shift in '24, that would be more of a '25, '24 is when we transition manufacturing to the 200-millimeter. 
Hassane El-Khoury: So obviously, I'm not going to comment on specific customer details, specifically on programs. But I will comment on the LTSAs. So the LTSAs are legally binding. Therefore, for us to agree or even acknowledge that push out or even the demand in general outside of silicon carbide in Q4, there has to have been, which there is, a win-win for us and the customer. We've always said, if anything, the LTSAs get us a phone call. We get the phone call way ahead of time in certain areas when the customer knows that it's coming. And we're able to manage with the customer for a win-win, whether that win-win is a quarter later or a year later or a longer term that depends on case by case. So we manage it with the customer because what we don't want is, of course, enforce the LTSA at the expense of just shipping inventory if demand is lower. So we take it very cautiously. We have -- it has to be a win for us, but also a win for the customer, and that's what keeps the strategic customers engaging. 
Hassane El-Khoury: We're not commenting on that. What I have commented is, obviously, if you take the growth rate that I described in 2024, and you can compare it to where we were before. So no change in our outlook. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the -- I guess, I would say the one comment that I believe you got wrong is Q4 in silicon carbide is not down. Q4 silicon carbide is growth from Q3. It is just not at the level that we expected. That's what drove the mix. So it is not silicon carbide going backwards.  With that correction and the ramps that we're starting -- we have in Q3 and will continue to ramp in Q4, plus the breadth of customers that I described, those are going to drive sequential growth through 2024. So silicon carbide is not down quarter -- will not be down quarter-on-quarter. Q3, Q4, it will be up, and it will continue to be up in subsequent quarters through Q4. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So for industrial, obviously, we see the same as a lot of our broad-based peers, so weakness in industrial. However, within industrial, I called out the two areas that we have seen and will continue to see strength. That's the renewable energy that we talked about earlier with energy storage and so on. And the medical, both driven by very specific trends on the energy storage. Obviously, it is the renewable deployment. Not just not the residential scale, but more commercial scale that's driving a lot of the strength. And on the medical, it is a very specific trend of accessibility of the continuous glucose and the hearing aid, which is now almost over-the-counter that's driving a lot of that demand for us. And given that we have a leadership position here, we're seeing that strength.  So outside of these two, we do see the softness across industrial. 2024, I commented, we don't expect 2024 to see a very big change in recovery. So you can call it -- we'll call it when we get closer to it. But I don't have signs that will change the -- my view of the trend and outlook. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call. As always, we aim to deliver consistency and transparency in our results, and we thank you for your support along the way. The executive staff and I are incredibly proud of our team's continued performance, dedication to our customers and commitment to delivering shareholder value. Our employees all over the world are solving complex technology and business problems for customers. Congratulations to the team, and thank you all. 
Thad Trent: Vivek, it's Thad. As you know, we guide one quarter at a time. I think given the macro uncertainty, we're not going to try and forecast 2024 at this point. We feel really good about our pipeline, our design pipeline and our LTSAs at this point. But I think it's too early to provide guidance on '24. 
Thad Trent: Yes. So right now, we're looking at taking our utilization down to that -- over the next several quarters down into that mid- to high-60% range. And as I said, we still expect to be able to hold that 40% -- that mid-40% gross margin floor there. This is really a result of all the structural changes that we've made inside the company, reducing that manufacturing footprint and really now focused on Fab Right, where we're getting optimized cost out of our existing footprint. But look, we're being cautious for the next several quarters, we'll take that utilization down. But we do believe we can hold that floor of mid-40. 
Thad Trent: Just to be clear. On the silicon carbide, the expectation of being over $800 million, the impact there is one customer. It’s the recent demand softness at one customer. 
Thad Trent: Yes. I would add that we've been managing that inventory in the 7- to 8-week range for several quarters now. I think we're going to stay in that range just given the uncertainty until we see the strong sell-through. But we're cautiously optimistic on that as we think about it. But I think for the foreseeable future, you're going to see us in that 7- to 8-week, you're not going to see us bouncing back up to historical levels the company ran at several years ago. 
Thad Trent: Yes. And just to be clear, the fab transitions, the inventory for the fab transitions is primarily for the divested fabs that we've divested over the last year. So it takes 3-plus years to fully transition out of a fab. And in that situation, you build inventory and you bleed it off over time. But as Hassane said, we've got good visibility on that in a lot of cases, it's in C&R with those customers over a longer period of time. But it takes time. What we focus on is that base inventory, and we feel good that we're driving that down as that's down to about 102 days right now. 
Thad Trent: Yes. So we exited in $46 million in Q3, it was below our expectations. And coming back to your pricing question, we're just not seeing pricing decline enough that customers are exiting that business. We are looking -- as we look into Q4, we think there's about another $125 million that we would exit. That brings the year up to somewhere around $275 million, below what we originally forecasted.  Just as a point of reference, the businesses now that we're talking about exiting are at about a 45% gross margin. So it's not a bad business, assuming the pricing does hold up. The fact is, customers -- this is all customer-driven, customers aren't leaving as fast as we expected. I believe that at the end of this year, whatever is left, we're going to say is good business, and we're going to continue to manage if customers don't leave through the softness. 
Thad Trent: Yes. I'll take the first part of your question on the cancellations. Look, we saw cancellations peak late last year. I would say at this point, as we look at the quarterly trends, it's pretty flat line at this point. So we're not seeing a lot of current quarter cancellations or even push outs within the forecast horizon here.  On the LTSAs, when a customer comes in and has a challenge as a onset, we're talking about a win-win with them. And in some cases, we are allowing some push outs as long as there's a win-win for both companies in that situation, we don't want to overship natural demand.  But in terms of cancellations, we're not seeing a spike. Like I said, we saw that peak late last year. 
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, it's Thad. We're cautiously looking at the first half of next year. We think it's going to be soft, but we do think there is sequential down in Q1, based on what we can see today. We'll look at the rest of the year as we go further. But we're being very cautious in the first half. 
Thad Trent: Yes, that's a good question. So the utilization for silicon carbide in Q3 was up, where silicon was down, and that pulled the total up. As we look forward, we don't see the silicon carbide utilization decreasing. We will be bringing on additional capacity next year to support '25 and beyond. But I don't expect that utilization to decline. I think it's the silicon that will actually decline, that gets us down into that 65% to -- mid-60% to high-60% range. 
Thad Trent: Well, so we're going to hit the corporate average in Q4, as I said. As you go into next year, I think it's going to be at or above, depending on kind of what the market does. And that's going to be dependent on overall utilization. But we'll definitely be at parity and potentially higher in 2024. 
Thad Trent: Yes. So what you'll see in our filing is that we've got $5.7 billion of LTSA commitment over the next 12 months. So hopefully, that gets you in the ballpark there. 
Thad Trent: Yes. So the number I gave you is the 12 months -- from this point forward, 12 months. Now your question is a broader question about LTSAs in general. So the LTSAs go out 3 to 5 years on average, sometimes much longer. It just depends on the customer situation. I think last quarter, we talked about customers coming back, extending LTSAs or expanding LTSAs. So it just -- as these things come up for renewal, customers are coming in and engaging. I would say the customers are looking over the long term versus the short term when it comes to the negotiation and the extension of LTSAs. 
Thad Trent: Yes. Chris, in my prepared remarks, I noted that because of our strong performance in silicon carbide being ahead of our internal plans and our confidence in moving into 200-millimeter that we're actually taking our capital intensity in 2024 down. We had expected the high-teens for 2024. I'm now saying it's low-teens, and it's quickly closing in on that long-term target. So we will continue to make investments, but not at the rate that we needed to just because of the performance across the entire manufacturing chain is ahead of schedule and exceeding our expectations.
