Donald A. Colvin: Thanks, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the first quarter of 2012 were approximately $744.4 million, a decrease of approximately 3% from the fourth quarter of 2011. During the first quarter of 2012, the company reported GAAP net income of $28.2 million or $0.06 per fully diluted share. The first quarter 2012 GAAP net income included net charges of $29.3 million or $0.06 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release.  GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter was 32.9%. First quarter 2012 non-GAAP net income was $57.5 million or $0.12 per share on a fully diluted basis.  We exited the first quarter of 2012 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $892.3 million. Subsequent to the quarter end, we redeemed our $96 million 0 coupon convertible notes at par.  At the end of the first quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 52 days, down approximately 2 days compared with the fourth quarter of 2011. ON Semiconductor's internal inventories were approximately flat on a dollar basis and, on a days basis, were approximately 116 days. Included in our total inventory is approximately $69 million of bridge inventory or approximately 13 days, primarily related to the consolidation of certain factories.  Distribution inventories were down sequentially approximately 14% on a dollar basis in the first quarter and were approximately 11 weeks exiting the quarter. On a dollar basis, distribution inventories exited the quarter at the lowest level since the third quarter of 2010.  Cash capital expenditures during the first quarter were approximately $50 million.  Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald A. Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Second quarter 2012 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $745 million to $785 million in the second quarter of 2012. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2012 represent approximately 80% to 85% of the anticipated revenues.  ON Semiconductor records revenues on a sell-through basis within the distribution network. If we recorded revenues on a sell-in basis within the distribution channel, as some of our industry peers do, revenues would be expected to increase approximately 9% sequentially from the historical ON Semiconductor business, excluding SANYO Semiconductor Product Group, in the second quarter.  We anticipate that average selling prices for the second quarter of 2012 will be down approximately 1% to 2% compared to the first quarter.  We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $60 million in the second quarter of 2012. For the second quarter of 2012, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 34% to 35%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $240 million to $250 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to total approximately $55 million to $65 million.  We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $180 million to $190 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $16 million for the second quarter of 2012, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million to $5 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $6 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $8 million to $10 million in the second quarter of 2012, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 465 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K.  In the second quarter, we expect to fully recover our planned production capacity that was lost as a result of the flood in Thailand, thanks to the tremendous efforts of our employees. Our planned production capacity recovery contemplates that approximately $20 million to $30 million a quarter in revenue will not be recovered due to the low or negative return on our investment for these specific parts.  We are expecting SANYO -- are expecting revenues for the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group to remain relatively flat in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. While the production capacity to service our SANYO Semiconductor Products Group's customers is now available, the demand environment for these customers is weak. In particular, demand from customers in the consumer end market in Asia for this product group is expected to remain weak through the second quarter, but we would expect improvement in the third quarter of this year.  In order to align the cost structure of the SANYO Semiconductor Products Group to its current revenue levels, we plan to implement a cost reduction plan that will reduce the employment levels within this group by up to 500 people. We expect that this will result in a charge to the company of approximately $40 million to $50 million in the second quarter and excludes cash amounts related to pension benefits. Annual savings from this plan are expected to be approximately $40 million to $45 million.  The SANYO Semiconductor Products Group was impacted by 2 significant natural disasters in 2011, the earthquake in Japan and the flood in Thailand. These events have been disruptive to this product. We remain optimistic that the actions we are taking to align the cost structure of this product group to its current level of business will position it for future success and profitability.  With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Donald A. Colvin: Sure. I think we did better in the first quarter. We took some actions to reduce cost in the factories, and they were successful in helping the gross margin. We also had a slightly better mix of higher margin products from internal revenue. And also, we sourced more from internal manufacturing than we did from outside and we got rid of some pretty bad margin products as well. So all that certainly helped, particularly in the ON side of the business. On the SANYO side, the margin came roughly as anticipated. We've always said that we believe the business, the ON business, is naturally in the low 40s gross margin and we head in that direction. We believe that the SANYO business would be in the mid-30s at optimum rates. I think it's fair to say that we are wee bit behind that currently because the revenue -- the top line hasn't been supporting it. In the near term, we are anticipating, with our cost reduction actions and with improved revenue in the second half of the year, that we should be heading towards the 30% gross margin this year and, hopefully, above that in the second half of next year to get to our overall corporate gross margin objective of approximately 40%, John.
Donald A. Colvin: The headcount reduction is less than 10% of the total headcount, but obviously, we're focusing it on areas where we believe we have excess requirements because the revenue has not -- has come down over the last few years. I think it's fair to say that most of these savings are going to come from OpEx, John, and we -- this is in addition to the actions we had already programmed, where we were rationalizing factories in Japan and the closure of these factories, older technology factories, is on schedule to be completed by July of this year.
Donald A. Colvin: I think -- I mean, auto was a very good help for us even in Q1. And so I mean, I think our revenue and margin did well. As I said, auto mix helped, but, I mean, going forward to the second half, it's going to be much more computing and consumer, and address that specifically. But we have felt the pain of the Chinese consumer in our business and the indications are that that's going to come back in the second half.
Donald A. Colvin: Sure. It should kick in, in the fourth quarter. We have -- still continue to take tough measures on OpEx. We had fortification in the first quarter. The bonus accruals are under historical levels. And so on the anticipation of additional improvements in the second half, then we should restore some of these exceptional savings, but we will have the fixed cost reduction due to the headcount plan we outlined. I think it's also fair to say that the pruning we have of products has put us in a pretty good margin profile and particularly, the core ON business is performing well from a margin standpoint. For the SANYO business, we are taking the actions to improve its margin. And the big factor that will help us there will be improvement in the top line with the return of consumer business, which, again, is predicted for the second half.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, hey, we never said we're going to make $0.20. That was on a run-rate basis, I think, the $0.20, Tristan.
Donald A. Colvin: Like $0.05 a quarter. But I think, clearly, we've had to revise the expectations there in light of the current condition. But we still remain optimistic that this will be accretive, maybe a bit less than the $0.05 that we had previously anticipated. Remember, we had kind of structured our model around something like a $0.05 contribution on a $240 million to $250 million top line. Right now, we're not seeing $240 million to $250 million, but were seeing something in between that and the current levels of business. And that certainly should be able to generate a low single-digit accretion in the fourth quarter. So I think, as I'd mentioned at the end of one of Keith's comments, our margin profile for ON is in great shape. For SANYO, it's in reasonable shape with the lots of cost reductions planned to get our cost structure in line. And we do see encouraging signs, some good traction on products that will ramp in the second half of the year, but it's fair to say it will not be to the levels that we had previously anticipated. We'll have to wait until next year before we see that. But we still should see positive earnings accretion in the exit, last quarter of this year.
Donald A. Colvin: I think the pruning is basically behind us. We're not actively -- we've pruned what we have pruned and we paid the price for it on the top line, but it's really helped our margin tremendously. So I think that's gone. So it's very much the usual factors. Our revenue will increase particularly, as we, said on a sell-in basis. And we will have a higher activity in our factories. And that will be offset by a little bit more expense as we move from tighter -- tight cost control to a more normal production environment. But both these factors, the higher revenue, and the higher capacity utilization will help improve our gross margins in the second quarter.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, the insurance was actually all accounted for in the fourth quarter of last year and all the proceeds were essentially used to compensate us for loss of assets, equipment and inventories. So none of it flowed through the business continuity part of the P&L, but we had mentioned it because we allocated that $50 million to purchase the equipment that we have installed to recover the production capacity and capability that was lost as a result of the earthquake. So, so far, unlike some of our competitors, we have not received any business continuity insurance payments. So none of any insurance money has fallen through the P&L.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I think the SANYO business has obviously suffered, as we mentioned, from some exceptional events, earthquakes, tsunamis and floods. And I mean, it's really -- the biggest factory. The back-end factory was in Thailand and we just mentioned it was destroyed. So there have been so many moving parts there. It's very difficult to do a would have, could have done.
Donald A. Colvin: No. I think it's probably down about 25% from what we would call a kind of adjusted cruising altitude. And I was doing some year-over-year comparisons and the outlook for the second quarter of this year compared to the second quarter last year. I chose from many of our competitors that didn't have floods and tsunamis, and they were down like 15 points year-over-year. So I think, certainly, 25% is in the range. And it's certainly being clouded by these events and also the slowdown in the Asian consumer, particularly in China. So that -- these are the elements impacting it. It looks now as if the business has bottomed. This is the trend we are seeing today. And we are also seeing a good evidence that it will grow modestly in the second half of the year, as I had stated previously.
Donald A. Colvin: Correct, correct. I know it's a function of many factors. They have traction on new designs. They have all designs that will come back, all of these kind of factors.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I think, we have, basically. Our business is not as strong at the top line as it was last year. So absolute capacity is not so much as more capability. So basically, think about capabilities, more advanced packages, more advanced technologies, and also $50 million of Thailand recovery. It will actually probably cost us a bit more than Thailand recovery. But we do anticipate that our cash capital expenditures will fall from current levels as we exit the year. And so that should certainly help improve our cash flows. And certainly, this year's projection, if we take out the one-off $50 million for Thailand, it was down over last year, and we should start to see the benefit of slightly lower capital expenditures as we exit the year, resulting in a greater cash generation.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I said that we would get the benefit in Q4 of all the cost savings. I did say as well -- -- there would be a restitution of certain actions that we've taken that would negatively impact that, like bonus accruals and fortification. So I think it's fair to say that one should offset the other and should be relatively flattish for the fourth quarter because we have been operating on a very strict cost control regime recently. And if we get a much better revenue outlook in the fourth quarter, then we will certainly be accruing bonuses and things that we haven't currently been accruing. So I would say very simply put, it should be relatively flat with the cost savings offsetting the restitution. So just to make sure that, that's the case, I think it probably would -- as far as the capacity is concerned, we did state that, that what we withdrew all came from the fact that we did not restitute the -- about $20 million to $30 million of Thailand capacity that was destroyed. So all that is in our current model and the capacity we have restored will be restored by the end of this quarter. As far as the total revenue potential of the SANYO business, I mean, that's more of a theoretical question. I don't think it has been significantly impaired, but it would not be reasonable to expect the SANYO business to turn to its -- "snap back" to its historical levels. I don't think we believe we have a capacity restriction there. It's much more of a demand restriction.
Donald A. Colvin: Every year, you get different seasons, you know, tsunamis and floods and all the rest. But normally, we are starting to -- we see a seasonally stronger third quarter, up probably high single digits, and that's on the back of a consumer strength. And so there's no reason to believe that we won't see that consumer strength in the second half. And I will remind everyone that the current levels of business are significantly less than all companies achieved at the same time last year. And so there is an inventory correction. End markets are down nothing like our business is down. So we are encouraged by the prospects for the second half and seeing certainly something in line with normal seasonality taking place.
Keith D. Jackson: We see automotive continuing to perform in a strong fashion. The computing business, as mentioned in Q1, was up seasonally. I expect that, that will continue in Q2 and accelerate in Q3. We are still seeing some continued weakness in the Asia consumer-based businesses, whether that's white goods or televisions or handsets or whatever that might be. So that's probably the weakest of the rest of them. And we're expecting kind of industrial to be flattish in Q2 with some strong signs of improvement here for the second half based on customer backlog.
Keith D. Jackson: So the first piece of that, we're really referring to Ivy Bridge. We think we can move our notebook content up into the 30%, 35% market share range on the power systems. And for the smartphones, we're really looking at kind of $3 to $3.50 per phone content, including the camera piece.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, we do expect to see increases in Q3 over Q2, and our traditional Q4s are kind of flattish. I would expect that trend would be similar this year although, again, we only give 1 quarter at a time. They do the retooling. There is some downtime a little bit in Q3, but then by Q4, you're back at whatever the auto end rate is driving.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So our -- each of the companies has a little different mix in what they called industrial. So I'm sure there are some differences there. As we look at our industrial customers, a lot of them are in building and construction types of industries, so building controls for environmental, et cetera. What we've seen there is, they continue to be slightly over-inventoried. Their end markets are picking up and that inventory is bleeding down. So we really think that is a second half story as opposed to a Q2 story. GMs for these product businesses are higher than our corporate average and should substantially contribute in the second half if the market, as we expect, grows and with the higher margins being good for our mix.
Keith D. Jackson: Again, I won't give you guidance. I will say that backlog is filling in much faster for Q3 than it did for Q2 or Q1. So we are definitely seeing customers placing more longer orders in the Q3 or the second quarter out than we saw earlier.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, our teams have done a phenomenal job in pulling in capacity at our other factories to make up for the shortfall. So they actually are quite a bit ahead of schedule. We're basically now able to produce all of the things that we planned on producing. I'll remind you, Donald said we did eliminate capacity for some of the very bad margin products. That won't be coming back. But for everything else, we're online. What we've seen, however, is in the consumer businesses, which drive most of that Thailand impacted product, they remain a bit soft. And the customers did, I believe, some panic buying when the flood occurred to make sure they had enough inventory. So they're really in a good inventory position. The end market has really not taken off. And so net-net, the demand environment looks very similar to Q1.
Keith D. Jackson: So we had extensive discussions with our distributors. We are also, as we mentioned earlier, at the lowest level since 2010 out there in distribution. We are seeing their order patterns pick up. They are anticipating increases in the second half of the year that they are preparing orders for. So I -- and again, if you looked at our guidance, we think the sell-in piece is up 9% while we're guiding kind of mid-3s on the sell-through. So we're expecting some building to occur from an inventory perspective, but it's very dynamic because again, right now, everybody's expecting significant growth in the Q3 time frame.
Keith D. Jackson: I think it will moderate from here, particularly if the demand in the second half does grow over Q2. We've already seen some moderation, as you can tell from our guidance. And so again, I think it's really all dependent on what the end markets do. And right now, at least, they're heading in the right direction.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So clearly, we are -- the products that we have obsoleted, we are selling less of. And so I don't know how to speculate on what orders we might have had if we were still selling those products. That's pretty tough, Ross. But certainly, the consumer weakness is there, but we also know for a fact we're selling less of those products that we obsoleted. So somewhere in there is a combination.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we do not. We do think that the current market share leader in the notebooks is losing share, but we're anticipating that we're going to gain that 10 to 15 points I talked about earlier.
Keith D. Jackson: So certainly, the obsolete products contribute to the slower Q2 environment without a question. In Q3, actually, is when we normally see the biggest sequential gains for consumer. In there, the key factors for us are going to be the Asian-based consumers. That has been the hardest hit portion of the consumer business, particularly in the white goods arena and particularly with our hybrid IC businesses which are critical to energy savings in air conditioners and washing machines and refrigerators. We're expecting to see some moves in China for incentives for their consumer base to buy more of those. And so far, that looks like that may be on track for second half. So that will be a big piece of it. And then the second piece will be in televisions. With the Olympics, we normally see some kind of improvement as you get close to those games. And so we're anticipating some opportunities for growth there.
Keith D. Jackson: So right now, they're kind of mid-70s. We anticipate second half, there's an opportunity to get that up into the 80s range. And as you can tell from our inventory management, we've been keeping a lid on that, and I expect we will continue to manage that fairly tightly. So we're not looking to grow a lot of inventories as we go through the year. We're going to pretty much keep up with consumption rates as we go forward.
Keith D. Jackson: It is. We have, basically from a design win perspective, a very strong pipeline. And we've talked to our customers about what they're going to need. And it was clear that we did not have enough floor space to handle that nor equipment to handle that. So we have now made that investment. Floor space is online. We have the workforce and the equipment is being installed so that we can indeed ramp in the second half for that business.
Keith D. Jackson: First, these are all new product designs. Their -- the only inventory issues we have in that market is some of our customers are over-inventoried on their finished goods. Our pipeline is actually quite lean. And again, based on their forecasts, we needed the expansion to meet their demand in the second half.
Keith D. Jackson: So the -- from a business perspective, again, I mentioned some of the design win momentum. What we've done is we've looked at the key design wins in handsets, televisions and white goods and talked to the customers there, and they are all setting expectations and backlog on us for increasing in the Q3 time frame, which obviously gives us more confidence that we're going to have a better second half. And then you add on top of that to their traditional positions in the other areas like gaming machines and all of the other consumer base things, and there's a normal seasonality that goes up as well. So you take the normal seasonality, you add that -- add to that your key design wins. Yes, we're feeling very good about the second half.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I would just remind you. I mean, we did just add capacity for the power module business. So net-net, you should be able to meet or exceed previous highs in total capacity.
Keith D. Jackson: They've all got aggressive ROIC numbers, so they're trying to keep the inventories down. We're spending a lot of dialogue talking about how do we, in essence, move to a more velocity-based models and how we work together rather than having more inventory point on their shelves. But I will, again, reiterate that they are certainly not wanting to be caught short. And so as they're anticipating higher Q3, they are placing more orders. So either that will turn into higher velocity on a sell-through or it will turn into inventory. At this stage, it's too early to say.
Keith D. Jackson: The indications, at least from the customers' feedback to us, is they believe they will have that demand. And so they're placing orders to make sure that we are going to be able to service those. There's no indication that there's any panic buying or position hedging that's going on at this stage. Lead times typically are what drive that behavior. They're out slightly here in the Q2 time frame from Q1, but there hasn't been a significant move which normally precedes any kind of panic buying.
Keith D. Jackson: We have demonstrated that we're always willing to put our cost structure where it needs to be for the future, and there's no reason to believe that will change.
Keith D. Jackson: It would be sometime toward the middle of Q3. Typically, we don't need a lot more or see a lot more pickup from a loadings perspective as you go into Q4 because you're usually building a quarter ahead, so really you're kind of mid-Q3 time frame.
Keith D. Jackson: That is -- yes, I don't know about that. The best way to look at that one is lead times do matter. We don't normally see the 90% plus utilization rates until we're out towards 13 weeks or so. So right now, we're kind of at the 8-week range. And so somewhere between the 8 and 13 weeks, you go from kind of 70s to 90%.
