Mark Miller: Yes. I'd like to embarrass Leen, also. Leen, it's been a pleasure working with you and the best for your future endeavors. I was just wondering... 
Mark Miller: Okay. So we did a good job embarrassing her. Could you give us sales -- did you bring out sales, or did I just miss them? I'm multimode in here with several calls. 
Mark Miller: I mean, if you watch the TV, there is somebody showing off what looks to be a handheld mobile phone with an OLED screen. I forget who it was, but that's been on the TV the last week or so if you caught those commercials. 
Helene Simonet: I didn't. It is on the website. We have all the supplemental financial information on the website, but I can definitely give you the revenue if you would like on the... 
Helene Simonet: I mean the strength is mainly coming from flat panel display because it increased $5 million quarter-over-quarter. 
Helene Simonet: In the first half of this fiscal year, the utilization was really lower. The utilization ticked up very much in Q3 and Q4. So on average, the increase for flat panel display was 4%, but the -- there was a step up in the second half of fiscal '16. 
Helene Simonet: We didn't forecast, definitely not an increase and I would say that our forecast probably reflects a little reduction in the service revenue. 
John R. Ambroseo: So what we're seeing, Mark, is sort of continued -- I would say pretty strong demand on the service side, which is reflective of the fact that the fabs are running quite hot at the moment. New investment is very limited and I'd say that customers are buying for very specific projects. They're not buying to inventory, they're not doing a lot of future planning at this point. And it's a complicated situation, right? You have a lot of pressure on pricing right now. I think the numbers on memory is down about 50% over the last year. When that happens, it tends to reduce the appetite for investment. And then you have a number of mergers and acquisitions that are taking place among chip makers and equipment manufacturers, whatever it might be, and that leads to the inevitable sort of standstill while people try to figure out exactly what's going on. For us, I think we're-- if we're not at the bottom, we're very close to the bottom on semi. And I'd say that, going forward, it's probably more towards the upside than the downside just where we are relative to the market. 
John R. Ambroseo: So there's, I'd say, there's a bit of difference here when you talk about TVs versus handsets. We do see a potential inflection in the use of OLED in handsets. And that's based on a lot of discussions that are taking place in the industry right now, some of the very well publicized. Your specific question about, I think I heard the comment that LED sales were down because TV sales were down. I don't know if it was really the impact of OLED televisions because OLED TV numbers are still very small as a percentage of being -- of the total market. It will be surprising to me if it had that much of an influence on LED sales. 
John R. Ambroseo: I have no visibility to comment on that. Again, our level of engagement on the TV side is still in the laboratory. It's not in the marketplace yet. 
John R. Ambroseo: Yes. There's a very high likelihood that screen was processed on our equipment. What we're seeing specifically in the handset market is a broader adoption of OLED screens than we've seen previously. And I -- and that's probably reflective of the fact that some of the OLED manufacturers, and right now there are only 2 of them of note, are opening up beyond their own borders. 
John R. Ambroseo: Well, if we look back over a long period of time, the cycles were very similar to the semi market, but with a lead lag of about 6 months. They typically kicked in about 6 months after a semi upcycle started and would trail off about 6 months after semiconductor -- after the semi cycle trough. Recently, we've seen a lot more sort of erratic behavior in that market as people have struggled with capacity shifts and market share shifts. So I don't know if I could give you an exact answer to that question, Joan, of that cycle looks like because it has been somewhat erratic. 
John R. Ambroseo: Sure. So the $45 million in orders that I referenced are actually already in-hand. They were subsequent events because they booked just in the last week or so. We do see a high level of -- or we are having a very high level of engagement with customers to talk about how to drive capacity expansion. And it is going to be related to what kind of products they want to manufacture. If indeed the shift is towards OLEDs, those are going to be for either Twin or Triple Vyper systems. If you look at the progression of a 750 to a 1000 or 1300 or 1500, the price points are about $4.5 million to $5 million for a 750 depending on the exact configuration. A 1000 or 1300, they're roughly the same price range. They're probably $10 million to $11 million; and then the 1500 is a $20 million product. 
John R. Ambroseo: Sure. I'm not surprised by the question, Joan. I was surprised that it didn't come sooner. The thing that's a little bit difficult for us at this point to project on '16 is what the volume and mix of these ELA orders will be. Because the price points are so different, they can actually drive the numbers in a pretty significant way. And as a consequence, I feel like any number I put out there is going to be suspect because I don't have a good enough read on what the mix is right now. The sense is that for display, and to an extent consumer electronics, there are some very attractive opportunities out there, which should support a pretty nice growth model. But I'm not going to jump into yet, because there's a lot of moving pieces. As far as other things that affects '16, I have to tell you that I've been pleased -- surprised and pleased by how well the business in China has held up. There were -- was, again, a lot of uncertainty. Through the end of fiscal '15, it had really a minimal impact for us. Could that change to the worse? Obviously, yes. But it has held up pretty well so far and that would be the big concern that I would have is how demand in China, both direct demand and international capacity affects that business. 
John R. Ambroseo: So the answer is yes, there are positive margin implications. There are -- on the initial shipment, there is no impact on the LDU because you don't replace these optics as a part of a service event. They're very long-lived devices. And I know I can imagine your next question is, how much of the benefit is it? And the answer is until we've manufactured a bunch of them under our own mantle, again, it's going to be difficult to tell you that number. But it's -- it will give us a positive uplift, I think when we ship out of that factory. 
John R. Ambroseo: Sure. So the -- as far as I know, Patrick, there's only one manufacturer that's shipping OLED televisions right now, and that's LG. And they do not use an LTPS process to make those TVs. We're engaged with other companies that are looking at OLED television and some of them may in fact use LTPS-backplanes. But the current product that is in the market from LG does not use our equipment. 
John R. Ambroseo: Patrick, you're correct that -- I think it was up about a year ago, we mentioned that we had taken some costs out of the service model and we'd pass those onto the customer. And that we would have to grow the service business by $8 million to $10 million before we started to see absolute growth in service. So that's all. That changes baked into the numbers. 
John R. Ambroseo: So when I look at it from the standpoint of our business, part of the business judgment that goes into that is how likely is it for our products to be impacted by a consolidation? And in one case, one of our customers is being acquired, but they're being acquired by someone who doesn't have a footprint in the same space. So is it likely to have an impact on our business or are the synergies that they seek to extract is going to come from other places? And the answer on that one, I think, is they come from other places. If there is consolidation on the chip makers, could that have an impact on the business? Yes, it could, to the extent that they can eliminate or consolidate fabs. But we haven't seen as much of that yet in the grand scheme of things. 
John R. Ambroseo: I think -- I've said the same thing for a while that our initial goal is to pick up about $100 million in high-power materials processing, which is a combination of fiber lasers, direct diode and high-power CO2. That outlook hasn't changed. We -- I don't think we ever positioned ourselves to become the lead player in this market, at least not right out of the gate. 
