Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thank you to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corp. today announced that total revenues in the first quarter of 2011 were approximately $870.6 million, including SANYO Semiconductor. Excluding SANYO Semiconductor, ON Semiconductor's revenues were up approximately 2% sequentially. If ON were a sell-in company, we would have experienced higher growth in the first quarter.  During the first quarter of 2011, the company reported GAAP net income of $74.8 million or $0.16 per fully diluted share. The first quarter 2011 GAAP net income included net charges of $46.4 million or $0.10 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings release. GAAP gross margin in the first quarter was 27.8%. Included in our GAAP gross margin is approximately $70.9 million of special items, of which approximately $50 million relates to the expensing of non-cash manufacturing expenses associated with the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition and approximately $20 million relates to the expensing of appraised inventory fair market value step-up.  Non-GAAP gross margin in the first quarter of 2011 was 36%. This includes historical ON Semiconductor non-GAAP gross margin of 40.4% and SANYO Semiconductor non-GAAP gross margin of 26.5%. First quarter 2011 non-GAAP net income was $121.2 million or $0.27 per share on a fully diluted basis. Total gross margins and net income were negatively impacted by production disruptions and increased expenses associated with the Japan earthquake and resulting tsunami. We currently estimate the negative impact to net income to be approximately $10 million in the first quarter. We exited the first quarter of 2011 with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $766 million, after paying cash to SANYO Electric for the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor and Cypress Semiconductor Corp. for the acquisition of its CMOS Image Sensor Business unit of approximately $160 million. At the end of the first quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 60 days, up compared with the fourth quarter of 2010 due to the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor.  ON Semiconductor's internal inventory also increased from fourth quarter levels on a days basis to approximately 111 days due to the acquisition of SANYO Semiconductor. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $402 million of bridge inventory and inventory acquired as part of SANYO Semiconductor transaction. Distribution inventories remained relatively flat at approximately 10 weeks exiting the first quarter, but grew on an absolute dollar basis. Cash capital expenditures during the first quarter of 2011 were approximately $89 million, which included approximately $18 million related to SANYO Semiconductor. We currently anticipate total capital expenditures for 2011 of approximately $310 million to $340 million, which also includes SANYO Semiconductor. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Second quarter 2011 outlook. While the full impact from the earthquake and resulting tsunami on our customer's ability to obtain all of the necessary parts to build products is not fully understood, based on our current assessment, we believe the effects of the earthquake and tsunami could negatively impact our sales by approximately $50 million and gross profit and earnings in excess of $30 million in the second quarter of 2011. This anticipated impact is already included in our second quarter 2011 outlook. Overall, the underlying demand trends around the globe remain strong with the historical ON Semiconductor business expected to grow sequentially in the second quarter. Despite the headwinds to revenues, gross margins and earnings from increased expenses, supply chain disruption and reduced production, SANYO Semiconductor should once again be accretive to our second quarter earnings. Longer term, after we begin to see a full recovery and stability in the overall supply chain in Japan, we believe we can improve SANYO Semiconductor's gross margins to be comfortably in the low to mid-30% range. Our second quarter 2011 outlook includes SANYO Semiconductor. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $860 million to $900 million in the second quarter of 2011. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2011 represent over 90% of our anticipated second quarter revenues. We expect the average selling prices for the second quarter will be flat to down approximately 1% compared to the first quarter. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $80 million in the second quarter. For the second quarter, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 31% to 33%. Our GAAP gross margin in the second quarter will be negatively impacted from, among other things, expensing of the appraised inventory fair market value step-up associated with our acquisitions and non-cash manufacturing expenses of approximately $45 million. The non-cash manufacturing expense will have no further impact to results after the second quarter.  We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 36% to 38% in the second quarter. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $198 million to $208 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to total approximately $20 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $178 million to $188 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other will be approximately $21 million for the second quarter of 2011. This includes noncash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other will be approximately $12 million.  GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $8 million to $10 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $7 million to $9 million. We expect cash taxes to decline in the third quarter to approximately $4 million.  We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $14 million in the second quarter of 2011, of which approximately $3 million is expected to be in the cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Donald Colvin: That probably will improve over time, so I think you can expect it to certainly be moving towards the 30 or plus at the end of the year. And we will work, as we start to get the benefit of synergies and cross-sellings to improve that further next year.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think what we said was the total P&L impact from the earthquake and the tsunami for total ON was about $30 million in the second quarter. And so as Keith mentioned, part of that is traditional ON because we also had a factory in Japan, in Aizu, and that factory has had production difficulties for the reasons that Keith explained. So approximately 2/3 of the P&L impact could be attributed to our SANYO Semiconductor operation and that would give you approximately 6% or 7% of gross margin. And so if you look at roughly where that would take us if we had it back, it would take us comfortably into the oh, 30% range, which we alluded to on the guidance.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think as Keith mentioned, if we see a recovery in the revenue we have lost, which is substantial in the second quarter. If we see that coming back in the second half, then that will obviously accelerate the gross margin improvements.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think we'd also indicated that due to the redraft of the support from the seller, we would expect to improve upon that 18 month target. And I think it's fair to say that if you strip out the nonrecurring costs, et cetera, that we will be operating at or above the 10% contribution in the second quarter of this year. And this is after the negative impact of the tsunami and we have enumerated what that is. So I think we would have comfortably accelerated and beaten that objective by the second quarter, and we will beat it even after taking into account the negative impacts -- materially negative impact of the tsunami and earthquake.
Donald Colvin: No. There is a bit of residual expensing of an asset. It's a noncash cost. We alluded to that in the earnings. But a large part of the restructuring will be paid for by the seller. So we're not anticipating any big restructuring costs going forward. Maybe some minimal, but nothing too material that I can see. And once we get into the second half of the year, the numbers will be relatively clean with the exception of the fair market value step-up, which in the third and fourth quarter, probably something in the region of $10 million or $12 million. But we're not anticipating any big write-offs. And for those of you who have had the chance to study the balance sheet, you will see that we have included a lot of intangible assets or massive amounts of goodwill on the balance sheet. So I think numbers should be a lot cleaner going into the second half.
Donald Colvin: The main driver on that gain, Ramesh, was the accounting recognition of approximately $18 million of support from the seller as an asset, and this will be expensed over the first and second quarter. So essentially, that was a main driver of the gain. And a large part of that gain was actually expensed as a noncash manufacturing cost in the first quarter, approximately $50 million, I believe, and the remaining $30 million should be expensed in the second quarter.
Donald Colvin: Sorry, Ramesh. We had a gain in the first quarter, which is a bargain purchase gain, and part of that was offset by a noncash manufacturing cost of approximately $50 million. And the remaining noncash manufacturing cost of approximately $30 million for the second quarter, but unfortunately, no more gain.
Donald Colvin: We did not disclose for the normal reasons the full gory details of the transaction. But I think we did state and we can repeat that it was approximately 1x historical revenues.
Donald Colvin: We took on a note from the parent, which we're paying off over time. And so a 7-year note at LIBOR plus 175 basis points. And that's part of our debt liabilities. And we amortize 10% of that every year with a bullet at the end. And on an ongoing basis between now and the end of next year, the server will provide ON with support to execute the restructuring onto price products at market levels. So this will continue, the support will continue, and we will continue obviously to service the ON we received from the seller.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think most of our expenses are already baked in to our guidance. And the profile of the Cypress Image Sensor actually fits very well into our historical business. So I don't think we see any earnings dilution either in the gross margin or the operating income coming from that. We are happy it's a business that's got some very good synergistic fit with our existing businesses. So I don't think there's any profound changes there. And early indications are that for the core business, we see continued strength going into the second half and indications are very encouraging for a seasonally strong third quarter. And we continue to prepare ourselves for that. As Keith mentioned, we see strength coming from computing and automotive, and we continue to invest in production equipment, particularly to support our automotive customers who are demanding strongly and requiring continued investment, which we continue to execute.
Donald Colvin: Just one additional observation and I put it in the script is that ON Semiconductor is a sell-through company, so we only recognize revenue when it's sold through. So we are encouraged by the start of the year on our traditional business where we did grow slightly our distribution inventories. So our sequential growth would have been higher if we had been a selling company. And so again I think that positions us well for the second half of the year, and we have certainly been very encouraged by the strength, both from our OEM customers and from our distribution customers.
Donald Colvin: The answer is yes. Most of the changes is coming from SANYO and the core ON was relatively flat. Slight increase in days of inventory, but one day or so pretty flat in payables. But if you look at our overall cash conversion cycle, receivables, inventories minus payables, ON was running about in the low 80s and SANYO was running over 110, and the average is about 94. And so obviously, the Japanese have traditionally had higher levels of inventories and receivables offset with higher levels of payables. And we will probably manage the inventories down over time and use the payables to hedge against the receivables. But the last thing you want to do when you buy a business, an important business in a foreign jurisdiction, is to walk in and start laying down [indiscernible] and payment terms that are out of step with your competitors. So we are being sensitive to that, but what we can certainly work at is as we harmonize the manufacturing base, it's certainly to reduce the inventories and that's something we'll work over the next 2 years. And so you should expect to see the inventory days coming down.
Donald Colvin: I think you can expect the days of inventory outstanding for SANYO, which are well above 100 days and mid-100s, like 150, 160. I think you can expect that, that will come down to 100, 120. And as far as the receivables are concerned, I think as I mentioned, I would be more nervous about being tough on that because it could have a negative impact on our business. And the extended receivables financing is offset by extended payables. So I think that's what you certainly can expect the inventory to come down, a reversion to the mean, over the next 4 to 6 quarters.
Donald Colvin: We identified, I think, approximately $50 million to $50 million [ph] or so of fair market mark up -- mark up to market value, which we will be cycling through the P&L in 4 quarters. And I think I alluded to the fact that there will be approximately $12 million of that going through in the third quarter. The total amount, I've got the exact figure here, was $52 million. $19 million was written off in the first quarter, $15 million in the second -- actually $11 million in the third, and $7 million in the fourth quarter. So that's what will be cycled through.
Donald Colvin: Sure. I think there's 2 components to the dynamic for the second half. One, we'll continue to see strength in the core ON business and so far the signs are good. The core ON business is in excess of $600 million, so any growth in the mid-single digits is a meaningful part of that $50 million we're talking about. And then as far as SANYO is concerned, I think it's fair to say that it looks like there will be continued disruption in July from what we've sold and what our competition sees as well. But certainly going into August and September, we should see a recovery. And so early indications are yes, the low level of activity in the June quarter will be improved upon in the second half. But again there was a tremendous amount of disruption in the supply chain, and that is a major component of the revenue mix as customers have revised down their build plans. And so we're not seeing confirmation of an uptick in these build plans yet. Certainly, it's not unreasonable to simulate some of that. But you think you can appreciate that we are prudent and gaiting strongly to something we have no visibility on.
Keith Jackson: Yes. There were a couple of areas that were better than our updated guidance. One is the amount of product that we were able to ship out exceeded our first fears. We actually did have some pretty good inventory positions which allowed us to make up for most of the revenue during the quarter. As you saw, we showed about $10 million short. So that's a very, very small gap compared to what we originally expected.
Keith Jackson: So a lot of questions there, but I'll give you my overall picture. There was approximately, on the SANYO Semiconductor side which does have a significant portion of the sales inside of Japan, there's a combination of customers that do not have their full kit of parts that are postponing their purchases, which would indicate the second half may be better when they get those complete kits in places. And of course, the impact of not having the fabs running full steam at the end of the first quarter, so it's a combination there of capacity -- effect of the capacity and customer demand. On the ON side, there's about a $10 million impact for similar reasons. So we definitely expect that the second quarter will see the majority of this impact. We think there's opportunity for the entire supply chain to recover in the third quarter and fourth quarter, but we certainly are too far away from that to call it at this time.
Keith Jackson: If you look at our traditional channels, we're actually up in the 5% to 6% range, so we're seeing or expecting good growth in automotive, in our computing and industrial sectors. So not unlike some of the first quarter strength we saw, clearly, the smartphones will pick up as we go through the year, including second quarter as well. So in general, I would say things are trending up with the exception of the impact directly from the Japan earthquake.
Keith Jackson: It is concentrated predominantly in consumer. That would be the bulk of it. There is some of it that goes into power supplies, but the vast majority is consumer.
Keith Jackson: We are seeing a large number of the customers in Japan looking for alternative sources, including wherever they can cross on the ON products produced outside of Japan. So we're definitely seeing activity for qualification to expand the supply base in Japan. We think this is a good thing certainly for our overall corporation. We have a lot of strengths to add to that. But to the extent that there is the capacity and the ability to quickly qualify, there certainly could be share gains coming. It will be, again, a good thing, I think, for the overall company, but that's possible. The other side to remember is that generally companies are much slower to qualify new components into their electronics. So this may not be a quick process. But I would guess over time, there'd be more diversification of supply based on geography.
Keith Jackson: So on the wafer front ends, we are consolidating into our one factory -- our own factory in Niigata and so that will continue to be our largest factory in Japan. The other ones are on SANYO Electric campuses, and we will let those go to SANYO Electric for disposal. This process will take us into next year certainly, comfortably inside the full year of 2012, perhaps a little sooner than that. But we should see that consolidation in Japan take place over the next year into an owned facility in Niigata.
Keith Jackson: We're already seeing demand move pretty quick on the -- what I call the standard product side. We're seeing qualifications underway and again partially in response to some of the shortages that may have been caused by the earthquake. We're seeing some near-term opportunities, I would say, for the standard products. For the more application-specific products, there will be design cycles required, but we are seeing very strong activity again in getting those products into the evaluation and the engineering teams of our customers. So it's been pretty exciting.
Keith Jackson: Yes, that should drive continued gains. Our position there is quite strong and that carries from both the desktop to the notebook platforms. So I would expect from a motherboard and onboard power perspective to see continued share gains this year.
Keith Jackson: I don't know that I can quantify those with the forecast that I have at this point, but we talked about moving up in the desktops comfortably over 50% share, which is where we're at and getting into the 35% or so share on the notebooks.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We do our annual negotiations. They all show up in the first quarter, so those are behind us for the rest of the year. And we're seeing relative strength in pricing, not enough to take them positive, but much better than normal markets. And again I think some of the disruptions in Japan have kept the supplies tight enough that we should see some stability.
Keith Jackson: Our delinquencies actually continue to come down. We've able to bring those down over the last 3 quarters on a fairly steady basis. Lead times did creep up a little bit to the mid-teens in spite of bringing on more capacity. So as Don alluded to earlier, strong backlog and a strong indication from our customers that the back half of the year will continue to ramp. So we're seeing relative stability in those lead times, but they are up higher than we would traditionally like.
Keith Jackson: From a market perspective, most of it's headed to automotive and industrial. And that's a mixture of both wafer fabrication and assembly test packages. So it is kind of across the board from a location perspective, but predominantly, reflecting the strength in those 2 markets. For the other markets, we are continuing to increase capacity, but it is less of our capital expense.
Keith Jackson: We have seen those 2 segments strengthening and the numbers we reported for the first quarter do indicate stronger position in those 2 markets. And they are favorable to the overall company gross margins. So that's a favorable and positive trend as you head into the second half.
Keith Jackson: I really think that's going to depend on our customers who are dependent on full kits of products from a variety of sources, making it -- if that ability is there, I think the strength will be there as you suggest. On the ON side our capacity, certainly, will be willing to -- or able to support stronger than seasonal growth. It's really all about the demand side, and I think that's all about getting the entire kit.
Keith Jackson: The numbers -- the splits we give you actually are sales into the country. So the 15% of sales in Q1 is what actually gets sold into the country. The more difficult one is figuring out the influence, if you will, for the Japan-based customers on a global basis. We would estimate that to be another 5 points or so basically go to Japan-based companies on a global basis.
Keith Jackson: The answer is yes to both of those things. I think we're much more comfortable with 11 weeks of supply than we are at 10. That allows us to have a more stable supply chain and particularly make up for any kind of disruptions that there is in the supply chain. So our distributors would like to have a little more on the shelf. We're trying to provide that without exceeding our targets because frankly again on a sell-through basis, it does us no good to have extra inventory.
Keith Jackson: The bulk of that is OEM sales. There is some distribution business inside of Japan today. One of the benefits we're going to get in sales expansion is putting that into the ON distribution network on a global basis in the second half of this year.
Keith Jackson: I think you'll see the first gains in the fourth quarter of the year, but with significant strengthening as you get into next year. And that's a combination of the qualification cycles on the standard products and the design cycle for the new platforms for the application-specific products.
Keith Jackson: They've got a strong position in the auto infotainment market in Japan. Very good position there in that side. I think what together we bring is the total car. And their access to the customers there, we think, gives us a very significant leg up in that process.
