Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.34 billion to $1.39 billion in the first quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2018, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 36.4% and 38.4%. Factory utilization in the first quarter is likely to be approximately flat as compared to the fourth quarter 2017. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $318 million to $336 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be $28 million to $32 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $290 million to $304 million. We anticipate first quarter GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $33 million to $36 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $25 million to $27 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the first quarter of 2018 is expected to be $18 million to $22 million. We expect our 2018 cash tax rate to be 10% or lower. We expect total capital expenditure of $70 million to $90 million in the first quarter of 2018. We also expect share-based compensation of $18 million to $20 million in the first quarter of 2018, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter of 2018 is expected to be 445 million to 447 million shares based on the current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the first quarter of 2018 is expected to be 432 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Skylar, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: So thank you, Ross. Yes, we do expect to see leverage also on the operating expenses. Our target model calls for a 21% operating expense level, and we are, in 2017, at 22%. So we should be gradually moving towards that. On the gross margin front, we have used the yardstick of about a 50% fall-through on incremental and decremental revenue, and we expect that that will continue. Furthermore, if times slowed down, we would also pull triggers such as moving outsourced production in-house to offset even further our impact of decremental revenue.
Bernard Gutmann: So let me answer the last question first. The share buyback program we have, we have a little bit more than $600 million left between now and the end of 2018. That's the current approved program. We believe the value of our stock still presents a very strong opportunity for buybacks and, therefore, more towards share buyback than dividends. Having said that, we do have debt that matures and we intend to continue de-levering, especially in these rising interest rate times, to make sure we de-risk the balance sheet.
Bernard Gutmann: So we're running, as I said, in the high-80s, and expect that to be about the same for the first quarter. Internal inventories, we were at 115 days. I expect that will trend flat to slightly down.
Bernard Gutmann: We don't break that out, but in general terms, I would say that the percent that's represented to a company level is not too far off at the group level.
Bernard Gutmann: So free cash flow, what we have said is that we should be growing by about $100 million per year. So if last year, we had $700 million, it points to about $800 million. Our CapEx model is still the same, about 7% of revenue in total.
Bernard Gutmann: It's actually – we should be seeing some in the second quarter of this year, and then grow gradually throughout the year.
Bernard Gutmann: No, this was mainly a result of Fairchild acquisition since Fairchild was heavier in terms of distie. But, fundamentally, we are happy with the current mix that we have.
Bernard Gutmann: So for the year, we're at 22%. Yes, with our peak revenue in Q3, we're at the lowest. We expect that will be trending down and get somewhere around 21.5% for the year. Some of it depends on actual individual circumstances like length of the quarter. But in the first quarter, we're guiding to 21.8%, so it's coming down at the midpoint.
Keith D. Jackson: So we work together with our distribution partners to get the lowest amount that they need to service their customers because, frankly, the extra revenue or the extra inventories there don't do either of us any good. So really, it's just keeping a good balance, making sure that they get the best use of their cash, and making sure we get the best use of the products that we've got. So, kind of mutual decision. In the first quarter, I would expect it to be relatively neutral from a change perspective.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Actually, we're more encouraged on the overall environment. We know the biggest question people has is how long can it be good, but in speaking with our customers going into this year, there are some very strong expectations from automotive, industrial, and in all of the cloud-based and related markets. And so those appear to be quite strong and expecting some good growth. I think that will drive good growth this year on the macroeconomic side. Maybe not quite as good as 2017, but it should be upper or above mid-single-digits growth for the overall industry.
Keith D. Jackson: So I'll answer the first question, Vivek. The gross margin going forward, the improvements are the same as we laid out in our Analyst Day, slightly different flavors of them, but definitely, we first will be getting some nice tailwinds from the Fairchild insourcing throughout both 2018 and 2019. We will continue getting mix improvements as we grow faster in the better-than-average gross margin areas as industrial and automotive. We should also be getting the normal fall-through on incremental revenue. And as we mentioned, we continue doing portfolio management and potentially divesting from less-than-stellar performing operations.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Clearly, the supply-demand dynamics are favoring focus on supply right now. Pressures on pricing were less severe, and in our annual negotiations, they were better than they were this time last year. So we are expecting to see some relief from our normal declines on annual pricing.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So we've got very strong attach rates in the computing, fast charging and automotive areas. Penetration is still relatively low there. If you look at those markets, it's less than 10% overall, and we see that accelerating significantly in 2018.
Keith D. Jackson: So most of that will be occurring in 2019. We're still seeing a good ramp in both share and volume with the current platforms.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, we are seeing it across the spectrum in both areas. There might be slightly more momentum in the GPU side, but we're seeing it everywhere. And it's not just in the high-end modules. Again, it's very broad-based.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So China customers are a significant portion of our design win base, and you should see that accelerate in the second half.
Keith D. Jackson: For the total year, we don't expect it to be down in 2018. Q1 may be slightly down, but for the year, we're not projecting that. We do think the weakness was across the board, but perhaps a little stronger in the China handsets for 2017. We're not looking for that to repeat this year.
Keith D. Jackson: All of our end markets are serviced by distributors. It's roughly 60% of our total business, and many of the OEMs use distribution as a service model in Asia for their manufacturing locations.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I mean, obviously, we've been thrilled with the Fairchild acquisition. Acquisitions are certainly still a consideration. We'll look at, basically, return for our shareholders. And if there're opportunities, we're not shy. Right now, valuations look a bit expensive. But, certainly, we're open.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. The lead time piece of the equation is really about getting capacities in place in excess of the market growth. We don't see that happening in the first half of this year, and it's unclear how much of it will happen in the second half as the entire industry continues to be very disciplined in putting in capital.
Keith D. Jackson: So margins there are significantly above corporate averages. We do manufacture the wafers in one of our offshore facilities. And so, we get pretty good margin profile from that.
Keith D. Jackson: So our manufacturing is done in-house, yes, all of it. The substrates, we do still procure on the open market, and we have long-term supply agreements there.
Keith D. Jackson: Sure. We have seen very significant strength in Europe and the U.S. markets geographically. Those have been unusually strong after many years of being a little weaker than Asia. And then, secondly, China continues to grow extremely fast for us. And so, that part of Asia also has been quite good.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Certainly, last year and, we believe, this year, it will outperform that, all driven by server revenues for the cloud. That is looking much stronger than we expected in offsetting declines in notebook and desktop.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. It's just a continuous balancing, and you adjust to actual sales quarter-by-quarter. And as we got to the end of the year, it was just balancing out the inventory market-by-market.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We would expect those types of solutions to be coming at the market next year with – we're already working with sampling and modeling with our customers today, and it's really all about how do we make their algorithms as efficient as possible and get the best information for decisions with the least amount of data having to be transmitted. So we're actually getting a lot of good traction with the customers there, but it'll be 2019 before you see anything.
Keith D. Jackson: No. For us, it should be significantly higher than GDP growth, on the order of 2X of that. We're still seeing a lot of traction in alternative power usage, Machine Vision, and automation for factories.
Keith D. Jackson: I think nothing more significant than we've already stated. We actually talked about consumer being a little better than we expected. It would appear that the energy efficiency that we derive from our other market investments is spilling over and being adopted in the consumer side more robustly than we expected.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. On the handset side, we would expect the first quarter to get a significant amount of the correction behind us in the handsets in China, so maybe more normal patterns in the Q2 and onward. From the consumer side, basically, the adoption of technologies, including things like USB Type C, are being picked up in consumer now, and also, most of the charging applications that we have for rapid charging and very energy efficient charging are picking up into the consumer side.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. The first question on backlog coverage, is at least as strong as normal. There's nothing of concern there. Relative to industrial, we had an extremely good Q4 we just came off of, and so we're being perhaps conservative in Q1. But we feel comfortable that, that market continues to perform.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So the first question, the compute piece for client versus server, the server piece is still less than 20% of our total. And so it represents a pretty small fraction of that. From a content perspective, the accelerators are kind of in the roughly $15 range for our content there, and then there's about $5 to $10 for the VCORE, which is common across all of them, and $25 to $30 for the power stage in the servers.
