Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details of our guidance for second quarter of 2017, let me remind you that the change in revenue recognition for distributors has no impact on our second quarter guidance. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.285 billion to $1.335 billion in the second quarter of 2017. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2017 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated second-quarter revenue. For the second quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 34.5% and 36.4% and on a non-GAAP gross margin, ranges approximately 34.7% to 36.7%. Factory utilization in the second quarter is likely to be up sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $311 million to $332 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other changes, which are expected to be approximately $30 million to $37 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $281 million to $295 million. We anticipate second-quarter the net other income and expenses, including interest expense, will be approximately $35 million to $38 million, which include non-cash interest expense of approximately $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses, including interest expense, will be approximately $27 million to $29 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the second quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $12 million to $16 million. We expect full-year 2017 cash paid for income taxes to be approximately 10% of 2017 non-GAAP pre-tax income. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $75 million to $85 million in the second quarter of 2017. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $20 million to $22 million in the second quarter of 2017; of which, approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the second quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately 427 million shares based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our Quarterly and Annual Reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Michelle, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So, as we mentioned, the variable comp definitely was higher than expected, because the results were better. We also mentioned that we made some investments in ADAS and radar. In general, we expect OpEx as a percent of revenue to subside in the second half of the quarter, getting closer to our target model. The synergies will continue coming in and we expect those to come in more towards the end of the year as we finalize the integration of our ERP systems for Fairchild.
Bernard Gutmann: As we have mentioned in the past, our target is to pay down the debt in the short term. We intend to get to about 2 times net leverage. So, any excess free cash flow that we generate will be used to pay down the debt.
Bernard Gutmann: So, for utilization, we are in the middle-80%s in the first quarter and we expect Q2 to be slightly higher than that.
Bernard Gutmann: So, in general terms, we did have a very strong first quarter. So, on the heels of that first quarter, maybe the numbers are a little bit lighter than a normal seasonality. And, I'd say, we have a little bit of conservatism in our approach. Seasonality with Fairchild, I don't think it's changing too much, except it makes Q4 a little bit more pronounced on the down, since Fairchild was typically seasonally first more down, offset by the little bit better Q1, but Q2 and Q3 should not be too different.
Bernard Gutmann: So, in the near term, in general terms, all of them are going to grow and obviously, our guidance is in that 2% to 3% range, though it's not a huge amount. So, pretty much all of them are about the same pace, not anything spectacular on one end-market. Remember, we're coming off of a very strong Q1. In the longer term, we have – as we talked in the Analyst Day, the area of focus is the same, is industrial, automotive and smartphones.
Bernard Gutmann: So, in general terms, we're not changing our long-term target for OpEx. It's in our model. We have stated 21%. This is more repurposing some expenses. And as we said, we're going to get some synergies that will help reduce the number. So, in general terms, I don't expect a structural change. This is in the low-single digit in terms of impact by quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: So, on the free cash flow, we haven't said anything, but we expect to still be in that $500 million to $600 million, maybe moving a little bit closer to the higher-end. We did have a fairly low amount of CapEx and that some of it is timing. It's a little bit lumpy. So, we expect some of that to catch up, but we're definitely still targeting to be in that $500 million to $600 million range.
Bernard Gutmann: So, in general terms, we think a good level of inventory is 11 to 13 weeks. And we have been operating – as you said, in the fourth quarter, we're at the lower end of that and we have operating within that range for the last few quarters.
Bernard Gutmann: So, it is basically the same as we communicated in the Analyst Day. We have about a 50% fall-through on incremental revenue. We have also the impact of mix shift and Keith mentioned some of it as we move stuff out of consumer into industrial. We do have also the Fairchild synergies that are a significant incremental component and as we also talked, some additional manufacturing footprint consolidations. So, it is basically the same as we communicated in the Analyst Day.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. A couple of comments there. Lead times are really not stretching quickly as they normally do when you get into a double order situation. ASPs are also not accelerating at the same kind of paces, although they are starting to stabilize and as we mentioned, lead times are pretty steady. So, that combination kind of indicates to us there's not quite double ordering. Also, as we look at the quality of the backlog, we do see significant growth in the backlog toward the summer time for all of the ramps in the communications industry and we see appropriate orders lead time wise for industrial and automotive. So, at this stage, it just looks like a good demand environment and not something where any type of panic has started.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We did not see anything that was outside of seasonal in each of the markets. And so, there's really nothing to comment on.
Keith D. Jackson: And Q3 orders, we're certainly looking at the handset market to be up more this year than it was last year in the same timeframe with two major guys ramping new platforms. So, it's definitely stronger than we saw last year.
Keith D. Jackson: I think the cycles' turning shows up in order patterns. There is traditionally good order placement by our automotive customers. They place more than they have to based on lead times. So, I would say we get something like a five to six-month warning if things are going to change. The primary difference this cycle versus any of them in the past is just the rapid adoption of advanced safety mechanisms, which use a lot of semiconductors. And so, as we mentioned in our Analyst Day, even with no growth at all in the SAAR, you can be expecting something in the mid to high-single digits growth for automotive revenues.
Keith D. Jackson: So, we believe that focus on free cash flow is going to be a significant bolster to the stock and also there is significant indebtedness that, as we pay that down, gives you additional leverage. So, those two factors should be very significant in increasing that multiple.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, seasonally, we dug pretty deep, talked with our customers. Clearly, in China, there was some supply chain tightening that some of our customers were employing is down a little more than seasonal. But as we look at the uptake here in Q2 and their expectations they've set with us, we're expecting a significant growth back to a more normal second half of the year. Secondly, as far as content; content, there are two different ways. One way of looking that is just exposure geographically. About half of our sales go into China and the other half are to the major OEMs that are not in China. You're seeing some very strong ramps. And so, we've gotten better content in all of the ramps there. So, I think you're looking at 20% to 30% more content in each of those. And then, hopefully, with the specific exposure on the ramps, you should see very significant growth in the second half for handsets.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, total safety is about a quarter. ADAS, specifically, I don't know that I've got those figures.
Keith D. Jackson: We're in a very good situation with capacity for image sensing business, running less than 70% full globally on a overall basis.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, those are basically the power modules that were going into white goods. They provide a variable speed motor control capabilities and basically with slightly different current and voltage targets, you can use them for industrial modules. And the margins go up somewhere around 150 basis points to 300 basis points, very significant change.
Keith D. Jackson: Cross-selling, that has been going on since day one. I think you've heard us set now two records since we've owned them. Not records just because they've added on, but records in their bookings levels going back in their history as a standalone company. So, we're actually getting a lot of pull already.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, there's two, I guess, main factors that go into that. One is perception, if you will, of availability. We've been watching that carefully with capital expenditures, which have been, I think, in good control for several years. So, I'm expecting that to contribute to some stabilization on the pricing side. And I guess, the second thing to look at is part of the cycle. Certainly, we've indicated we're seeing continued growth there. That hasn't reached any type of double ordering levels yet, but that would certainly be a sign that you're going to see pricing movement. And then, lastly, just in consolidation of the industry, I think it's still a lot of consolidation to go before that would have a meaningful impact.
Keith D. Jackson: So, we don't give book-to-bills out, but it was certainly greater than 1, which is why we predict continued increase sequentially. Relative to inventories from a component perspective, we think they are in very good shape. From an in-car perspective, I know you've read all the reports we have, which says North America is slightly elevated, but we're in reasonable shape elsewhere.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. It's very small right now. We're looking at adding up to $300 a car on the EV basis, but those ramps won't be occurring till late of 2018 or 2019.
Keith D. Jackson: On the distribution, double ordering, again, we really have not seen a lot of that. Our inventories there and our order patterns are still well within our models.
Keith D. Jackson: So, we believe on the ADAS side, we've been winning about 70% of the new model platforms, which bodes very well for growth going forward. It's really the number of cameras varies as you would guess dramatically model-to-model and country-to-country. But in all cases, you're looking at something that's going to be in the five to eight range – moving from five to eight over the next couple of years. So, overall we're saying that that has about a 20%-plus CAGR attached to that.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, I would say the ADAS would be the fastest growing, the LED lighting following that and then the various power applications being in third place.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. You see USB-C growth in the entire infrastructure on the handset side and shortly on the notebook side. The competitive landscape there is fairly well established and I wouldn't expect surprises going forward.
Keith D. Jackson: So, the cloud computing really came from Fairchild. And Purley certainly will advance that cause there and it really amounts to how fast these specific wins, the specific customers will be coming on, but all of that, we expect to see good strength with Purley.
Keith D. Jackson: It's really all China and we had a couple of major customers there both which had depleted their inventories and needed to replenish.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, they're both going to yield the same results and we don't have any studies that give me a weighting on either of those.
Keith D. Jackson: So, key growth drivers really are the power portion of industrial plus some of the new communication standards for wireless that you have in building automation and factory automation. We're seeing good growth there. The Fairchild acquisition did help us with some pull-through or cross-sell as was talked about earlier there with the ON products. So, in general, we're looking for our power business and our communications businesses to benefit.
Keith D. Jackson: So, a couple of – I think, first order of magnitude, rapid charging adds dollar content and that's being adopted more quickly here in the second half. And then, the rest of it is just next generation of all the things we've been participating in.
Keith D. Jackson: So, I think there's two things here, John. One is they had some new technologies on the power side that actually we're ramping. So, the design wins were won in the second half of last year and they're ramping now and that's a nice tailwind for us. But secondly, just part of the ON sales network and our distribution network, I think, has had a positive pull-through based on ON (52:24) service levels, et cetera. That's gotten us an extra kicker (52:27).
