Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1,350 million to $1,400 million in fourth quarter of 2019. For fourth quarter of 2019, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 35.7% to 36.7%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $344 million to $ 364 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $32 million to $36 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $312 million to $328 million in the fourth quarter. The anticipated quarter-over-quarter increase in operating expenses for the fourth quarter over those of the third quarter is driven primarily by four extra days in the fourth quarter as compared to those in the third quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter of 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $38 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $29 million to $ 31 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in fourth quarter of 2019 is expected to be $14 million to $18 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $105 million to $115 million in fourth quarter of 2019. We also expect share based compensation of $17 million to $19 million in fourth quarter of 2019, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for fourth quarter of 2019 is expected to be 414 million shares, and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be 412 million shares, based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and Sydney, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So I’ll start from the latter part. We don’t believe this affects us in the long term. The secular drivers and the reasons for growth are the same. There is no structural changes that prevent us from doing that. Addressing the specifics, we did enumerate 3. The first one is really a vendor cost, product specification issue that impacted one customer. Can’t give you more detail than that. It is one of the reasons why the fourth quarter is showing some lift. The second piece is we did see more pressure on ASPs, on – primarily on multisource products in the last quarter, and that’s obviously a reflection of the weaker end demand in the market. And the third reason is we did purposefully control our disties and internal inventories. And as a result, our utilization was in the middle 60s. It was one of the lowest we have had in a long time and obviously, that has also ramifications on gross margin. We expect to – not to have a lot more inventory reduction in the disti channel, but still a little bit more internally, so our gross margin will still have – or our utilization will still be in the lower portion of our normal range. And – but if I look at the long run, our 300-millimeter fab Fishkill acquisition, we believe, is really something that will be transformative and will allow us to show significant improvement in gross margin, and we’re very happy with what we’re seeing so far in terms of process, plant flows and qualification
Bernard Gutmann: So the – let me answer you in reverse. The products that are mostly affected by that are those that are in our computing end consumer, which is about 20% of our business. That’s kind of – give or take. Obviously, weak end demands are making this a factor. So this – it will be a function of how long the weakening demand continues in terms of pricing pressure. The second one, we believe the adjustment is related to one single customer, and we don’t – there is no risk that it will affect other customers.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. In the short term, the 50% should still be a valid thing. Obviously, as you said, they’re still doing some transformative changes, and that can affect that – the fall through. And also, as we continue with our secular drivers in the areas that are growing faster, those command also better gross margin, so that should also help in terms of the fall through.
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, most of the actions were tactical. There is some that we took earlier in the year that were more structural, but what we did in the third quarter was more tactical.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So we – the levers that we have continue being the same. Definitely, the East Fishkill as well as the Aizu fab give us more degrees of freedom in terms of managing our network and more opportunities for optimization. And at the same time, we will continue working on the regular fall through as we increase our utilization back up to the more normal levels as well as mix.
Bernard Gutmann: And on the share buyback question, Ambrish, in the long run, we are committed to our share buyback program. We have a $1.5 billion program and intend to continue working on that one. In the short run, we do have the – as we mentioned several times during the call, we do have the settlement of the litigation issue we had with Power, and that implies a significant cash outlay in the short term, and that will have to be taken into account as we go through that.
Bernard Gutmann: So in terms of utilization, we mentioned we were in the 65%, which used our normal capitalization rules, whereby a portion of the unit cost, if it’s below our standard, gets written off. If it’s above our standard, it gets capitalized. So there was no unusual activity, no period charge.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So Chris, we don’t quantify ASPs in – like we did in the past. But I can say that in general terms, it is less than historical, less than in previous cycles. It is still more than what we saw in the first couple of quarters of the year, but less than historical.
Bernard Gutmann: And we have also – we are also completing the integration work this quarter, and that should result also in some of the synergy delivery.
Bernard Gutmann: We believe that Q4 is probably going to be the lowest utilization. Just like Q3, we believe we’re at the bottom in terms of utilization right now.
Bernard Gutmann: We have been doing that as a regular ongoing process. The total outsourced amount is about 30%, including everything at about 20% when you exclude our most recent acquisition.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure. So normal seasonality, if there is such a thing, is 0% to 2% negative for the fourth quarter, so a small negative. The first quarter is also a negative, in the 2% to 3% range. Q3 – Q2 and Q3 are on the positive, something like 4%, 5% for both Q2 and Q3.
Bernard Gutmann: We – at this stage, we intend to pay it down. We do have – but we could also explore possibilities of refinancing. We did refinance our debt recently and have about $1.2 billion of undrawn revolver in case we want to tap into that.
Keith Jackson: Ross, I think it’s mostly the content gains we continue to have. And as we mentioned, the automotive piece of our business should be up. We’re seeing some recovery in Asia there. And with our exposure in content, we think that may give us a little better lift. And then, quite frankly, we’ve done a very good job in getting inventories in the supply chain in place to enable a more normal environment.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So automotive, we’re seeing a recovery in Asia. We’re seeing recovery in the server portion of computing. Relatively continued benign conditions in industrial. And then you have a seasonal weakening in consumer, as you would expect, so I’m not sure that, that is abnormal from a seasonal perspective. And in the handset market, same story.
Keith Jackson: So far there’s been some share shift where we’re unable to ship products to the European or Japan-based competitors. Those are small amounts for us. But otherwise, nothing detected in their current business patterns. There have been discussions with many of the customers in China about having alternate sources for shared supply, but no dialogue at this stage about losing specific share.
Keith Jackson: Okay. So inventory-wise, as I mentioned last quarter, we felt we were nearing the end of the correction process. We still believe that. We think we’re in a stable and reasonable place with the supply chain area. One of the key things, if you look at recovery, those recoveries do generally happen quickly and can change things. But with our inventory levels, where they are in distribution and internally, we think we’re in good shape for a response.
Keith Jackson: Okay. So we are, I think, well positioned with all of the players in 5G, and that deployment will continue to expand. I think we had some pretty rapid early test trials that went on. A little bit of a pause, but we expect next year to be a very significant ramp in China.
Keith Jackson: The simple answer there is a slower macro is not going to deter us enabling our 300-millimeter expansion. That is a key part of getting our margin profile where we’d like it and being able to satisfy the growth in demand for automotive and industrial power. So that will continue. Other types of things have been curtailed significantly to balance that total capital needs, but those will continue to move forward. We don’t see any situation in which that would make sense to slow. And as we mentioned earlier, that ramp will enable us to balance our network out better to accelerate gross margin.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We are strongly believers in the distribution network. They can reach a range of customers around the world for the design win commitments that we need. And they are also quite efficient at reaching all those small customers. So we continue to support them strongly, see share gains in that distribution network on an annual basis. And we’ll be looking for opportunities to grow even faster in distribution.
Keith Jackson: Okay. On the China auto business, those are new wins we’ve got primarily in electric vehicles. And new models are starting to ramp, so there’s a content piece there. But our sense also is that generally, there’s going to be more units made now than there has been in the earlier part of the year, so a combination of both content and a few more units.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We’re – if you look at kind of performance this year, you think – we believe there was a contraction in the supply chain. So in essence, it wasn’t just a reflection of the end units but actual inventory coming down throughout the whole chain. So we still believe you get a significant benefit from the content gain even in a down market. Going forward, we’re looking for 7% and 9% kind of growth in the auto market for us. On unit basis, which I think is forecasted, roughly flat to up 1%.
Keith Jackson: So we don’t think 5G handsets were a big play in the third quarter. There was certainly content there and some phones out, but it was not a substantial portion of the total. And then as we look into the fourth quarter for handsets, it’s a normal seasonal down, so nothing significant there other than normality.
Keith Jackson: So that business continues to be soft like the rest of the markets, but we’re not seeing continued decline there. So it looks like it’s stabilized, and we are expecting more normality as we get into 2020.
Keith Jackson: Right now, pretty much all segments are showing the same type of weakness. Nothing looks like it’s breaking out yet. I am expecting the medical piece of that business to break out pretty quickly as a lot of our design wins in the personal medical electronics arena start ramping in 2020.
Keith Jackson: Yes. I would expect more normal seasonality as you enter the first quarter next year. There was buying that was anticipation of tariffs that had some significant skewing of purchase patterns there. We think that’s behind us. And there was also some inventory corrections, which we think are largely behind us. So it should be looking more like a normal seasonal business going into next year.
Keith Jackson: No. We have superior performance there and nothing that I would consider competition. We have been winning the platforms at 8-megapixel and not losing any ground or traction.
Keith Jackson: Okay. They’re a mixture of IGBT and silicon carbide, and those wins ramp anywhere from late next year to the following year. So I don’t have the specific schedules in front of me, but it will be over the next two years.
Keith Jackson: We continue to balance where we can. We’ve got obligations to some of our suppliers there. But in general, we think we can get that down a few percentage points over the next year.
Keith Jackson: Okay. So on the first part, kind of current conditions, there was some changing regulations and changes in government policies on how they subsidize that marketplace, created some bad situations in the middle part of the year. We see some recovery from that. Not a significant in-demand jump is the way I would describe current conditions. Then next year, though, we do think there will be continued expansion. Their economy is going to continue to grow. We think they will have digested the efficiency requirement changes that they’re going through right now, and we should see some continued growth there in 2020.
Keith Jackson: No. We have a few specific more custom-based products that still have extended lead times, but those are where there’s unique flows or unique requirements. Most of our general products are in the normal range.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We continue to invest. We took some ON teams and added them to the Quantenna team to continue to drive derivations of the high-performance WiFi that they’ve got into those marketplaces. That development looks like it’s going to be in good shape to deliver what we set as expectations for the 18 months to two years from now.
