Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.355 billion to $1.405 billion in the third quarter of 2019. For the third quarter of 2019, we expect GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 35.2% to 36.2%, and non-GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 36.7% to 37.7%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $349 million to $369 million.  Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $34 million to $38 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $315 million to $331 million in the third quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase in operating expenses for the third quarter over those of the second quarter is driven primarily by the inclusion of Quantenna’s results for the full quarter, process transfer costs related to the 300 millimeter fab at East Fishkill, annual merit increase, and the absence of bonus reversal, which significantly lowered second quarter operating expenses.  We expect to see meaningful decrease in Quantenna related operating expenses as we realize targeted synergies, and reduce costs. Offsetting increase in the third quarter operating expenses are savings resulting from tight operating expense control. We anticipate third quarter of 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $38 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $29 million to $31 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in the third quarter of 2019 is expected to be $11 million to $15 million. We expect total capital expenditure of $125 million to $135 million in the third quarter of 2019. We also expect share-based compensation of $21 million to $23 million in third quarter of 2019, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2019 is expected to be 414 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Chris, please open up the lines for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure, Ross, thank you. So inventory corrections in the third quarter -- internal inventory correction is expected to occur but on a mild basis. We don't expect that, that will have a significant impact on our gross margin and as you can see our guidance for overall gross margin is slightly better sequentially than Q2. Definitely the -- both the acquisitions that we announced this quarter of Quantenna and of the phased approach for East Fishkill should be tailwinds that will help us achieve our gross margin target for 2023. So we feel pretty good about those. And we’ll continue with our normal 50% follow through on incremental revenue in the short-term. It’s been a little bit of a headwind. But we expect that to act as the inventory correction in the secular drivers to take course. So we expect that, that will continue also being a significant help.
Bernard Gutmann: I mean actually in reverse the -- the OpEx, we expect those to stabilize, and in 2020 come down as we get the benefits of the synergies that we talked about for Quantenna, which we talked about being $26 million, about $16 million of those being in OpEx and about $10 million in COGS. The inventory goal in the mid-term I expect those to come down to about 120 days and right now we are at 132 when you per forma that for Quantenna for the full quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: So Quantenna, we are not disclosing the details, we normally don't disclose customers or individual sub-end markets. It will be integrated within our ASG Group. And we believe we're on track with the synergy and the integration plans. And as we mentioned in the call, the market for Wi-Fi has also suffered the same weaknesses on the macroeconomic and inventory corrections. And therefore, we talked about being a mildly dilutive in the third quarter, but on plan with the long-term plans.
Bernard Gutmann: The same ones that we have elaborated in the Analyst Day for the long-term. The mix effect, the follow through on the incremental revenue, manufacturing cost savings, and some divestitures in small scale. And we also talked about the two different -- the two acquisitions we just closed in this quarter. Quantenna should be accretive to gross margin and so should the East Fishkill acquisition.  In the short-term, we also take the normal practical cost reductions more in-sourcing and tighten the belt just on discretionary spend even at the COGS level. And that should also help us shore up the numbers in the short-term. 
Bernard Gutmann: Pricing in general terms, we still are seeing a pretty benign environment as compared to what we've seen previous years. So no change from that.
Bernard Gutmann: So our long-term goal for OpEx is the same 21% as we have elaborated in our Analyst Day. We are on track to do the plans for synergies for Quantenna. When we announced Quantenna we talked about synergies being about $26 million, about $16 million of those in OpEx and $10 million in COGS. And that will be coming in and become meaningful in 2020.
Bernard Gutmann: We normally don't give any details on specific customers. But as we said in our prepared remarks, we have partially resumed the shipments on to the customers that were affected.
Bernard Gutmann: Typically, if you look at seasonality of our free cash flow, it is back-end loaded, typically in the third and even more meaningful in the fourth quarter. So we expect to see some catch-up playing throughout the rest of the year.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think without question two things happened during the second quarter. The geopolitical piece was much more pronounced than anticipated. And as the quarter went on, as you are aware, those impacts got more significant. The second piece is, we did see more inventory correction going on than we had anticipated based on backlog trends going into the quarter at some of the OEM sides as well. So the combination weakened during the quarter. And I think that's what led to the results we had.  As we look forward in dialogue with the customers and looking at what's going on geopolitically, things have been stabilizing more. Certainly the biggest impact from U.S. sanctions, we believe we comprehend at this stage which we did not have going into the second quarter. And so, we've got more confidence in what I will call stabilization at this point.
Keith Jackson: We saw the tweets as well and the reactions to it. I think our belief is that this is comprehended in the guidance that we’ve given. They are tariffs and the tariffs themselves have not been the issue for our revenues so far. What we expect to see is potentially some market share changes from our customers as a result of this. But the overall end markets, I would not expect significant destabilization.
Keith Jackson: On EV we expect continued growth despite the macroeconomic conditions and number of cars sold globally. We expect that percentage to continue to rise and it will be led in China. So we would be expecting some recovery there in China for automotives on that basis. Globally, though, we're not looking for a large pickup in total units of cars sold.
Keith Jackson: From a content perspective, for the electric vehicles, it’s up to about $400 per battery car. And then if you move to a Level 2 ADAS systems, you get another $150 per car from a year-on-year basis. So pretty significant content changes.
Keith Jackson: Yes, it is definitely related to units and definitely has some of the macroeconomic impacts. One of the things we do believe is that the Q2 numbers had some significant amounts of ship aheads over the concern with tariffs being imposed and increased. 
Keith Jackson: Taking the last one first, I think we do have more visibility and our ability to ship into the comms pieces of that. Clearly there is still impact on the 5G portion but the handset business seems to be an area that can be shipped. So more clarity on Huawei at the stage and of course we are applying for further exemptions as you would expect. From a silicon carbide perspective, we do see that continuing to grow at an extremely rapid pace. We're not expecting ‘19 to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, but certainly towards a triple-digit millions. 
Keith Jackson: Well trend-wise actually I mentioned that we’re seeing a stabilization. That market took a pretty steep double-digit drop on a year-over-year basis globally. And so, it's a very significant and most significant action on a worldwide automotive basis. We think that China overall, when you look at the numbers, contributes around 25% or so of total automotive. That is an estimate because clearly we ship things to other parts of the world that are still being imported in China but roughly a quarter.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So their existing customer base, as you aware basically, is the ones that we would have been referencing there. They are looking at I guess more assured supply, having a stronger financial backing there, from the span out piece we've been talking to industrial IoT customers about our plans to expand offerings into that portion of the business and they’ve also been quite excited by taking some high-performance solutions and combining it with the rest of our IoT solutions. 
Keith Jackson: Our lead times still continue to be kind of mid-teens. This is down definitely from a year ago levels by four or five weeks, and slightly longer than what we would call normal for the industry, as there's still some constraints in our power business. 
Keith Jackson: No, it doesn't change any of our expectations there. We're still moving full steam ahead. As I mentioned earlier on the EV trends, the automotive trends and the 5G trends, we're expecting significant and continued growth in those power businesses next year. So there is no changes anticipated there. 
Keith Jackson: So as I mentioned, we did visit all of Quantenna's customers since the acquisition. And without exception, they have all cited softness in their business and no share loss of any kind. On the earnings per share, like we said, there’s not meaningful contribution in quarter three. 
Keith Jackson: I do believe mix is a contributor to sort of behaviors there. Companies with more power content have seen less of the corrections and seen it later. 
Keith Jackson: On a product basis, you certainly have seen a narrowing of the gap between manufacturing cycle times and lead times; don't normally collapse inside our manufacturing lead times in good markets or bad. 
Keith Jackson: In terms of units sold, we don't see a significant improvement in the fourth quarter globally. We're not looking for that. We do think that the number of models adopting EV and the number of models adopting Level 2 ADAS will be increasing for the 2020 car model years. And so, we should see that offset even flat or slightly down in Q4 total unit numbers. So we are expecting a return to growth as you exit this year.
Keith Jackson: When we talk to growth, we -- over 60% growth year-over-year in those cloud-power and applications. And so, yes, very, very significant growth. We don't actually have any units I can give you specifically in the forecast however. 
Keith Jackson: So again, I think it really is the on-content story there, not the units. The other piece of what you've seen so far this year is inventory correction at the suppliers to the automobile industry. So the units themselves can be down 2%, 3% or whatever, but the inventory piece, the inventory correction piece contributes to the rest. And as I mentioned before, I do expect as we get into Q4, the additional content story will take over and you'll see continued growth for us. 
Keith Jackson: Yes, a couple of comments. One, we did mention that we expected continued distribution inventory declines in the third quarter. And we think that will be about the end of it. So it's really not a big just destocking change in attitude. We have seen stabilization actually increases from backlog in China, whereas they were declining pretty rapidly beginning of the year. Those now look to be done with the inventory correction and starting to increase.
Keith Jackson: It's across the board in China, that kind of starting to see the increases there. So no one market stands out.
Keith Jackson: We are expecting to see sequential increases in the resales. They will match pretty much the commentary I gave by market. We see normal ramps in communications in the third quarter, we'll see some ramps on the automotive side -- excuse me, but those will be reflecting Q3 extra resales will be reflecting the market commentary.
Keith Jackson: Yes. As I mentioned, certainly mix has an impact on what goes on there, but we've also talked over the quarters about how we have a little better control system and much better visibility. So reacting appropriately and never getting too overstocked is also a piece of that equation.
Keith Jackson: So in both quarters there is significant reduction contemplated. And I don't know that we're giving specific numbers there, Chris. But certainly they are meaningful and we expect leaving the third quarter to be toward the lower end of our normal operating guidance for just the inventory.
Keith Jackson: We only give guidance one quarter at a time, but I would reiterate that we expect the distribution inventory correction to be largely over in Q3 of this year.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Our lot of dialog occurred there, as you might have expected, and I do believe that many of the auto suppliers remained more optimistic longer than I have seen in the past, and then decided to take some fairly decisive inventory corrections as they got through the second quarter. So from my perspective, that's what's different this Q2 versus any of the others we've experienced.
Keith Jackson: Again, this is more qualitative than quantitative as we talk to our customer base and particularly, in the auto sector. We think they are largely going to be corrected at around this same time into Q3 to beginning of Q4.
