Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1.36 billion to $1.41 billion in the second quarter of 2019. Included in our second quarter revenue guidance is approximately $15 million revenue from the manufacturing services provided by OSA. For second quarter of 2019, we expect gross margin to be in range of 36.5% to 37.5%. Our second quarter gross margin guidance includes the negative impact of approximately 40 basis points from manufacturing services provided by OSA. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $322 million to $340 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $27 million to $31 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $295 million to $309 million in the second quarter. We anticipate second quarter of 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $31 million to $34 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $22 million to $24 million. Cash paid for income tax in the second quarter of 2019 is expected to be $12 million to $16 million. We expect total capital expenditure of $140 million to $150 million in the second quarter of 2019. We expect capital intensity to subside in the second half of the year, and for 2019 we expect capital intensity of 9%. We also expect share based compensation of $26 million to $28 million in the second quarter of 2019, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the second quarter of 2019 is expected to be 414 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: We have definitely been prudent in our deployment of OpEx and have taken some belt tightening in cost reduction items. We also modulate our variable comp based on business results, so there is also some impact of that. So for the year, we expect it still be prudent in, in terms of our approach towards that. So I expect the -- a good set of numbers.
Bernard Gutmann: So the first quarter is always seasonally low and we’ve also -- its driven by some things like the payment or annual bonus plan always occurs in the first quarter. Second half of the year is always our strong seasonal quarter. So we don’t expect to see any meaningful change from what we have been previously are talking about for our free cash flow generation. And as I -- as we said, we’re also keeping good control in our OpEx, which will also help us fuel that free cash flow generation.
Bernard Gutmann: Our CapEx spending which was 11% in the first quarter, but we’ve said in the prepared remarks the full-year will be 9% is mostly for capacity. I would say, its skewed a little bit more towards the front end capacity this year, but fairly evenly split.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we are committed to our $1.5 billion buyback program and as we said, we did $75 million in the first quarter. So that commitment will continue. We will discuss with our Board at the upcoming Board meeting the re-initiation date. But in general, we are committed to continuing with that plan.
Bernard Gutmann: So I would say for our general company seasonality with the mix of products we have right now for Q3 is probably in the 4% to 5% and flat for the fourth quarter.
Keith Jackson: No, it's actually improving here in the month of April, noticeably better than it was in the first quarter. And so definitely improving trend.
Keith Jackson: I think lead times will be stable for a while. Our power lead times remain extended, but everything else is in normal range.
Keith Jackson: So going in to Q1 or the Q1 data set that are resales and our sell-in distribution were approximately the same. And as we’ve entered April, there's a significant increase in the resales above our ship-ins in double-digit percentage range.
Keith Jackson: Yes, so our inventories did not grow in dollars, they just grew in days as you calculate with the resales. And yes, certainly in Q1, the China industrial portion was a contributor.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we do expect to see more units as we go forward in the server side of the business this year. The rest of it is apparently very stable.
Keith Jackson: We -- yes, we only provide one quarter at a time. And I think it's a little too early to be calling the September quarter right now, but certainly encouraged with the data we’ve had this month.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we have a broad range of wins in the industrial market, in the automotive market. Geographically that is spread out fairly wide, Europe, North America and Asia with our strongest automotive wins in Asia.
Keith Jackson: The fundamentals that we talked about at our Analyst Day are still intact, so it's the same drivers basically fall through on incremental revenue mix manufacturing cost savings and some divestiture that will make up the improvement trend over time. In the short-term as you mentioned, we are having a slightly adverse mix impact with growth coming from our less stellar gross margin end markets. But we do have some pretty good control -- cost control measures that will also help shore up the gross margin.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we have strong wins across all of the players in the telecom infrastructure area and we're expecting that to almost double this year from our content from last year. So very, very significant trends and again its broad-based and across all customers. Relative to the rest of the year, it's kind of contained in my comment on the growth, we are expecting to see it continue to accelerate.
Keith Jackson: We certainly have continued content increases and as you know that market is very much back end loaded. So we are expecting to see increase from the first half, but overall total smartphone units we're expecting very flattish year-on-year.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We are still only doing one quarter at a time. Clearly, the growth of the markets in 2019 is going to be very muted. And so we're not expecting a significant growth in the market this year, but we believe we will be above the industry and our peers.
Keith Jackson: Yes, we do have a broad range of power solutions and we are expecting some growth there from a content perspective in total for the year. So, again, I think it's -- it goes beyond just the data center comment you hear from the processor guys, we’ve content gains and we are spread across all of the suppliers.
Keith Jackson: That expansion we are very excited about it should fuel our growth for many years. We talked about the opportunity of doing well in north of $2 billion of revenue there. So we think that covers us and that's why we believe we will be able to save CapEx going forward.
Keith Jackson: Yes, the booking trends from China definitely picked up at the end of the first quarter and we are seeing that continue here in the second quarter. So we're encouraged that it may be their inventory correction period is past them.
Keith Jackson: It is and it is really in China seasonally we do normally see a pickup at this time. And so I would say that market is returning to more normalcy.
Keith Jackson: Actually we’ve seen what looks to be like a little inventory correction still going on there outside of China. And so our sub seasonal comments in the prepared remarks apply to the global area.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So it's too early to tell, John. My comment is, I think we will outgrow the industry and I actually didn’t give you an industry number. So we're confident about the numbers we're seeing from the design wins and feedback from our customers that we're going to have continued share gain this year. But it's too early for me to call a full-year.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think on that we’ve looked at past trends, and particularly the automotive and industrial segments when you do go through a softer market, they over correct. And again we compare the sellout rates from our customers and look at their selling rates to get that. Certainly, there could be some anticipation of softer numbers, but the dialogue that we’ve with them does not indicate that. It does indicate they're trying to work on their cash flows and make sure that they continue to perform on a cash basis.
Keith Jackson: We certainly are careful and watch that. But we look at the growth rates that we’ve talked about with electric vehicles with the industrial and with the power segment out there for solar and wind etcetera. The capacity that we see coming online over the next few years still looks to me to be a little less than the industry demands. We’ve commented that with all the activity you heard about we continue to have extended lead times in power. So we're actually feeling that we're in pretty good shape.
Keith Jackson: In some spots its coming a little. Most of the equipment was at a year kind of run rate and some of its now down in 9 or 10 month range, but it's nothing dramatic yet.
Keith Jackson: So in the -- it was down in the first quarter in the middle [indiscernible] and we expect that to be about the same in the second quarter.
Keith Jackson: Yes, that continues to be the automotive portion of the business. As you know, we were curtailing the consumer piece due to margin contribution and the automotive piece continues to grow for us. And so that's been a great growth story, but it's all automotive.
Keith Jackson: Yes. It's been well-received. Customers are looking forward to having a large supplier with the great technologies that content has and so Quantenna and so been very well received so far.
Keith Jackson: We think automotive will be slightly down to flat, so there's not much change there. Automotive might be down a little more.
Keith Jackson: No, let me start all over. Automotive is flat to slightly down, industrial is going to be slightly down.
Keith Jackson: So the answer is we’re seeing resales pick up noticeably and we expect our shipments in to be flat to down.
Keith Jackson: So I’m not sure the exact question there, but we see all of our businesses picking up in Q3. So generally that is a trend for us across the board.
Keith Jackson: We will expect to start seeing benefits from that the middle of next year as we start shipping volumes of products out of there, and then it will grow and increase as we increase the total amount we run in that factory for the next three years.
Keith Jackson: We would be expecting it to get back to normal range in the second quarter. And then we will continue to prudently manage that into the second half. So normally we do see it drop a bit in Q3 as demand picks up and then slightly up in Q4.
