Dan Janson: Thanks. Good morning and thank you for dialing into Fairchild Semiconductor’s fourth quarter and full-year 2011 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild’s President and CEO, and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. We will start today’s call with Mark Frey, who will review our fourth quarter financial results and discuss the current status of first quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally we will reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements on this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to generally accepted accounting principals. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction within GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to the comparable GAAP measures at the Fairchild – at the investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now I’ll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We’ll now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and to one follow-up. Thanks, and let’s take the first question, [Jodie].
Dan Janson: Hi, Terence, this is Dan. One of the thing I would add is that we also had a -- we didn’t originally in our guidance assume that there would be an impact from the Thailand flooding. At the time we got it, there wasn’t in Thailand flooding problem. So, that actually was a little bigger hit than we were expecting as we work through the quarter was about a 2% to 3% hit to revenue.
Dan Janson: Mike, I don’t know if I have that number at my disposal here. It’s a fairly significant part of the high-voltage business. Our high-voltage business as you know is about two-thirds of what PCIA is.
Dan Janson: Alright and its -- I don’t know that it’s probably a bit less than half of that high-voltage business, but it’s a pretty substantial portion. The rest being made up of industrial accounts.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mike. Okay with that we’re going to conclude our call. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So, Terence, the biggest delta from forecast and expectations was appliance in China. So, that was far and way the largest chunk. If you look at kind of the moving parts to that, the nature of POS is that it only -- you only really know what it is by the end of the quarter, and often the last week is very large. So, it is chronically difficult to forecast. To de-risk the plan, we readjusted build plans down quite substantially early in the quarter. And so, that’s how -- what the way it played out is we wound up having a big inventory decrease internally, but less so into the channel. So, again you’ve to – if you balance the thing, you add the two and we can partition it however, we want to partition it. If you look at the background to the weakness in appliance, there has been substantial incentive that the Chinese Government has put in place for buying particularly high-efficiency rated appliances. And it works -- the incentives works the same there as they do a replace cells, which is they don’t necessarily stimulate demand; they simply shift the timing of purchase. Those de-risk continued at the end of the first half, and there was talk back and forth, whether they will be renewed or not and they want it up for the second half not being renewed. And it took the key appliance OEMs a while to come to grips with that, and their systems aren’t as particularly their procurement and inventory management systems aren’t as sophisticated as some of the Western Company. So, it took a while for the scope of what needed to be done from their end to flow through back through distribution to us and that became clear during the fourth quarter. And so, we took according action. So, again if you look at the – our commentary, the build plans have been -- were aggressively reduced to try to take care of our estimate for the magnitude of the problem. They were most aggressively reduced in the high-voltage area, which again is why you saw a much larger selective impact to the PCIA numbers and in term why the high-voltage plans are well below the Company average of 70% utilization. So its – it really is quite heavily concentrated. And we think that the correction process should begin to reverse itself by the end of the current quarter.
Mark Thompson: So Parag, let me try to cover that – first the simple part, which is if you look at the – if you turn the 14 week quarter into a 13 week quarter, and then look at the mid point where its down 2% relative to the fourth quarter, which is exactly the seasonal average. So normally when we put our guidance together we both look at patterns of orders and backlog and so forth. We also look at history and then sort of align its history, and so that’s the way to look at that is typical seasonal. If you look at the sort of the strength and weaknesses, the strongest by far are for us in the first quarter will be mobile and automotive. Both of them currently look to be up sequentially from the fourth quarter, again, based on our strong and strengthening positions in those places. If you look at the opposite end of the spectrum, as I already commented, the appliance space we think, normally Q1 is a stronger quarter for appliance. We think that some of the inventory over hangs will probably prevents that from occurring. But we think we will be largely reconciling themselves by the end of the quarter. Computing is somewhere in the middle, in the sense that its – normally it’s a pretty weak quarter for computing. With that said, the – there is a lot of interest in the ultra book. And so there – the other thing is that the inventory is very clean there and so there were lot of aggressive actions that were taken by sort of the whole supply chain in the second half of 2011 and so we’re seeing – better than seasonal strength so far there both in terms of order rates and point of sale. So – and then the – as that we comment and we think solar which has been a big – it was a significant IGBT driver in the first half of 2011 and in 2010. We think we will likely stay dead at least through the first half then may be all year long. You know that hasn’t been big dollars, but it’s been a nice business. It was never more than $10 million a quarter and its now running at probably a third of that. As I said, we’ve no plan and we think that it will stay quite depressed. And then the large display area has been surprisingly strong as well. And so that had a pretty weak period last year, but again I think it was people took inventories down very, very aggressively and are now at the point where it’s sort of hand to mouth and there is a lot of new designs that are coming out and so that’s also stronger than seasonal for the first quarter. So those are hopefully the major elements of market commentary.
Mark Thompson: So in terms of pricing, the – we think that it’s going to be an average year in that regard. You know our – most of our business is under longer term contracts and so those are – those typically get renegotiated every six months and some cases every year. And so we don’t see sudden shifts either favorable or unfavorable in the way that, that plays out. So we think that – if you took a four or an eight quarter average for pricing and then laid it on top of 2012 that wouldn’t be – it would be a good estimate and Mark, why don’t you walk through the way to think about margins for the first half of 2012.
Mark Thompson: So – Craig, it varies a lot and I think by location. That if we look at the U.S for example, I think the inventory corrections are – or I’d say largely complete and I think probably the expectations are fairly close to equilibrium between sort of the take and the use. And if – at the opposite extreme, if you look in China we know that the OEMs there are, particularly, on the appliance side, are still aggressively reducing inventory and will likely continue to do that through the first – the first quarter. But right – but we think certainly by the second half of the first quarter more things should be in equilibrium than not and we would expect that to see turn into point of sale improvements. So, if you look at the rate at which the various indicators inflect, as Mark commented, the order rate has been – the rolling average for the order rate has been steadily increasing since October and is now in a very healthy state actually. If you look at point of sale there it tends to inflect by segments and so point of sale is inflecting on everything so far except for the appliance space and so that’s another non-regional way of looking at it. So if you combine those two things, you see that there is some residual correction remaining in the first quarter, but we think by the end of the first quarter things should be moving much more toward the equilibrium.
Mark Thompson: Okay. So if we look at the design win traction for us its very broad and sort of all the peripheral analog content and product management content that I highlighted really sort of in all the subsystems around the CPU, we do regulators interface, enable high-definition, battery charging and particularly switching charge management circuits for lithium-ion and so forth. If you look at tablet, the leading tablets look more like the phone that they were derived from than a notebook and that’s one of the reasons why we aggregate those together in a common business unit. We think that our growth in mobile will be in a very strong double-digit, probably in the 20% to 30% in 2012 versus 2011 assuming that the sort of end-market estimates are correct and I think they’re more likely to be than not. And if you look at tablets as a part of that, so that would put it somewhere in the low $300 million range for 2012. And if you look at tablet portion of that, it would be about 15%. So we think the total market, the total sales into tablets for us will be in the $40 million range during 2012.
Mark Thompson: So, if you look at our -- in an equilibrium setting we would always seek to run in that range where there’s little inventory as possible. So, it will never look exactly right in either the very peak or the very trough. So, we then tend to turn to dollars and look at our forward estimates. So, if I look at our current channel inventory versus where we think the end-markets will take demand in the middle of 2012, we’re probably still $10 million to $15 million heavy in terms of where we’d ideally want to be. We were supporting that level of business on about $200 million. We’re kind of $215 million, $216 million now. So – but that is heavily concentrated in the high-voltage space. So in fact, so again if you look as I commented, things roll-over at different times and they recover at different times. We're seeing very clear recovery everywhere except for the high-voltage and similarly our channel inventory is actually pretty close to 9 to 10 weeks even at the trough for most of our businesses. So, its really a concentrated fix that we've and that will be, as a big chunk of that of course is baked into our expectations for the first quarter and then maybe a little bit of trough in the second, but that’s kind of the moving parts on the channel.
Mark Thompson: So, the rough numbers as I commented on the channel, you know for the total company the channel is maybe $15 million above if it was perfect for the current state based on the overall outlook for 2012, probably $10 million of that is high-voltage in that range, you know these are rough numbers, but that’s a pretty good estimate based on what we know today.
Mark Thompson: So, if -- I mean the China demand is definitely down from what it was from its peak of the first half of 2011, but the consumption the pull from distribution is well below that level, so there’s sort of two notches to built into an outlook. The first one is the pure inventory effects and then the second one will be when does appliance use start to grow again in China. So, we wouldn’t try to call the second one, the first one we can model better and that’s reflected in my $10 million comment.
Mark Thompson: Yeah. So, traditionally Q1 into your point is the worst quarter of the year. And it can be down as much as five and even high single-digit percent from the fourth quarter. So, what we see is that so far the perspective on smartphone for 2012 is I think overall that is considerable unit versus typical and then more than overcome by design win activities on our part. So, that’s what goes into, so less than typical seasonality for at least the current crop of smartphones and then that being overcome by design wins on our part.
Mark Thompson: So, a couple of things, we don’t think that there is going to be any permanent share loss as long as the recovery fully occurs during the first quarter. There is probably in the opto-coupler space is the biggest impact, and we still think that’s probably $3 million to $5 million less than it could be if we had full supply for the year -- for the quarter. Again, that is on track to be back intact fully and we track that daily. The piece that has essentially fully recovered is the lead-frame piece for mobile. So, that impacted us in the fourth quarter, but we think we’re almost entirely recovered on that side.
Mark Thompson: I don’t expect that will be required. Inevitably, you’ll see some overall shift in the market, but as Dan commented, the drive through efficiency is increasingly legislated. So, you look at two sides of it, one is legislation, the other is incentive. The legislation will undoubtedly continue to push the mix towards high-efficiency systems. The incentives are -- as I commented earlier, they tend to take the same -- they have the same impact in China as they do in the rest of the world, which is they don’t really stimulate demand. They simply shift timing. So, if you’re thinking of -- if you’re going to buy something in the next 12 months, and there is an incentive program, you’ll buy it before the incentive program ends. So, to that extent, what it did is it moved demand from the second half of 2011 into the first half of 2011. Overall, one of the great shifts that’s going on in the world today is the emergence of a middle-class in places like China, India, Brazil etcetera, and those are all hot places, there is all need for modern appliances and there is all tremendous interest in energy-efficiency. And so, if you look at our Chinese customers as well as our Korean customers, very heavily those are global businesses as well. So, China has been one of the big markets. It’s a couple of quarter event, but the fundamentals are absolutely intact.
Mark Thompson: We don’t have incentive expectations in our outlook. There is speculation about whether or not China will put another one in place. Recovery doesn’t require one. And intact, frankly, I would hope that they wouldn’t because again all it does is they shift timing. What we’ll continue to see is legislation that will force systems to have certain levels of efficiency. And that will be a net benefit. And we think we’ll see movement in that direction particularly in China in 2012.
Mark Thompson: And to be clear, the utilization is still low, but it’s starting in February and March. It will be higher than we ran it in December.
Mark Thompson: Well, that will – it will actually dip slightly for a couple of quarters, and then the quarter before we commission the fab, which would probably be December of this year, it might blip up a billion or two. And so, roughly, no more than the run rate impact you’ve seen in Q1. And then the efficiencies from the fab obviously will come after we put it in service in to which we’re planning on 2013, early.
Mark Thompson: So, there is a couple of questions there, the Mountain Top, the previous Mountain Top strategy was not a foundry-based strategy, it was redistributing the loads elsewhere in the Company. So, the answer is no on that. We do have an active foundry strategy in our analog business where certain technologies, we rely on foundry partners and other technologies are supported in Portland, Maine. And what was the other…
Mark Thompson: However, we started this cycle with eight weeks of inventory. We started the ’08-’09 cycle with 12. So, we’ve significantly mitigated it, but nevertheless this was been a pretty painful demand correction we’ve seen.
Mark Thompson: Mike, I expect that, you know if you look at the pace of the emergence of the middle class and equipping themselves accordingly, its going to grow whether they stimulate it or not. And so, again the overall trajectory -- positive trajectory of that business is it doesn’t require any kind of stimulus at all. And it’s important to remember that the, well in general the appliance worldwide isn’t growing that rapidly. The penetration rate of fresh PC systems which really drive the efficiency is still very low you know maybe 20% in aggregate worldwide. So that conversion is going to drive growth for many years, almost regardless of what policy does. I certainly would hesitate to try to project China’s fiscal policy in 2012.
Mark Thompson: Well, we really liked our leadership positions are wonderful because you can continue to build on. And so if you look at what it takes to make a compelling for example an SPM solution which might have 15 to 30 chips in it. There is strength in the IGBTs themselves which of course are the power management device, there is strength and drivers, strength in the ICs, there is the application knowledge in terms of efficiently driving motors that – those drive schemes and the multi chip packaging capability itself is quite sophisticated the card – as the thermal management is very – it’s a complex system. And it’s one that is good as our current implementations are, there are many vectors that we’re continuing to improve them on. So we think it’s a great space and its one that’s going to be continue to become more important and we have a lot of confidence in our ability to maintain a leadership position there.
Mark Frey: Sure. Terence, I’ll handle that. And may be specifically with linear as the most prominent example, I think there is two things you should think of, number one, you can’t assess the business reconciliation on just two quarters. So, if you go back in time we were growing more earlier in the year whereas they were shipping less. So, if you go back actually where they previously peaked to December quarter their revenue will still be down more than ours. Secondly, just in terms of market sector exposure, they’ve a much higher exposure to auto, which has been less impacted and non-appliance industrial, I should say. And specifically China, about 77% of our sales are in Asia with a little less than half of that Mainland China, sorry, Greater China and almost the third of our sales are Mainland China. And the economic impact in that location has certainly been a lot more than even places like Europe. And therefore we’re happy where they’re from the long-term, but in the short-term, it’s pretty painful.
Mark Frey: Just to give you more clarity around the impact of lower utilization and profile for coming out of it, as you’re probably aware accounting requires you to time the impact of utilization slightly different way than the immediate loadings in the factory. So there is a delay effect. And you could see that actions in Q3 began to take margins down in Q4 and the margins remain low in Q1. Most of the accounting gets washed out in Q1, so for the same build plan that we’re planning for in our guidance in Q1 if we were doing that in the absence of the carryover effect from Q4, our margins would be in the 33% to 34% range. And obviously we think that would be then begin to ramp back up again to where we were before as we got our revenue above the $400 million run rate level.
Mark Frey: The OpEx question, we guided a mid-point of 97 on a 13 week basis that would be about 90. When you think about rolling that into Q2, add $2 or $3 million for -- we’ll probably have a merit action in April and the equity program will notch up a bit too. So – and obviously we’re going to maintain our spending in kind of the flattish mode until we see clear indications of the demand profile improving.
Mark Frey: We expect them to be up, but it depends on how demand moves in Q2 and obviously it’s a little early to be giving guidance on that.
Mark Frey: Suji, let me just add another point. So I think one of the things you have to keep in mind here is that, we know that there are some issues in China that we’re working through specifically in the appliance sector. Many of those issues were -- are the results of government policies to try to deal with inflation and try to avoid real-estate asset bubble. And we also know that China is trying to, remake growth at a faster rate. So we’re confident that; we’re in the right spots, we’ve got the right designs and ultimately in China people are going to buy more appliances. They are going to buy more room air-conditions, because it’s still going to get hot in the summer. And what we also know is that, that the Chinese government is very serious about energy efficiency. Anybody that spend any time over there especially in the summer knows they have a hard time keeping up with the vertical demand. So it wouldn’t make any sense for them to go, have a large number of very inefficient products being sold when there’s a much better option out there, and that’s really where our sweet spot is. So we kind of view this market as something that it needs to get through this period of correction, but ultimately we’re very excited about our exposure to China and the end-markets and the energy efficiency play that we kept going there.
Mark Frey: And existing regulations in most geographies have different targets for different years as they step in, so for example, Energy Star has raised the bar for next year. And I don’t know if you follow, but the State of California recently putout requirements for 2013 for not just energy-efficiency, but energy standby…
Mark Frey: …and the amount of current debt, a charger is allowed to draw when the battery is fully charged. So those are beneficial. Dan can certainly send you a schedule for the different regulations by geography and/or by country and where we see them going.
Mark Frey: Well, it’s more efficient to keep everything unloaded in January because you start the quarter with your carryover from Christmas and New Years in the West. And then you know, it’s an early Chinese New Year, so we schedule our shutdowns around the national holidays, and they are clustered in January. That’s been the pattern for a number of years. Then in February and March, we’ll begin to load them back up again.
Mark Frey: Well, June is seasonally up 4% to 5% for our businesses in general. And coming out of this cycle we’d have maybe more optimistic expectations for what that would mean. So, I think the way you approach that is, you take here the midpoint of our guidance, divide it by 14, multiply by 13 and that’s your March quarter base. And you ramp that up in June, accordingly. And I previously said what to expect for our margin progression on just the timing of the factory loads in – the December and the March quarter. So we think that’s definitely a step-up in the June quarter, but the ultimate amount is going to be how rapidly demand recovers.
Mark Frey: So, the question about seasonality is if you look at a 10% top-line growth rate, I mean it turns into a quarterly couple of percent improvement per quarter if you would linearize it, and I think the lesson is a reminder of what we already know is that a big correction will prompt a linear progression every time. And so, we’ve seen obviously very large adjustments in the overall system inventory, which basically eclipse our ability to be linear.
Mark Frey: Obviously we’re not saying anything about revenue in Q2 other than the direction indicators that we shared with you so far.
