Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.215 billion to $1.265 billion in the first quarter of 2017. Backlog levels for the first quarter of 2017 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated first quarter revenue. We expect inventory distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $60 million to $70 million in the first quarter of 2017. For the first quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 33.4% and 34.8% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of approximately 34% to 36%. Factory utilization in the first quarter is likely to be down sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $302 million to $330 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $31 million to $45 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $271 million to $285 million. We anticipate first quarter GAAP net other income and expenses, including interest expense, will be approximately $37 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $4 million to $6 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be approximately $33 million to $35 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the first quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $16 million to $20 million. First quarter cash tax payment is anticipated to be significantly higher than the remaining quarters of 2017, primarily due to the required timing of payments for prior-year's taxes for certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries. We expect full year 2017 cash paid for income taxes to be approximately 10% of 2017 non-GAAP pre-tax income. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $15 million to $17 million in the first quarter of 2017. Of which, approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the first quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately 424 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Forms 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Brian, please open the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: So, in general terms, as we have said, we are ahead of our plan in achieving synergies. And as just Keith said in the prepared remarks, we'll keep the ON legacy expenses pretty much in control and continue delivering the OpEx synergies as we have planned.
Bernard Gutmann: So, right now, we're guiding for the first quarter to go down. It will be going down to a midpoint of $278 million, which is $3 million less than in the first – in the fourth quarter total OpEx.
Bernard Gutmann: And from the revenue recognition, indeed, Chris, Fairchild is on a sell-in mode. We do not intend to change them to sell-through. As a matter of fact, we are in the process of continuing with our improvement in the way to estimate shipping trade and (26:07) at some point of time and we will announce it, we will convert the whole company to sell-in.
Bernard Gutmann: It was actually end demand. The inventories – distributor inventories for Fairchild products were flat quarter-over-quarter as compared to Q3.
Bernard Gutmann: So, in general terms, I don't expect any significant change. Our change in distribution inventory, which drove the sell-through adjustment, has been fairly moderate over the last several quarters. It normally – if you look at it historically, it has been a very modest amount. And as far as timing, we are still in discussions with our auditors. And as soon as we are ready, we'll announce it. I don't – I expect it to be somewhere in the first half of this year, but that's dependent upon us completing certain tasks.
Bernard Gutmann: We'll basically be updating you on that at the Analyst Day. Right now, what I can say is that, in the first quarter, our guidance is $278 million and it's down from the fourth quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: Yeah. We are pretty excited about the free cash flow opportunities. We think, again, we can be in that $500 million to $600 million. And obviously, the higher the better. But we are very confident with our prospects and the execution on Fairchild that we should be able to get definitely within that range.
Bernard Gutmann: We're still very confident about achieving the $160 million as we have been reiterating in our discussions. And as Keith said, we are a little bit ahead of pace, but definitely confident about the $160 million.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the bigger one in 2017 per se is the completion of the integration of our ERP systems towards the end of the year, and there is still some rationalization of some of the R&D expenses that we're going through. Those are the major two. As we've talked about in the prepared remarks, we should also start seeing some of the benefits on the COGS side for in-sourcing towards the end of the year, but it's mostly a 2018 phenomena.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure. So, we don't disclose a separate gross margin for Fairchild as we have now really totally integrated them within our numbers. But in general terms, when we look at it, it should be at or better than what we were expecting.
Bernard Gutmann: The drivers are the same that we have mentioned. It's the 50% follow-through on incremental revenue throughout the year. It's the mix changes as we continue shifting our production and our revenues towards higher gross margin areas, like automotive, industrial and com. It is also the benefit of the synergies that we're talking about the size and scale.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure, Ross. Thank you. So, our plan – our stated plan is to delever to a target of about two times net leverage, which pretty much should take us the brunt (49:41) of the next couple of years and we'll be aggressively pursuing it with the nice free cash flow that we should be generating every quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the blended interest rate is somewhere in the – our major tranche is the term loan B, which is LIBOR plus 3.25%. So, it's about 4%. All the others are at about or lower than that. So, in general terms, close to 4%.
Bernard Gutmann: So, if you do it with the pro forma for the – for Fairchild on a full year basis and the synergies, you're looking at somewhere under three times on the net leverage.
Keith D. Jackson: On the revenue side, one of the things to watch is the increased content as a percentage on the wireless side. So, there is still going to be some seasonality that looks consumer-like, but we think it's going to be much more moderated. So, the first quarter, as you can see, a little less than 2% sequential. You should still see strong growth in the second and third quarters. And then, the fourth quarter should be approximately flat. So, it'll have some additional content from the handset side, but in general will be much more muted in the first quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We are seeing an improved environment, little less pressure out there. We still do our annual contract renegotiations in the first quarter, so there's still some ASP pressure. But as far as the relative performance, it's much lighter than it's been than the last year. So, our pricing has typically been down 1% to 2% per quarter. And as that lessens, of course, it would help us significantly on our gross margin expansion.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Our automotive portion grew in excess of 25% last year. The declines were all coming out of the consumer and the consumer-like applications. We expect most of this, if not all of this, to be behind us in the first quarter. So, you should see overall market results going forward.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. On the better seasonality, in the fourth quarter, really saw a little more strength than normally Fairchild sees in that handset segment and broadly based in their distribution businesses.
Keith D. Jackson: So, those are very broad based comments. We're seeing that broadly. I will say that very strong feedback coming from the industrial side of the business where the combined company now has some pretty significant leverage, also from the communications sector and, to a lesser extent, the automotive sector.
Keith D. Jackson: The distribution side, certainly, I think is a significant opportunity, but across all market segments. So, it's not limited to a specific segment. Relative to what we've seen so far on upsides, I would say the handsets and industrial would be the two leading areas.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Clearly, content gains, on the rapid charging front, we see that globally. We also saw Fairchild picking up significantly in the China-based handsets over previous cycles. And so, those two factors together are providing upsides.
Keith D. Jackson: We normally do see modest uptick in distribution inventories in the first quarter, as they prepare for second quarter and third quarter ramps. It is – it's not substantial, but it could be up by 1% or so in a normal environment. Their motivation – very much, they're driven now by the return on working capital. And so, I think there is a lot of discipline out there to prevent overstocking. And right now, I think you'll see the economic trends maybe plus a little bit in the first half, but nothing more significant than that.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. It's not significantly down, but it is down. We have – we take the opportunity frankly to do maintenance on the facilities during Chinese New Year. That takes a little bit of the capacity out while we're doing that.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, it should be our strongest area, and we're looking for something in the high-single digit growth rate for the year.
Keith D. Jackson: So, on the auto side, yes, we do get to see those in advance and we continue to be excited by our building backlog there on the design win inventory. So, things should continue strengthening into 2018. And on the tax rate question, we have said in the past and continue stating that our tax rate will inch itself to about 10% to 12%. So, in 2018, we'll be probably a little bit higher than 10%.
Keith D. Jackson: So, you know what? It's relevant and we were roughly flat last year. And basically, what we did was we were drawing from the consumer portions of the image sensor business and that was offset by growth in the rest of core ON. And so, that led to kind of the flattening for the totals. What we actually see is continued share gain in the markets that we're pursuing, and I would expect that shift as we mentioned in the image sensor piece to be over this year. So, you should see us growing at faster than the overall semiconductor market rates.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah, they are. We believe we've been winning about 70% of the ADAS cameras for the new platforms based on the design win feedback we get from our customers. And we believe that, that portion of the market again will be growing greater than 25% a year. So, we're expecting extremely strong growth from cameras. The exact number of cameras per car is going to vary by model line and location around the world, but a 25% kind of increase per year is a great baseline to use.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, we clearly are getting things earlier. We uncover more opportunities as we go along and I would expect, at the right time, we'll be increasing that number.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We have seen no inventory backup in that area. And a part of the perhaps a little better Q1 seasonality than normal is because there wasn't the normal clog up in the China market.
Keith D. Jackson: On the wireless charging side, certainly, we are seeing more interest on the high end phones and some rumors of maybe some major platforms. I'm afraid we're going to have to wait for those announcements to say more.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, we think we've got an opportunity for about $25 to $30 per server. And for us, it will be all share gains since there was no prior participation. We do see design wins there. I think it's too early to call market share overall, but we should see some nice growth this year in that server area.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, they're coming across very broadly. So, in many cases, you do have sales teams that had exposure to different portions of our customers' business, and that's having a positive impact. In some cases, just our ability to deal with the distribution market was stronger, helping the Fairchild side out. And in many of our industrial customers, they were perhaps more of a Fairchild long-term customer now getting exposure to the offers – offerings from ON has created opportunities. So, it's very broad based and, as we said, very encouraging after the first quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: No, we're not. We're definitely not seeing worse than normal. I think it has the potential to be slightly better than normal.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Our – actually, our post Chinese New Year activity picked right back up to where it was pre Chinese New Year, so very solid and encouraging for not only this quarter, but the buildup for Q2.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Normally, those perturbations are really tactical. There are not so much design win. But where you're sharing market share, you'll pick up a little bit more, if one of your competitors have some pickups. And I would put it more in that category rather than a real design change.
Keith D. Jackson: Normally, we do see a pickup in Q2 and a little bit in Q1. So, usually, first half is a little stronger than second half for industrial. I do think that market itself is growing moderately from a GDP perspective. But we should see some customer gains for the synergies we talked about on the revenue line.
