Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details of guidance for the third quarter, let me draw your attention to the changing seasonality of our business. As mix of our business has shifted towards automotive, industrial and white goods, which now comprise of approximately 55% to 60% of our total revenue, the seasonality of our business is much more balanced between the first half and the second half of the year. The impact on seasonality for the second half of the year is further compounded by moderation in historically strong second-half seasonal patterns for computing and consumer markets due to secular trends. Therefore, the impact of seasonality for the second half of the year in our business will likely be minimal as compared to historical trends, and our guidance for the third quarter is indicative of changing seasonality of our business. Now for third quarter 2014 outlook. Our guidance for the third quarter does not include any contribution from our pending acquisition of Aptina Imaging. I must point out that a comparison between our guidance and consensus number for the third quarter may be challenging, as consensus numbers include a few estimates that incorporate contribution from Aptina in the -- for the third quarter. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $765 million to $795 million in the third quarter of 2014. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2014 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter 2014 revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the third quarter of 2014 will be down by approximately 1% to 2% as compared to the second quarter of 2014. We expect inventory at distributors to rise on a dollar basis. We expect our total capital expenditures of approximately $55 million to $65 million in the third quarter of 2014. For the third quarter of 2014, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 35.6% to 37.6% and non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 35.9% to 37.9%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $184 million to $196 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to be approximately $14 million to $16 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $170 million to $180 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million to $11 million for the third quarter of 2014, which include noncash interest expense of approximately $2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $8.5 million to $11 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $6.5 million to $8.5 million. Cash taxes are expected to be higher for the third quarter as compared to the second quarter due to the timing of certain cash payments which were pushed out into the third quarter from the second quarter. This pushout results in a headwind of $0.01 to our third quarter non-GAAP EPS as compared to the second quarter. Beyond the third quarter, we expect our cash taxes to normalize in the range of approximately $5 million to $7 million per quarter for the near term. We also expect share based compensation of approximately $11 million to $13 million in the third quarter of 2014, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2014 is expected to be approximately 444 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our annual -- in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Rachel, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: It was approximately $13 million of revenue in the second quarter. And we expect it to be in the $19 million to $20 million in the third.
Bernard Gutmann: So we remain committed to buying back the amount that we have out there. And obviously, as we mentioned in the prepared script, we had to halt our trading due to the impending Aptina Imaging acquisition. That is obviously now out in the air, in the public, so that basically gives us the opportunity to continue resuming. And we plan on exhausting that plan, as we have said in the past.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. In general, we don't expect a significant change. We just have to look at the number of days in the quarters that, in Q4, I think we have a few more days. Other than that, it should be in line with what we have for the third quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, I think that we continue increasing the share outside of Japan. Although in this quarter, consumers in Japan were a little bit stronger, so the numbers are very similar to what we communicated last time.
Bernard Gutmann: No, we don't have a specific goal. We do continue with our focus outside of Japan, but there's no specific goal.
Bernard Gutmann: For the most part, the $4 million from the -- in COGS from the quarter KSS. The OpEx reduction are, for the most part, is done. There is a few drips and drabs, but nothing material.
Bernard Gutmann: So we should be seeing a slow burning of that 6 days of inventory, as we have concluded the restructuring of the factories. And for rest of the business, it'll probably stay around the same days except for that bridge reduction.
Bernard Gutmann: Actually, for this quarter, we were breakeven at EBIT level and just a few hundred thousand loss at net income. And we should be accretive for the third quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Of course. We do expect continued growth into that business segment. We expect the 360 -- excuse me, $160 million kind of range per quarter as you get into 2015, but to remain in the $150-plus million range throughout the rest of this year.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we have not seen the order falloff that we normally see as a cycle peaks, and so we're encouraged by the continued strength of new orders. I do think from a -- we're seeing seasonality. And maybe the seasonality has changed, where it's a bit more muted second half over first half. So our expectation, I guess, would be a little better Q1 and a little less growth in Q3, with Q4 being kind of flattish is still a normality there. But we're just not seeing a big falloff in the order patterns like we normally see before the market turns over.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So our distribution sector continues to forecast growth into the second half. As we mentioned, we did shift the more total dollars in the second quarter, but the resales increased at a faster pace. So the net of it is less weeks of inventory, and that's normally how they manage their business. So we expect the second half to continue strong and be increased over the first half.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we're seeing good growth in our China handset makers offsetting some of the more public lack of growth other places. And just in general, see continued growth of the smartphone segment at the expense of other cellphones. So the net of that is good for us. We have more content. And we believe we've got much better positions in the folks that are growing in the third quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Air conditioners, from a dollar content, is still much larger for us. And so what we've got in some of the other applications like induction cooking and refrigerators is a very high rate of growth from a small base. And in the air conditioner side, we are seeing good growth, but it's from a very large base.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So we have already begun to qualify and transfer products over there. I expect to be in manufacturing next year, so nothing this year, with basically CMOS, ICs and some of our discrete MOSFETs.
Keith D. Jackson: So very competitive costs. In fact, I would say there -- I don't know that we've done the calculation on margin changes, but they would continue to provide competitive costs for us. From a volume perspective, next year, it adds another roughly 10% of our 200-millimeter wafers.
Keith D. Jackson: That's still a mystery to me, Tristan. It continues to get leaner. Some of the recent data I just looked at says it is at its leanest point in a couple of years now after the second quarter. So the question is how much longer can that go on? I am not sure. If there's, I guess, moderate end economy growth, it can continue a little longer. But again, I don't know where the practical limits are. It's got to break at some point.
Keith D. Jackson: I think I'll have to take them separately. The industrial market seasonally is down in the second half. So certainly it won't be sequentially up as much, but year-on-year, it should still be running very close to the direction we've been headed. And I would say the same thing is true for automotive and handsets. So if you're doing a year-on-year comparison, that should continue, but sequentially, it won't be quite as strong as you saw in the second quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So I will -- we'll say we're in different factories than Spansion is, so I can't, of course, comment on them. But we don't see any issues with the factory that we've done the JV on. The JV does allow for ownership changes over time. But where that goes, we don't have a clear idea right now.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So lead times were around 10 weeks. That is not a big change. We do have certain products that have some constraints, and those are in the back end. But it's really relegated to a very specific product lines and is not broad-based.
Keith D. Jackson: No, we still like the economics of the 200-millimeter for the types of products we do, and so we don't have a timetable for changing.
Keith D. Jackson: We, I mean, obviously, are feeling pretty good. Orders continue to grow. But part of that, as we mentioned, is the full quarter of Truesense. So it's not all just organic.
Keith D. Jackson: So that will be next year's -- in next year's revenue growth. Again, we won't get any wafers out of it this year. But next year, it should enable us to get some significant growth in our CMOS and MOSFET areas. So I don't know that I can give you a specific number from a revenue perspective, but it does allow us to get another 10% of our 200-millimeter wafers.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we manage for profits. And so we're not anti or for any specific market, we just like getting returns. So after we close, we'll see the situation and see what directions we need to take.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we have been -- I guess, if you look at the pattern we've set, we're really looking at bringing in new technologies to the company that have content specifically where we think there's good margins and good growth. The absolute just acquisitions for consolidation purposes have not been on the radar screen.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Yes, so the second half should be stronger than we've seen in the first half. That is the normal seasonality. I mentioned that we grew about 10% in Q2 versus Q1 on our Vcore, and that is really the mix of processors that is being sold and our share gains on that. We expect that to continue into the second half. And then relative to the balance of the business with the MOSFETs, et cetera, again, we just manage that for profit. So net-net, we expect to be outgrowing the market. And, from a gross margin perspective, continuing to increase our margins from that sector.
Keith D. Jackson: So on a business unit basis, our Standard Products Group has the highest concentration of distribution at a little over half of their business.
Keith D. Jackson: So yes, in the actual Q2, it was the white goods segment and the handset markets that did most of the sequential changes. We like both of those through the rest of the year, but we also see some growth as we get into the second half on the more traditional industrial side with motor control.
