Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, this is Hassane. Not all capacity is fungible, obviously. So what we're doing is we've been very cautious in our inventory management. You've seen our inventory go down in days. We're focusing our inventory on the strategic inventory in our core business and silicon carbide and fab transition. So that will remain that side of the utilization is full. But as we see the softening in the economic and that said, our cautious outlook on the macro, which is built into our guide, we're taking down -- we're taking measures as part of our resilience of our model that we've been talking about in good and bad times. And these are kind of the things we're focusing on to get through this and come out stronger.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane. Look, I don't know about getting better or worse. They're non-core. We've always said a lot of that business are the areas we want to exit. So we're taking utilization down part of our -- that strategy. It's not going to have an impact on margin from a dilutive side, because I've always said and I've been very firm even on these call’s prior, we're not going to chase that pricing down. We are planning on exiting that business. And therefore, you shouldn't expect any dilution on the margin because of it.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Look, I've always said the strength of our silicon carbide starts with technology. And when I talk about technology, devices and packages, we have differentiated solutions that matter at the end system, meaning it translates into longer battery, longer range, whatever tuning the OEM would like for that specific platform. So that's consistent, that's now proven in the results that we've seen already, beyond what we projected, but also in the outlook that we've said. And you're right, the first disclosure that I put is, I've always said we're going to double our silicon carbide in '20. I changed that to triple in ’22 based on the trends that we're seeing already, even in the second quarter. So, we're going to exit 2022 at a higher run rate than we expected. And then we're going to continue that growth in '23, which leads to the updated number that I've given on the $1 billion in '23. Now on the $4 billion, that's a mix of existing customer that started ramping, came back and for its traditional platform on LTSA and some of them extended the LTSA, but also within the quarter, we have extended the LTSAs with new customers and new platforms. So, it is broad, it's geographically and its customer diverse. And some of it includes OEMs directly and that's the level of strategic partnerships we have had. About 90% of it is automotive and then you saw me talk about the solar side of it or the renewable energy side, where we've also had LTSAs with the top 7, that's a slower ramp, obviously than automotive. But nevertheless, that keeps pushing. So, 90% of automotive strength and stickiness because of our technology across the board. And of course, we can underestimate the end-to-end capability we have for the supply assurance.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, our capital intensity already has a lot of the expansion that we talked about. I've always said we're going to exit this year with a quadrupling of our substrate capacity after the GTAT acquisition. We're on track of doing that. That's going to fuel the growth in the subsequent years. And, of course, as we put that capacity online, the percent of internal is going to keep increasing into what we want, which is the majority internal. We're always going to have an external component of it, because we don't build capacity for a max peak of a ramp. We build capacity for a steady state. So we're going to use external substrate if we need to flex during a ramp. But other than that, I would expect the majority will be from our internal, and that's already accounted in our CapEx numbers.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look -- this is Hassane. In the short term, obviously, those are the headwinds that we're offsetting through efficiencies that we have internally. I talked about new products ramping, show new products ramping outside of silicon carbide are accretive to gross margin. So we have a lot of these -- and I always said thousands of line items that we keep working on in order to offset that. And over a longer time, that's going to take itself out with silicon carbide ramping. The dilution effect will get less and less as we ramp into that capacity. And the same thing with EFK, where our foundry business to GLOBALFOUNDRYS will be reduced year-over-year at quarter after quarter, which will reduce that headwind. So in the short term, it's operational efficiencies that we are driving and longer term is structural as we grow into it. And while we do that, we're navigating the market like you've seen us do using utilization very carefully to balance between utilization and inventory building.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, that's a very good question because that's something I look at internally. So, from the unit's perspective, you can't really linearize the units because a lot of the things we have been exiting also when we talk about not just the noncore market, but also nondifferentiated products, a lot of it is that very, very high volume very, very low ASP business that we have been exiting, which some of it is going into automotive. So, from a unit decline, I review that, the only thing I look at that is how to balance the manufacturing into our fab lighter strategy. So that's one thing here. But a lot of the new products that we are shipping are higher ASP, but not as much volume. Think about IGBT modules, think about silicon carbide module, much higher ASP and much lower volume. The second part of the growth is, if you compare the EVs built back into, if I go back to '18, if you want to do that as the baseline, EV units are much, much higher percent of total units built than they were three years ago, even when they were last year. So, a lot of that is the content. Then of course, you have the pricing stuff, which I've always said is, some of it is we're pricing ourselves out of the market and that's the stuff we're not going to chase down and that's sustainable as far as margin, not sustainable from a price perspective, and that's expected. But the price-to-value discrepancies that we have been doing is sustainable. And the way I monitor that is, one, the LTSAs that customers are signing, which includes volume and price over the length of the LTSA. And even on my prepared remarks, I talked about customers coming in and wanting to extend those LTSAs beyond the original time line that they had.  And LTSA is not about image sensor or silicon carbide or highly constrained, it's some of them have 200 parts from ON Semi. So, customers are valuing the whole portfolio, they're valuing where we are economically, even with the price-to-value discrepancies because we started way below market and that is sustainable, one from the LTSA side; and two, I know kind of a feel of where we are versus the market, and we're not an outlier.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. From -- look, from a supply/demand perspective, hard to make silicon carbide and it sure is hack harder to scale it at the pace we are scaling it. Based on the acceleration of the EV penetration into total vehicles made, we do see, and I think that our comment is supported by some of the industry analysts out there; silicon carbide is going to remain constrained in the foreseeable future. And that's why our focus is on investing heavily into that capacity, ramping that capacity as hard as we can and supporting our LTSA customers and that's the reason we -- you've seen an increase in LTSA customers that are signing up with committed revenue, because they want to get that capacity, they want to have us invest in that capacity so we are there when they need to ramp versus them having to scramble. The last thing they want is announce EV aspirations and not have the main event that drives the car. So we're working with our customers to support their EV ramps. And we do that through LTSAs, and we do that through heavy investments in order to increase the pace. That's what we need.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, one thing you sure have taught me is external reports are accurate backwards looking, not so much forward-looking. The numbers, I'm putting together, and I'm sure some of my peers do that. Our bottom -- for us, I can speak specifically, their bottoms-up number. They are numbers that are under long-term supply agreements. And remember, we always talked about those are committed revenue. I don't talk about funnel. I don't talk about projections of what conversion is going to be. These are long-term supply agreement. Contractual documents between us and the customer, stating by year and some of them by quarter about what the rent profile and we have identified vehicle platforms that we're working on with the customer where that silicon carbide is going to go into. So from the onsemi side, I can speak very comfortably about the ramp that we are seeing because that's what we're working on. Now from what derisks, the ramp and the market in general is the geographical and the customer/platform, the diversity that we have engaged in, where if there is one model that doesn't ramp the way they expect, there will be another model that will ramp faster than they expect. Because for us, the LTSA, especially the ones with an OEM are at an OEM level, not necessarily at a model level. So that's how we balance the risk. A lot of the strategics that we are working with, we always look at overall capacity from a battery perspective because that will be kind of the secondary bottleneck. A lot of these OEMs have committed battery capacity and they've made their own disclosures, so I won't comment on that. So from a ramp perspective, it is ahead of where we even thought, there is an acceleration of silicon carbide that we have seen in our current revenue and have seen outlined in our projection with the long-term supply agreements, but we are ready for it and our customers have everything else they need to ramp up that volume.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I'll give you -- I've been very straightforward about this. There's two components of this. I'll talk with the easiest one first. We've always been very straightforward and direct about the fact that in non-core business that we plan to exit, we price ourselves out of the market. That's one way to exit that business is by pricing yourself out of the market. So that I would say, if that's where you're hearing it from, that would be true. And there is -- it's not a risk of losing business. It's the intent of losing the business, and we've had that intent, and we even disclosed it in our prepared remarks of how much we lost and how much we intend on losing. So that's one side of it. The other side, which is more on the value strategic, as I talk about the price-to-value discrepancy, I don't think there's a risk of losing that business, especially with the fact that a lot of these products, the value products that we supply to our customers. After the price actions that we've taken, we still remain committed to them, and we have them under LTSAs with our customers. That tells you that our pricing is not out of line. Otherwise, why would the customer want to sign up for it, one. And two, why would they want to come back and extend that? Now relative and it's all relative, maybe the percent that you hear that we've raised higher may be higher than as a percent than some of our peers have done. I don't know what they've done. I don't know what they've done. I don't know what talk is in the market, but you also have to remember where we started from. In a lot of areas, and I have that data that we're acting on, we have been pricing way below market. So getting it back to market, maybe a bigger percent, but it doesn't mean that you're above market and the data and the commitments from our customers prove that from an external view.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I will maintain my policy of not commenting on specific customer engagement or customer ramps. So I'll leave it at that.
Hassane El-Khoury: Let me put it this way. We have enough data, and we've been in this business for long enough to have a very solid baseline and a very solid learning, call it, slope. Whether it's yield, whether it's growth, whether it's ramp, et cetera, I'm very, very comfortable with our commitments to our customers. With, I would say, the way we look at it is equal upside, downside. I'm not concerned about that. My main focus is not on the technology and what the technology is outputting, right now, it is having -- putting the equipment in place, ramping that equipment, and we've done a great job at that so far, and we're going to continue to do that. But the biggest thing for us is ramping the baseline that we've already established. We have a great product and very good yield that is going -- that has been and already is in production.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. And I'm not worried about the metrics. I personally review those metrics. I'm a technology person other than a CEO, and we have a solid outlook with the solid financials that said projected.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. We delivered outstanding results in the second quarter and I again want to thank our worldwide team for their commitment to excellence as we execute to our strategy. While we have exceeded our expectations, we are nowhere near the full potential of ON Semi. With accelerating growth in our silicon carbide  megatrends we are on a path to deliver sustain above-market revenue and earnings growth. We look forward to seeing you at various investor events during the quarter. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, we're in our targeted range of 48% to 50% in our guidance. I noted that they got a headwind of 100 to 200 basis points resulting from silicon carbide. As Hassane mentioned, the silicon carbide is ramping faster than we anticipated even 90 days ago, and that's causing a dilutive impact. Silicon carbide products at scale are at or above the corporate average. So we're comfortable that we'll continue to achieve our goals there is primarily just the lumpiness of bringing capacity on and supporting that growth that gives us a headwind here. But we are still very happy that we can maintain margins at this level within our target range as we ramp silicon carbide. And by the way, bringing utilization down slightly to offset some of the inventories that Hassane talked about as well. So I think, again, that shows the resilience in the model.
Thad Trent: Well, look, we think we're -- again, we're in our range, right? We think we're there. There'll be some puts and takes over the next few quarters. We think we'll be able to maintain that range plus or minus. But I would call this kind of the rate at which you should be modeling.
Thad Trent: Yeah. So this is Thad. Let me take those in reverse order. So EFK comes online in 2023. So you're not going to see an impact in Q3 and Q4, obviously. As we bring on the fab, the -- we'll be providing foundry services to GLOBALFOUNDRIES for the next three years, which will wind down. As we've said, there is revenue associated with that foundry agreement, which is low margin. You can think about it as being foundry margins in the mid to high single digits range. You can think about for 2023 is that being a headwind of somewhere around 40 to 70 basis points on a quarterly basis. And that's the impact of that. The rest of it, we feel like we can offset. And, obviously, we get the efficiency of a better cost structure as we move more and more products into that fab over time as well. On the silicon carbide, as I said, 100 to 200 basis points of headwind. It is a little lumpy depending on the revenue and the timing of the equipment. We do believe we can keep the margins in this range of 48% to 50% for the next several quarters. Even with that headwind, you may see it move around a little bit, plus or minus 50 basis points here and there, but we think we can be in that tight range even offsetting those margins. But it doesn't necessarily linear from this point to 200 basis points, it's a little more fluctuation. And like I said, you'll see a little bit of fluctuation on the gross margin line, but we don't think it's material, and we think we can offset it with other efficiencies.
Thad Trent: No, no. Yeah. No, we believe we can offset it with other gross margin expansion initiatives in our fab lighter strategy. So even though it's a headwind, we feel like we can still maintain our margins in this range.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, I don't think anything really changes with our capital opportunity. We continue to invest back in our businesses, R&D, CapEx and obviously investing for our long-term growth. So, that's our number one priority. We've always said we want financial flexibility for M&A if there's some opportunity out there for us on that, that fits our model. And then we would return cash to shareholders through the buyback. We will obviously pace each of those, depending on the requirements. We've got a lot of CapEx requirements over the next several quarters. So, we will be very disciplined when it comes to the capital allocation.
Thad Trent: Yes, good question. So, we've got roughly around -- roughly $600 million left to exit. We've always said that would be market-driven. We're pricing that in a position that as capacity comes back on and it's the price sensitive part of our portfolio that we would likely exit it. We haven't been exiting as fast as what we anticipated. Originally, we thought we'd exit about another $300 million in the latter half of this year. We think we're probably going to exit about half of that. So, roughly about $150 million between Q3 and Q4. And then that obviously leaves a big slug for us next year as well in 2023. If the market gets softer faster, we could exit that faster. We've always said faster is better for us. We'll right-size our manufacturing and reallocate that capacity into automotive and industrial. But you can expect roughly kind of even, I think, $75 million a quarter between Q3 and Q4.
Thad Trent: Yes. That margin is, when we exited last quarter, I think it was about 34% margin. You can think about most of that today is kind of being in the low 40% range.
Thad Trent: Yes. The silicon carbide, as we've said is, at or above the corporate average gross margin at scale. We believe for the next several quarters, we're going to have the headwinds of 100 to 200 basis points. But I think if you think about late next year, we will – that headwind should be behind us and we will be achieving those gross margin targets at that time.
Thad Trent: Yeah. Look, when we think about the guidance going forward, we believe that auto and industrial continue to be supply constrained. So we believe that auto is up more than our guidance. We think that industrial is flat to up, and we think the other markets are potentially down, and that's the conservative our guide there. We don't break out between those various markets. They're not strategic to us. And part of where we're seeing the softness is the non-core business that we're hoping to exit. So if that does get softer faster, that could allow us to exit even quicker.
Thad Trent: All of our startup costs are in our non-GAAP results. So we don't exclude anything. That's the headwinds.
Matt Ramsay: Thank you very much for squeezing me in guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask on the silicon carbide business. As you get to sort of this $1 billion in scale and continue to scale beyond that, Hassane, you mentioned that this is going to be sort of a historically quick volume ramp of a new technology that's no doubt complicated to get to yield and to scale. So what I would like to understand a little bit more about how your agreements with your customers. Obviously, if there's upside to your ability to scale yields and volumes then great, you'll be able to fulfill all that. But is there any sort of, I don't know what the right term would be, risk sharing in some of these agreements in case the yields maybe don't come through as you guys planned? It's great that you're winning all this business. I'm just trying to figure out how you might risk mitigate some of the volume ramps and the yield ramps as this technology scale. Thanks.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks for that. That's great to hear. I think, from my conversations anyway, I think that's the sort of the last hurdle to get investors across is just the confidence in those metrics.
Matt Ramsay: Thanks very much. A quick follow-up for that. I got a couple of questions this morning on the receivables and DSO lines jumping up a bit in the quarter, if you had any context there. I'd appreciate it. : Yes, absolutely. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we recovered the -- from the China lockdown. So, if you look at our revenue for the quarter, it wasn't linear because of that. So, it was very back-loaded, which caused AR to go up and DSO to go up. But it's temporary just as it takes time to collect that cash. But natural in terms of -- if you look at the slope of linearity throughout the quarter being back-end loaded. Don't expect that to continue now that we fully recovered that revenue and from the China lockdowns, and we're not seeing any impact going forward, knock on wood here. But that's the reason. It's purely temporary.
