Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Our guidance for the first quarter of 2020 does not include the impact from potential supplychain disruption resulting from prevailing coronavirus crises. As we indicated earlier, we are diligently monitoring the situation, but at this time, we don't have enough information on potential impact on our business from this rapidly evolving crisis. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1,355 million to $1,405 million in first quarter of 2020. For first quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 33.7% to 34.7%. The quarter-over-quarter decline in first quarter gross margin is driven primarily by annual contract pricing reset. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $357 million to $377 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be $30 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $327 million to $343 million in the first quarter. The anticipated quarter-over-quarter increase in GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses is primarily driven by acceleration of process transfer activity at our 300mm fab, resumption of variable compensation accrual for 2020, and end of tactical expense control measures in fourth quarter of 2019. We anticipate first quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $38 million to $41 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $29 million to $31 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in first quarter of 2020 is expected to be $14 million to $18 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $125 million to $145 million in first quarter of 2020. We are currently targeting an overwhelming proportion our CapEx for enabling our 300mm fab at an accelerated pace. We expect our CapEx intensity to subside in the latter half of the current year. We also expect share based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in first quarter of 2020, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for first quarter of 2020 is expected to be 418 million shares and our non-GAAP diluted share count is expected to be 413 million shares, based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sydney, please open the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: So, a couple of comments. Thank you, Ross. We do expect greater than 50% fall through as revenue resume normal seasonality patterns in the second quarter as we mentioned in the call. We also have certain one-off transitionary items that affected us mix wise and factory-wise that we expect to subside by the end of the first quarter, and that will also allow us to grow at better than 50% fall through in the second quarter. Also, let me remind you that we have about probably 30 to 40 basis points improvement starting in the second quarter due to the elimination of the low margin OSA contract. So -- and as we mentioned, we are exploring the sale of our six-inch facility in Belgium, which eventually will also result in some very nice tailwinds for our gross margin. We are quite confident about our secular drivers for growth on the top line in automotive, industrial, and 5G. So, we expect to see some pretty good resumption of our growth, and furthermore we do feel very good about how the qualification is going at the 300 millimeter fab, which will also be a tailwind as we move further into 2020 and 2021.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we have that laid out for 2022. We are still absorbing the Quantenna OpEx, which is higher than what we had been running , so that has been the reason for being higher. Definitely taking out 25 million should help us get closer by the end of 2020, but we should be looking at 2021 before we can get to that 21% level.
Bernard Gutmann: So, we're not getting into a lot of those details, but I can say that the mix between -- like the underutilization/depreciation versus the one-off items is about half and half.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So, Chris, we're looking at a similar arrangement that we've made both in Gresham and East Fishkill where we find an interested party, who will be renting the facility as we exit it, and so that's a sales situation you don't encounter any kind of exit costs that you're referring to.
Bernard Gutmann: Again, if you take the 50% fall through or better than 50% fall through, we should be able to get back to those levels in the rest of the year for 2020.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as you know, we have a good amount of our annual contracts for OEM that are reset once per year, so we see as a result of that once per year bigger impact. Our characterization is that the contract pricing has been pretty normal as compared to historical trends.
Bernard Gutmann: We definitely need revenue increases to help us absorb that underutilization. So, if we have normal seasonal patterns, we should see some goodwill recovery in the second quarter and beyond.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, so a couple of comments there. One of them is we did also reduce inventories in the quarter, and the second thing, our mix of external versus internal overt more towards external, which hasn't helped us has caused the underutilization to be bigger, and that was based on the mix of products we had the demand for.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, we said that these transitionary items should last Q4 and Q1, and after Q1 the most part disappear.
Bernard Gutmann: We think so, we don't know for sure, but our expectation is by the second quarter and definitely by the back half of the year it should be done.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, thank you. So really the story there, you've seen the weakness in industrial which is our highest margin businesses in the company. At the same time, we had unexpected strength in a consumer segment. It is a segment that we were controlling pretty tightly but we had some very strong demand for both Q4 and Q1 of 2020 deliveries. We have now taken the steps we need to dramatically change the profile there and expected to not continue past Q1 from a margin inhibitor. So we do expect if you get Q2 onwards, you'll see continued reduction in the consumer profile and increase in the industrial.
Bernard Gutmann: So in general terms, when we said is the inventories increased but we're still within our comfort zone, we like to operate at. I can't comment definitely on the customer programs, but they were differently linked, some of the increases were linked to those programs.
Bernard Gutmann: They're the same that we have enumerated in our analyst day, they fall through an incremental revenue definitely plays a significant role and that was definitely a headwind in 2019 and expect that that will resolve itself with better macros in the rest of the planning period. So, we expect to get back into a nice growth rate which will help us get some pretty good growth rates. The structural changes we're making in manufacturing as well as the ramping of the 300-millimeter fabs should help us achieve the 130 or more basis points that will come from manufacturing cost savings, the secular growth drivers where we're expecting to grow faster in high margin end markets is also a contributing factor that should be fairly gradual over time again as we mentioned in the short-term, we took some step back with this one-off consumer thing but in the long-term, we expect the mix to continue being -- continue being a significant contributing factors, and we will continue doing the portfolio managing, which has allowed us to divest on certain businesses, that will continue helping us and fund. So it's the same, the same ones that we have talked about, it will definitely take us good amount of revenue growth. It will take us to execute on our manufacturing cost savings including the 300-millimeter fab and the mix.
Bernard Gutmann: I think there was a good chance that that we can do more on the manufacturing front. We have a good amount of tools that we can do in flexibility with the new capacity we have four-millimeter but definitely we need the revenue and the target model was predicated on the 5% CAGR, and we started the 2019 with a negative, so that definitely puts a little bit of pressure on in terms of getting it done in the timing that we need.
Bernard Gutmann: So I would say the answer is yes. This is both gross margin and operating margin in terms of [indiscernible]. Definitely raising prices helps significantly and it is outsourced.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So I would expect OpEx, to be definitely not higher than Q1 and flat turning towards slightly down.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, our 300 millimeter ramp will be driven largely by medium voltage MOSFETs, where we see a great deal of demand pickup in our automotive designs for vehicles of all sorts actually and in the industrial sector, across all of the segments, so it is one of the high growth areas and we're seeing good demand pickup in the order patterns, and so, that'll be the first part to ramp in 300 millimeter. So and the external utilization, our model we like to do 80 inside, 20 outside right now particularly for the front-end we're more in the middle 60s in-sourced and middle, 30s outsourced.
Bernard Gutmann: So they're completely separate programs. One has nothing to do with the other. I would say on the Quantenna, a good portion, a good sizable portion of the OpEx has already been realized, and we should see a little bit that dribs or drabs still coming into the 2020, but for the most part, it's all done and the other one will be all incremental.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, it's developed rapidly and the changes have been quite quick. We don't think there were opportunities for any inventory holding prior to any actions going on in China. What we have seen is request in China for factories to remain shut down after Chinese New Year longer than they normally would be. It looks like it's approximately a week. And, of course there is some capacity slack in the system as we've been talking about, the utilizations are not full. So we anticipate most people will be looking to recover that extra shut down during the first quarter. So at this stage, really don't have much more visibility than that. But it doesn't look like it will be significant impact, at least based on today's data.
Bernard Gutmann: We are, and we think if we look at the numbers in 2019, it's supported that type of rate. The comments I made earlier today though, I think there's more acceleration toward the hybrid and electric vehicles. So that might actually get better for us as we go through 2020, so we're expecting that high single digit are better this year.
Bernard Gutmann: So what we characterized this as we said about half of the issues were underutilization/depreciation and half were transitionary one-off items. There is a small lag in terms of the impact of underutilization impacts the quarter, and obviously it will depend on how strong seasonally the second quarter is in terms of the rebound revenue, which will dictate how much utilizations will be.
Bernard Gutmann: We're still expecting seasonal or better behavior as we go through this year. As I mentioned, we think we're through the inventory correction phase and so you should be seeing in a relatively stable economic environment, you should be seeing a better performance this year without those headwinds, and so, we're really not attributing a significant lessening of that with the consumer business.
Bernard Gutmann: So basically, when we said from the CapEx point of view, we guided for 125 to 145 for a very short-term for the first quarter, and said that a good portion of that CapEx is devoted towards the 300 mm fab, and then we expect that to taper off throughout the year and go to a lower level in 2021. At this stage, I would expect CapEx and depreciation to converge in the pretty much aligned. So I don't expect any significant amount of increased depreciation on our P&L as we normalize the CapEx.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, so cash CapEx by its nature is lumpy. So, I would say the Q1 is [indiscernible] tax is lumpy, and it is in the $14 million to $18 million range for Q1. We expect for the year to be 10% or less as a percent of the profit, but again, it is all good lumpy. Thank you.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I'll give you kind of directionally the impacts that you're referring to, we'll give the specific models in August, when we're ready to do that. The 300-millimeter factory, as we mentioned is going to allow us to get some very cost effective products to the market. We expect to see some nice and quick ramp there. So back to Bernard's comment on more than 50% fall through, we think that's a strong contributor to that in the second half of the year. It also enables us to do more in-sourcing in the factory rationalizations, selling of the Belgium factory also will contribute to that. We're not going to give specific numbers at this time but all of those are factors that there's confidence in a much better than 50% fall through as you go through the year.
Keith Jackson: We're not going to get into details by product line but definitely we're substantially below the corporate average.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I'll cover both automotive and industry. The automotive piece I think there is a feeling that we may see a return to more positive there. I think a lot of the dynamics is going to be accelerating more of the vehicle electrification at faster rates than we've seen in the past, which has a very large increase in our content, which gets us pretty excited about seeing a lot of good growth in automotive as we go through 2020, the industrial side has been weak and it is generally the portion of the business that reflects kind of the GDP side of the equation. We do see that bottoming out, we're starting to see order patterns pickup and like all of the sectors, the inventory piece appears to be getting back in control. So I would expect to see the industrial side start picking up again in the second floor.
Keith Jackson: Yes, no. This is broad-based in China. And I think it's reflecting the inventories being back in line and still seeing economic growth in China. So I think it's just basically removing some of the headwinds there. And it's a pretty broad-based.
Keith Jackson: So, not a lot of change, some incremental weakness in Europe incremental strength in China, in the U.S. and the rest of the world pretty much on par with what we saw in early Q3 and Q4.
Keith Jackson: Yes, so I think again the comments are similar, I think inventory absorption pieces on track to be behind us here in Q1. So, I would expect that also look much more seasonal, however secularly it's going to grow. And so you can see basically no headwinds to that growth as you get through this year.
Keith Jackson: No, not at all, this was just a business that we thought was going to decline, and then there was a surprise upside. So, that had nothing to do with any new competitive dynamics.
Keith Jackson: So on the industrial side, yes, we think is still lagging right now primarily the portions of that that go into new factory buildings and new residential buildings that has been kind of the drag piece. The medical piece that's in there has been strong and growing quite nicely. We expect that trend will continue [indiscernible] been holding up quite well. So, the change that we're looking in the industrial side are twofold, one, we think the energy infrastructure will be a secular positive. We're seeing more solar installations, wind installations. We see growth in that as we go through this year, and then on the building side, hopefully we will have cleared through all the inventory here in Q1 and you will see a return to normality and from a seasonality perspective after that.
