Donald Colvin: Thank you Ken and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the fourth quarter of 2010 were approximately $579 million, a decrease of approximately 4% from the third quarter of 2010. During the fourth quarter of 2010 the company reported GAAP net income of $61 million or 14 cents per fully diluted share. The fourth quarter 2010 GAAP net income included net charges of 38.2 million or 9 cents per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings press release. GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter was 41%. Non-GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter was 41.2%. Fourth quarter 2010 non-GAAP net income was 99.2 million or 22 cents per share on a fully diluted basis including stock based compensation expense. We exited the fourth quarter with cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of approximately $765 million, an increase of approximately 203 million from the previous quarter. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company’s history at approximately $123 million. At the end of the fourth quarter total days sales outstanding were approximately 46 days, down approximately two days compared with the third quarter of 2010. ON Semiconductor’s internal inventory increased slightly from third quarter levels on a day basis to 96 days. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $16 million of bridge inventory related to our announced closure of front end manufacturing lines. Net of the bridge inventory our inventory days would have been approximately 92 days at the end of the fourth quarter. As expected, distribution inventories increased slightly to approximately 10 weeks exiting the fourth quarter. Cash capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were approximately $43 million bringing 2010 capital expenditures to approximately $189 million. We currently anticipate total capital expenditures for 2011 of approximately $250 million. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald Colvin: Thank you Keith. First quarter 2011 outlook - based upon booking trends, backlog levels and estimated tons levels, we anticipate that historical ON Semiconductor revenues, which exclude revenue from Sanyo Semiconductor will be approximately $570-590 million in the first quarter of 2011. This revenue guidance is better than normal seasonality and is supported by the backlog entering the quarter. Backlog levels at the beginning of the first quarter represent over 90% of our anticipated first quarter revenues. In addition, based on current trends we anticipate that backlog levels at the beginning of the second quarter of 2011 will be higher than those at the beginning of the first quarter. We expect that average selling prices for the first quarter will be down approximately 1-2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $70-80 million in the first quarter of 2011 of which approximately 10-20 million is related to carry forwards from 2010. For the first quarter of 2011 we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 40-41%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $137-141 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which total approximately $10 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $127-131 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $19 million for the first quarter of 2011. This includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes approximately $3 million. We also expect stock based compensation expense of approximately $11-13 million in the first quarter of which 3 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measure. Our fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. In addition to our normal guidance for historical ON Semiconductor, which includes the expected results from Sanyo Semiconductor, we anticipate that Sanyo Semiconductor will add approximately $260-285 million of incremental revenue to ON Semiconductor’s revenue guidance outlined before. We currently anticipate that Sanyo Semiconductor business will generate GAAP operating losses in the first quarter due to among other things purchase accounting and acquisition related costs. We anticipate that the Sanyo Semiconductor business will generate non-GAAP operating profits in the range of 0-5% of Sanyo Semiconductor sales in the first quarter of 2011. Given the recent close of the Sanyo Semiconductor transaction we are still finalizing the purchasing accounting associated with this transaction. We should be in a position to provide more details regarding the financials of Sanyo Semiconductor on our next call. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Donald Colvin: Hi Chris. As far as the Sanyo margin, we closed the deal the first of January so prior to closing the deal we didn’t have access to lots of information, particularly those concerning prices. So we’re just getting our arms around that and as you know from acquisitions you’ve got complexities like fair market value, step up of inventories and things. So that’s why we didn’t give the usual granularity we give in our guidance. And so we’re pretty comfortable in the parameters we gave you on operating income excluding non-recurring costs. So that’s about the best we can do while we bring the (jake up) accounts of Sanyo into US GAAP and purchase accounting during the first quarter. But I think it’s fair to say that as Keith mentioned in his script, we believe that these are good products and that over time should migrate to operating incomes in the teens level and gross margins in the plus 30-40% level. So that’s something that still looks to be very doable but we’ll be subject to the completion of the restructuring plans that we have advanced for Sanyo Semiconductor. And as far as the core ON is concerned, I think as Keith mentioned, we are driving more volume and more content. So our manufacturing investments that we’ve made over the last few quarters will bring fruit throughout the year. And we are encouraged by the backlog trends as I mentioned in the script for the second quarter. So I think you can expect to see gross margins improving from the first quarter level as we go into the stronger second and third quarters this year. The exact amount of improvement I’m not really going to determine but we have given you some algorithms. Higher sales revenues certainly will generate higher gross margins as we go throughout the year.
Donald Colvin: Sure. I think up until now especially going through 2008 was our plan to pay down debt and make debt less toxic. We got rid of the bank facility, all the covenants and everything that went with it. But we’re now very comfortable. Our debt is approaching zero but you’ll have to bear in mind that we did assume a sour note from Sanyo. So we will have more debt at the end of the first quarter. But we believe that the Sanyo business should generate reasonable cash flows going forward. We will work carefully at how that business develops, what capital investment it requires and many investors have indicated to us that as an analog company many of our competitors are paying dividends and that’s something that we’re actively considering as a priority for the debt. So a little bit premature to give any specifics on that because clearly an acquisition of the size of Sanyo, we have to get very comfortable what investment it requires there. We are confident that it will be reasonable and that with the cash balances we have we can start to consider the institution of a dividend that many similar companies in our domain already have. I think also an acquisition of that size even though we did complement that with a small Censure division acquisition, you can assume that we’re not building up a big war chest to eminently strike out and buy other things. The Censure acquisition was a small one, complemented an existing activity that wasn’t really implicated in the Sanyo acquisition. But in general most of the company is going to be tied up with Sanyo. So that will preclude any major actions in that domain this year.
Donald Colvin: Just I would completely echo all this that Keith says there. So think of Sanyo as a maintenance stabilizing and margin improving exercise for the next two years on revenue that will seasonally improve from the first quarter. But we wouldn’t expect to see big year over year increases there until we get it truly integrated within our manufacturing infrastructure and that’s going to be the best part of two years. As Keith said, our experience has shown that preservation, maintenance of revenue takes a year to two before you start to get growth. So I don’t think it would be appropriate to suggest any basic organic growth for Sanyo. But certainly seasonally improving from the first quarter levels is totally achievable.
Donald Colvin: Hi. The deal is not going to close until the end of the quarter. So you can assume it’s included in there because we’re talking about a deminimous amount. And on an annualized basis we think the business is slightly north of $30 million annualized. That’s the kind of revenue run rate that we would expect. So full quarter revenue - something in the $8 million range.
Donald Colvin: No. The deal will not. We don’t actually know when the deal closes. But it will be so minimum this quarter that you can just assume it’s included.
Donald Colvin: I think that the capital expenditures, we account for them on a cash basis. So we did actually put in place a lot of capital at the end of last year particularly meeting requirements of the automotive and computing areas. So the cash outlays for these as we mentioned in our call, some of that was delayed, just the natural working capital management. So that’s about 20 million or so of this year’s numbers were carried forward from last year. But I’d say it’s fair to say that we’re putting a reasonable amount into front ends to meet requirements in the automotive and computing markets and in the back end more assembly and test capacity. So I don’t have the exact split but I think you can assume you take off buildings and some infrastructure, it’s probably split equally between the front end and the back end. But I mean that’s what happens when you have a strong demand from your customers and we tend to remain stretched. I’m sure our customers listening to the call will be satisfied to see that we hear them and we are putting in place the necessary capital to service them.
Donald Colvin: Sure. The initial deal when we announced it in July, we talked about six quarters out. And then we worked with the seller to get support from the seller to get competitive costs, we call it manufacturing support but the seller will help us get competitive costs much sooner. And so we announced that restructured deal at the end of the fourth quarter of last year. So essentially what you’re seeing now in our guidance is the benefits of the restructured deal where we will get more competitive manufacturing costs much sooner than the originally scheduled deal. So we’ve looked at the numbers many different ways but we feel this is a reasonable guidance bearing in mind the addition of the seller support to competitive manufacturing costs.
Donald Colvin: I think we’re in a wee bit of a transition phase. So the equation was the capital expenditures that we have been making and end of last year/beginning of this year are having an increase in depreciation expense. And the extra revenues that this capital will generate are not really going to happen in the first quarter than were affecting the third quarter. As Keith mentioned we’ve got some content gain and we’ve got some volume gain as the markets recover so I think you would expect I think Chris Danely asked the question before on the gross margins - we would expect the gross margins to move upwards as our revenue strengthens in the seasonally stronger middle of the year. We have always said that we believe our core business is a 45% gross margin. The business - that requires certain factory closures. I think it’s fair to say that in the stretch wee time environment we have been more prudent about factory closures and moved away (crate). I think it’s also fair to say that we will not be accelerating them until we see very stable market conditions. But you would expect our gross margin to move up in the direction of our corporate 45% model on our core business as our revenue gets stronger in the second and third quarters.
Donald Colvin: I think Gresham fab is - all our fabs are approximately 90% capacity utilization. I didn’t look at what Gresham is instantly but I think it’s close to that. Clearly we’re seeing all our fabs filled up and we are continuing to make more investment into not only our Gresham facility but our other 8-inch facility in Idaho, which also is running over 90%. That’s fab 10 in Idaho. So we’re seeing very good utilizations in both our 8-inch facilities, Gresham and Idaho.
Donald Colvin: I think we hesitated long and when we gave the guidance. And so the P&L geographies are difficult to determine because we just got a hold of the company on the first of January so that was only a few weeks ago and we’ve been working to map their accounting to US GAAP accounting. And it’s fair to say that exercise is not complete. So it wouldn’t be appropriate for me with the accounting conventions that we have to obey to give guidance and details for things that I don’t have certainty of. I would love to do it but I have to be honest. There are not many percipients of a US company buying a Japanese company of the size and sophistication of Sanyo and it’s going to take us more than a few weeks to get the level of details that are required to be comfortable in a P&L geography. But you’re all clever people. We said in the past that we believe the gross margins of Sanyo should be in the 30-40% range. But we’ve given you what we think operating income is so I know that someone as clever as yourself will come up with a pretty good guestimate of what the model should be.
Donald Colvin: And so as far as capital expenditures, again we’re still in a position of finalizing that. As Keith mentioned, there are some really excellent opportunities with their products particularly making marginal investments to increase share in some of their products because of the (start up capital). I think the number we’re looking at now is something like $50 million for the year. But we haven’t finalized that yet. That number has not been engaged but that’s the kind of rough number for capital for Sanyo that we’ve thought about.
Donald Colvin: Maybe. But again, the 50 million or so for the Sanyo is not something we have nailed down yet. We happen to make it anything like that. Once again, we had good contact as far as planning is concerned. But I mean as far as access to the company prior to closure was limited. And so especially access to things like prices, the anti-competition, the pro-competition rules dictate you can’t jump the gun. And so it’s only recently that we’re seeing what prices are and margins and being able to direct our capital expenditures to areas that will give a high return. So we should be able as I said in the script to give much more details on our next call.
Donald Colvin: Just a little add on to that, one thing that kind of makes me happy when I look at some of these acquisitions is that we haven’t brought a lot of these products inside and we are using external suppliers especially for the front end. So one of the challenges for semiconductor companies is to keep the factories loaded and so it’s quite comforting for me to look at some of these acquisitions. They make a lot of good financial sense by using external foundries and it gives us the option downstream to get better productivity and margin contribution by bringing them inside but yet as Keith said, we haven’t yet made that determination. But it’s an upside potential or protection that we have for the future.
Donald Colvin: Just on that, when we closed the deal on the first of January we gave them approximately 130 million cash which we disclosed in the earnings release was restricted cash. But we got back from them something like 110 million cash on their balance sheet. So the net cash out was approximately $20 million. And we have assumed a 7-year note of LIBOR plus 175% for just under $400 million from Sanyo Electric, the seller. So that’s the basic main elements in your cash and assumption of debt, Ramesh.
Donald Colvin: The basic manufacturing infrastructure in Japan has three fabs and an assembly and test facility. And we will be consolidating into one major fab and a reduced assembly and test facility. That is the main drive of the manufacturing consolidation.
Donald Colvin: I think that’s a question that was asked kind of a different way before. We said when we first announced the deal that we thought we could get to the 10% within six quarters. As someone mentioned, we have hit the ground running faster because of the support from the seller. So will be less than six quarters but I mean you can extrapolate. It wouldn’t be the first quarter but it will be less than six quarters. So divine somewhere in between.
Keith Jackson: We would expect normal seasonality. Over half their business is consumer, which means your first quarter should be the lowest quarter of the year and business should build from there kind of capping out flattish in the fourth quarter. So very similar to that seasonality - we are not expecting to have any business walk aways in the first half. We’re working very closely with the customers. We’re still looking at the portfolio, etcetera. So I would not expect to see any leakage due to decisions on the company’s part in the first half. And based on discussions with customers I would not expect leakage based on relationships there.
Keith Jackson: So the automotive portion was up over 11% and 48% on the year. That segment includes our MOSFET business and we quite frankly moved some of that capacity away from the MOSFET so that we could support our business in other sectors during the fourth quarter. So all of the decline from the MOSFET side was offset by increases in the automotive part.
Keith Jackson: So I’ll start with automotive. We were just talking automotive. I expect that that will continue to grow throughout 2011. We are seeing very strong demand from our customer base and quite optimistic outlook for the year both in number of cars built compared to last year and in the content. So we think that will probably be again our strongest growth story in the company. We’re also expecting to see computing pick back up. As we talked about earlier, we were kind of sub-seasonal performance in the second half of last year but we do think both with content from ON Semiconductor and the business cycle this year that we should also see that growing as we go through Q1, Q2 and Q3. So we’re seeing a little better situation here in Q1 than normal seasonality and I would expect strengthening in the rest of the year. For the industrial markets we see those are flattening out a bit. Not expecting significantly strong growth there but they should be up year on year but fairly steady. In the wireless business we would expect to see growth due to smart phones but total phones not growing at a very brisk pace. So seeing some improvement as you go through the year.
Keith Jackson: So each competitor is slightly different and each market is different. I think in the discreet domain lead times tend to be a little longer across the industry than they are in the integrated circuit part. Overall we’re operating around 12 weeks for lead times right now, which is the lowest we’ve been in over a year. Don’t know that that will go down dramatically in the next couple of months but it should be easing its way back down to sub-10 as we go through Q1. And I think that’s similar to where the average part of the industry is from a discreet basis. ICs tend to be a little shorter and we have seen in the marketplace something that is sub-10 already and that should be stable at least through the first quarter of the year.
Keith Jackson: We think we’ll exit the first quarter in relatively good shape. There is expected to be a build in revenues across the industry in the second quarter so I would expect some sight building of inventory in distribution across the markets. But not significant but I think that’s just needed to support the Q2 revenue increases.
Keith Jackson: We haven’t seen any other market that’s in that shape right now. In other words we think everything else is in relatively good shape.
Keith Jackson: ASP wise the way I would characterize that Steve is over the past few quarters there have been very little turns activities available. The products were being consumed by OEMs and by customers that had plans and arrangements on pricing. As we look in the first quarter I do think the industry’s freeing up a small amount of capacity and I would expect those turns to be under pressure on pricing rather than in an area of strength. But I do want to emphasize I think it’s a very small amount of business going that way. And you can see that reflected in our forecast. So maybe a little less strong environment here in Q1. We have not seen enough capacity on for it to tip over to being a strong buyers market at this stage. And so we’re expecting relatively muted cycle here in 2011. As to the growth rates going forward, it is still early. We’re not going to commit to any growth rates at this stage. What I will say is we have been very comfortable talking with the customers about the position that Sanyo Semiconductor has and we’re not seeing any significant leakage. And then on the growth side we’re seeing opportunities for cross selling of products, which we think are very, very exciting and most probably would offset any kind of weakness otherwise. So we’re in general expecting to see growth although our experience tells us in the early part of an acquisition it’s probably not going to be substantial in the first part.
Keith Jackson: I was actually quite excited. I have been there two different times now talking to the large customers and in both cases they were embracing the opportunity to expand the purchases through Sanyo. ON and many of the other Western suppliers in Japan are handicapped by the support infrastructures that they expect in Japan on a service basis, etcetera. And so they do not tend to buy as much from foreign companies as they do the local companies. This completely changes that perspective in Japan. They now know and love their local Sanyo sales team and service team and so they are looking forward to getting access to ON products through that network. And so they have frankly opened up opportunities at each of the accounts I went to to see if they could buy more ON products in Japan. The other side of that equation is outside of Japan Sanyo had very little infrastructure and service particularly on the technical support side to proliferate their sales outside of Asia. We have got that infrastructure at ON. They have got some very, very interesting products in motor control and power modules that we are anxiously preparing ourselves to expand outside of the Asian market. So we think there are opportunities in both directions and again just from an expectation setting perspective, even with all the enthusiasm it will take the better part of a year to see any significant flows.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. If you’d asked me that question in the ‘80s I would have told you that there was a cultural barrier. Both the experience we’re having and the direct comments from the customers there now says that they are through the cultural barrier. They want to compete on a global basis and they know to do that they have got to expand their base. And so I think it really is infrastructure. I mean they had round numbers, ten times the support infrastructure on a people basis that Western companies can afford to carry there with the revenue levels they had.
Keith Jackson: So I would still expect Asia to outgrow on number of automobiles sold. So from a number of cars built and sold I would expect that to be strongest, the Americas to kind of come in second place and Europe to be trailing on number of cars built. But if you look at what goes into the cars, we sell to the module makers and those geographically are actually much stronger in Europe than they are in Asia. So they actually buy their materials in Europe and then ship them over to Asia from there. So on a sales from ON perspective I would expect to see some very strong performance in Europe probably second behind China. So it’s a little different geography on whether you’re talking about the in-car sales or where we actually deliver product.
Keith Jackson: So we’re expecting market share gains and we are expecting dollar content gains. Steve, do we have a specific number on that yet? Yeah. Okay. So I guess my statistician here is telling me that we’ll have to stick with $8 content now for notebooks as an overall number. I don’t actually have that transition number for you today.
Keith Jackson: Well, I think it’s early. There are a lot of dynamics going on there. We anticipate that any outcome is likely to be positive for us in the short term. If they have to recall boards or rebuild boards, etcetera, etcetera, it generally means we have got to provide new parts. They don’t typically unsodder things any longer in that marketplace. So it usually ends up being scrap and they have to rebuild. So generally I would say it would be a positive sign for us.
Keith Jackson: It’s too early to tell on that. Again, our customers there have choices. They can continue building the existing model platforms a little longer, they can choose to rebuild with the new fixed parts at the same quantities they originally planned. It’s way too early to call.
Keith Jackson: Okay. Let me give you the breakouts first there. The automotive segment would be about 17%, industrial about 7%, computing, 12 and then communications about 14. They are again if you’re looking at totals, consumer being half the business is certainly going to offset the profile. Their automotive like ours is quite strong. Industrial has been improving and computing reflected the same trends we saw at ON, which was basically sub-seasonal second half of last year. And the same thing with wireless in the fourth quarter, looks very similar. So frankly, the trends we saw on a quarter basis last year looked very, very similar to the overall market.
Keith Jackson: No. The technologies we just picked up fit those markets very well. They complement our existing customer base there with the other sensor work that we do and we think there are some very substantial growth opportunities for us in that area. Trying to enter the mass markets we don’t think is appropriate for that specific set of technologies but we do think there are some very good growth opportunities and margin opportunities for us there.
Keith Jackson: We have not made any determination on future manufacturing homes. So right now we’re going to keep the manufacturing stable until we make those determinations at its current locations.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. We have the capabilities internally but they’re using a set of foundries today and we plan on continuing to do that until we have analyzed a little more fully the overall situation.
Keith Jackson: This is Keith Jackson. We do intend on still closing our Phoenix wafer fab. We have delayed that several times based on business conditions being extraordinarily strong. We have actually put that off yet another quarter because we’re going to be consolidating some of the Sanyo product into our consolidating Malaysia fab. And so we want to make sure we’ve got ample spare capacity in that factory before we make any cutovers and of course ample coverage of inventory to make the transition smooth for our customers. So simply said, the Phoenix fab will close. It’s going to be closed later than we expected due to strong business and the Sanyo acquisition. We don’t have any other announced ON factory closures for 2011.
Keith Jackson: So on the Sanyo question we would expect to fill that one up to the 85% range to 90% range. So when the consolidations are complete we would indeed expect that to be operating fairly close to full. We’re also using our Malaysia and Gresham factories for consolidating some of the Sanyo factories. Specific change on capacities for the overall company with CapEx, it’s going to be 15% plus. I don’t have a detailed breakdown on that but it’ll be in that range from our exit velocity in Q4 of 2010.
Keith Jackson: So the Philippines does most of our analog IC assembly and test. And so that’s the amount that’s done there is less than 1/3 of our assembly/test. And then our Malaysian wafer fab will do most of the discreet products so again it’s from a wafer fab perspective less than 1/3 of the company’s wafers.
