Bernard Gutmann: Thanks, Keith. First quarter 2013 outlook. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $645 million to $685 million in the first quarter of 2013. Backlog levels for the first quarter of 2013 represented approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated first quarter 2013 revenues. We expect average selling prices in the first quarter of 2013 will be down approximately 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 and expect inventory at distributors to remain flattish on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter of 2013 and total capital expenditures of approximately $160 million to $170 million for 2013. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 30.5% to 32.5%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $212 million to $222 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $55 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $157 million to $167 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses would be approximately $13 million for the first quarter of 2013, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $3 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million. GAAP and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $2 million to $4 million. We also expect stock-based compensation of approximately $6 million to $8 million in the first quarter of 2013, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in the cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current diluted share count is approximately 450 million shares on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Tiffany, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Also, one point to add to that is the fact that we are continuing to reduce costs in Japan, which should also drive improved gross margins. As we have said in the past, the fall-through on incremental revenue is approximately 50% for the ON legacy business and slightly higher for the SANYO business, approximately 60%. So those will be the big drivers for margin improvement.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So what we have -- we have actively been working on reducing expenses in that area, primarily driven by payroll and payroll-related expenses. And we believe that we have now confidence that we can achieve a breakeven point that's about $10 million lower than what we have originally anticipated.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So what we communicated in the past few occasions is that for each yen that the yen moves, it's about an $800,000 per quarter improvement on our EBIT. That is based on the current, or what we'd say Q3, Q4, cost structure. As we lean out our cost in Japan, that amount will be decreasing slightly to probably $600,000 to $700,000. In the first quarter, we should see some benefit, and that's because of the average exchange rate for the quarter will be blended by month in our system. So we should already see some benefits. And then, we should see an increased benefit in the second quarter, assuming that the rate continues being at the level it is today.
Bernard Gutmann: Okay. So let me address the cost side of it. The cost reductions are -- some of them, the fringe benefits have already been implemented starting in Q1, so those will be starting right now and will be the same throughout the rest of the year. The headcount reductions will be over the next 3 quarters, with a bigger effect starting in Q2.
Bernard Gutmann: And regarding the overall inventory levels, with the -- on the channel first, with the sub-10 weeks right now across the board, we don't believe we're going to see a significant amount of further reductions. I think we are at the bottom, and we will start potentially seeing some restocking. But right now, probably flattish. Internal inventories, we will continue burning some of the bridge inventory that we built last year, but at the same time, we -- in anticipation of a stronger second quarter, we will probably start building inventory also. So net-net, I don't expect a significant reduction in inventory internally either.
Keith D. Jackson: I'll start a little bit with some of the drivers and let Bernard finish with some of the numbers. Our mix should be improving as we go through the year. I mentioned earlier that our highest-growth markets will be automotive and our wireless solutions, both of which have higher than corporate average margins, so we should get an improvement in mix. Secondly, we are expecting, based on current order trends, to be running our factories at higher utilization rates, also a very significant driver of margins. And of course, just the fall-through on the additional revenues. Those should all be very positive for the gross margins. And also, I guess, the last thing would be our yen depreciation, which helps us with our Japan-based costs.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. The wireless side, we've been working for some time, and the real significant developments in 2012 is expanding our SAM through products that we did not previously have, specifically in the camera systems and in the RF tunings portions of the circuits. The balance of our portfolio there improved with new products, but they are in relatively the same category. So the big change, new products in those 2 areas, each of which give us substantial more opportunity for phone. We think the opportunities that we had in early 2012 for sales into a given smartphone were a little over $3, and now, that number is approaching $6. And so that's a very significant opportunity for us. We're not going to be forecasting the year, but we do expect those segments to be the fastest growth for the company, and we do expect to be outgrowing those markets.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. We started seeing an uptick in our bookings rates in October, as we reported on our last call. And specifically, a lot of the orders were filling in into a quarter plus 1, which meant already into the second quarter back in Q4. Those trends continue. We have very strong bookings trends for the next quarter and even now into the third quarter. Our book-to-bill is greater than 1 here for this quarter so far. And again, I guess everything is pointing towards increasing from a low point here in Q1.
Keith D. Jackson: Again, I would say it has become more benign than it was in Q3, and I expect that will continue. Our first quarter includes all of the annual customers that do annual price negotiations, which tend to make Q1 the toughest quarter each year. Those are in place, and those are inside of our 2% guidance. So really, it's nothing extraordinary. And like I said, if anything, it's become a little less pressure on us than in the past.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I obviously ask myself that, too. The question that we had is, really, last year, if you go back to it, we were anticipating those improvements based on comments from our customers. We actually had not had the order patterns that indicated they were happening. In other words, we didn't have those Q3 fill rates coming in early, et cetera. So this year, the biggest difference is we are getting long bookings onto our system, which is different than the year before, and of course, a quite strong book-to-bill at this point. So the net of those 2 things, I guess the difference is now, we're actually seeing the orders; last year, we were told to expect the orders.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. We're expecting a very slight increase in our automotive segment. We're expecting flat to slightly up in our communications segment. And then the rest of the segment should be slightly down.
Keith D. Jackson: And on the revenue side, we are already seeing now that the over-inventory situation on white goods in China is improving. Our order patterns for our power modules have improved, and so were seeing that as, again, evidence of increases. And also, in the handset arena, the new design wins we have are ramping with backlog now as well. So those 2 should be the first to move. And then the balance will come, particularly on the consumer side, as the devalued yen makes their customers a little more competitive.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, obviously, the yen change will impact revenues and growth rates in those programs that you just mentioned. Right now, we have more momentum with the SANYO products outside of Japan in our key ON customers, but we also have a very strong design win base inside of Japan for the ON products. So both of them are continuing. Clearly, the slowing economy in Japan has dampened the growth we expected inside of Japan, but outside, I do expect in 2013 to see an acceleration of the SANYO sales outside of Japan.
Keith D. Jackson: I would say the attitude is more hopeful. They certainly are telling us that they're hopeful now that they can see some improved sales for the year. None of them have actually reported any change in sales patterns yet.
Keith D. Jackson: I guess I'd point you to a few things. High resolution cameras in smartphones is a very good thing for SANYO business. Increased televisions and white good sales, particularly in Asia, is a second kind of really good thing for that business. And just in general, any of the consumer goods sectors or pickup that would have a Japan-based consumer product would be strong for SANYO.
Keith D. Jackson: I'll address the last part of your question first here. We've actually seen, in some of our specific products, lead times starting to stretch a bit. We are seeing certain packages and the pickup in our content starting to stress particular packages. On a broad basis, that is not yet happening. I expect that it will occur. There is some overcapacity, as you mentioned, but it's not that substantial. Most of the industry, I believe, particularly in the packaging side, is running in the 80s plus. So it won't take much to see a little bit of stretching of the lead times from their current very low levels.
Keith D. Jackson: So the margin profile is attractive to us in China. The products that we have there are, again, a key focus. And we believe we actually have a little better content in China on a dollar basis than we do outside of China at many places. The difference in the piece relative to market share, I obviously don't have enough data on a part-by-part basis because there's no way to get that. But what I can tell you, again, the big growth drivers for us are products where we did not use to play, in the RF tuning areas, and I believe there's a multitude of solutions that have been used there, so it's a little difficult for me to tell which one's winning and losing; and in the camera module arena, again, where we did not use to play. So I am not sure I can answer the who we're taking it from.
Keith D. Jackson: A combination of all the above. I mentioned a few of the new wins we talked about. Trends that we see basically increasing in adoption over the next year or so are the start-stop alternator approach, significant savings on fuel economy. And we do see that as something that is both an adoption of the techniques in the cars that will be increasing, but also, an increase in our design rates there. The lighting systems, we expect to see more and more cars with LED front, rear and interior lighting systems. Again, our content has been increasing there. And so that combination, we think, is a very strong story. Many of the other things are features that we believe will go from the high-end cars to the lower-end cars, things like parking assist and other types of driver assistance types of -- and convenience types of things. So it's a combination of both, but we think there's some new trends there that should drive some really good growth.
Keith D. Jackson: So in -- we are still thinking our inventory days at the SANYO Product Group are still higher in driving the average for ON to be at 113. We like to be under 100 days in total.
