Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Now, for second quarter of 2016 outlook. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $835 million to $875 million in the second quarter of 2016. Backlog levels for the second quarter of 2016 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated second quarter revenues. We expect inventory at distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $55 million to $65 million in the second quarter of 2016. For the second quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 33.3% to 35.3%. Factory utilization in the second quarter is likely to be up as compared to the first quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $215 million to $227 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $25 million to $27 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $190 million to $200 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $38 million to $41 million for the second quarter of 2016, which include non-cash interest expense of approximately $6 million. GAAP net interest expense includes interest related to prefunding of the acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $10 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million to $7 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $9 million. We also expect share based compensation of approximately $14 million to $16 million in the second quarter of 2016, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the second quarter of 2016 is expected to be approximately 416 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share counts and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Brigette, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Chris. So, on the breakdown, $15 million of the $23 million is in COGS and $8 million is in OpEx. As we said, the OpEx is mostly the SSG Group to shore up their bottom-line. On the COGS side, it is manufacturing relocation activities, which typically take a year-and-a-half or so until you see the full benefits of those 18 months until you see the full benefits of those through the P&L. And yes, these are first steps as we indicated on our calls, and as we are ready to talk more we'll be announcing throughout the year more activities.
Bernard Gutmann: So, yes, indeed, it is a little bit on the higher side of our historical numbers. We do expect the seasonal uptick in the second quarter. And as we are guiding about 5% up, this is in anticipation of that increased run rate. And obviously, we are also a normal seasonality for the back half, would also indicate more requirements for inventory. In general terms, we would expect to taper off that and get inventory days to slightly lower numbers.
Bernard Gutmann: So, right now, it's more in the 110 days to 120 days, we have upped that compared to where we were before. In general, it looks like the semiconductor companies now are carrying a lot more inventory than we used a few years back. So that's kind of our range.
Bernard Gutmann: Very good, Shawn. I'll answer the first one, the tranche, the term loan B is fully pre-payable, the whole amount, the $2.2 billion that we financed.
Bernard Gutmann: We still expect to operate in the 6% to 7% range. We have been operating on the higher end of that, so maybe we'll push it down a little bit, but we're still operating in the 6% to 7%.
Keith D. Jackson: So the security market if that basically had been flat, the industrial results would have been flat quarter-on-quarter. So that basically makes up that kind of 10% or so drop quarter-on-quarter. It really is just the lower end of that market. We still strongly participate in the higher end of the security market. So, I mean, you can do the math on that, but it's a noticeable percentage but not huge and, of course, the margins were quite challenged there, so we think it's the right move. We do expect security to continue to grow in the high end of that market where we can make good margins, and I guess I don't know what other aspect to address.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Couple comments there. One, we did not see the conversion to Skylake as we anticipated. There was very few more units made of Skylake quarter-on-quarter as a percentage of the total. So that was definitely a surprise to us. We service that market through distribution, and our customers placed very strong orders on us going into the first quarter, which set expectations that Skylake would be quite strong. As it turns out, it was up quarter-on-quarter on the Skylake portion. But most of that product that we shipped stayed with the distributors. And so on a sell-in basis, it would have been up very strongly, and some of our competitors, for example, are all sell-in. So, on a sell-in basis, it looked really strong, but on a sell-through basis, frankly, we did not see the conversion rate of Skylake that we expected. We've talked with all of the computing folks here in the last few weeks, they are expecting, I think, a fairly flattish second quarter, but they are expecting continued Skylake conversions. And so, I'm anticipating to see that stronger up on the Skylake, as we approach mid-year and the second half.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Less than 20% of our total image sensor business now and we're actually ahead of our accretion targets there, strong margins in all of the sectors being the key driver.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah, we're operating in kind of the high-70s range, and I expect that will be pretty much true for the second quarter as well, and then as the second half develops, we could enter the low-80s in the Q3.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah, we mentioned a Korean design win for ultrasonic parking it is that area where the image sensors have picked up quite a bit for us. And so we're seeing some very good pick up in Korea.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah, I feel much, much better. We know have an upward trajectory based on all of the automotive and industrial wins we've had the last year or so. And so we are expecting increased sales from here on out. With the changes that we've made, Q3 onward we should be above breakeven every quarter, and again as the revenue increases, there is a pretty good fall through of about 60% to the bottom-line.
Keith D. Jackson: So, I'll back into that one, so ADAS for our image sensors, we believe we've got about 70% of the design wins in that sector. So we're expecting to see increased share for image sensors in ADAS. But from a total dollar for our automotive piece of that equation it's about 25% for image sensors and 75% for the rest of our products.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah, so specifically, we have the resonant standard. Tri-Mode is great for the transmit side, and we are indeed releasing a product for that. But on the receive side, the resonant pick-up has been slower than expected in the handsets. And so, that was the comment relative to that. We do see that picking up now. And as we get into the back half of the year, and with the 2017 launches, we would expect on a percentage basis to see very significant improvements and 2017, should see the bulk of the growth.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. And on the head count, we watch that very carefully. Most of the attrition, we've seen so far is in the G&A portion of the business. And so, we feel very confident, we're going to be picking up a company with strong engineering and sales talent intact.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. No, all of our comments are relative to the current ON Semiconductor. Obviously, when the transaction closes, there will be synergies that are associated with that combination, but these are independent of that.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. It appears that the inventories which were quite substantial built last year are basically being cleaned out. We did see new orders from customers that had told us they had significant over-inventory position last year. So it looks like the inventory positions have been worked out. I'm not sure it's a huge in-demand change, but it's certainly a huge change in their inventories.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We really haven't got any changes. The deeper we get into it, it confirms our expectations. We do see the $150 million or so that we talked about. We're still not prepared to announce specifics on further manufacturing actions that can be taken, but again, as we get deeper into it, we confirm that indeed, there's much more for us there on the manufacturing front.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. LED front lighting is still extremely small. If you look at total automotive worldwide, it's less than 5% today have that, but we're seeing a strong adoption with major U.S.-built models picking up LED lighting for the 2017 year, so we're seeing that increase quite rapidly. On the ADAS systems, again today the vast majority of everything is with rearview cameras, and what we are seeing is a very rapid adoption across all levels of models going forward, but again ADAS is a very thinly populated thing with less than 10% of the cars globally today.
Keith D. Jackson: We have not yet had customers with major disruptions, but we're certainly closely monitoring that and offering assistance where possible.
Keith D. Jackson: No, the high end is growing, in fact it's growing faster than the low end is growing. So we still remain encouraged about the security market overall.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Our expectation is that the China players will continue to gain share against the more traditional players in the second half, and at least from what we can tell backlog wise, that is already taking place with order patterns.
Keith D. Jackson: We're pretty close. I expect leaving this year, we will be at the mix that we'd like long-term, which means the consumer piece of the business will be all accretive and all at the high-end, and the security business that we talked about earlier will be the same. So I think we're a couple of quarters away from being at the ideal mix, but we're certainly executing very strongly from a margin and profitability perspective.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah, I guess, couple comments. One, the automotive piece has been very, very good for us and we've been outgrowing that; you can look at the numbers. The thing in our engines we talked about the smartphone market has been the steepest decline, and that is what we do expect to be much stronger as we get into the second half, and where our margins are much better. So net-net the piece that's been missing, we think, is basically the outgrowth in the smartphone market has not shown up, because the market has self-shrank. We expect that to change in the second half. And then on industrial, I think we're through all of the inventory corrections there and we should see that growing as well strongly in the second half. So the net of it is three markets where we think we're better positioned than competition, only one of which has operated here in the first half. And so in the second half, we think we have all three markets.
