Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.340 billion to $1.390 billion in the third quarter of 2017. The exit from the mobile image sensor business is slightly impacting the sequential revenue growth in the third quarter. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2017 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter revenue. For the third quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 36% to 38% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of approximately 36.2% to 38.2%. Factory utilization in the third quarter is likely to be up sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $315 million to $336 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles restructuring asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $30 million to $37 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $285 million to $299 million. We anticipate third quarter GAAP net income, net other income and expenses including interest expense will be approximately $35 million to $38 million, which include non-cash interest expense of approximately $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be approximately $27 million to $29 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the third quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $13 million to $17 million. We expected total capital expenditures of approximately $105 million to $125 million in the third quarter of 2017. As I indicated earlier, capital intensity in the second half of 2017 will be higher to compensate for the low level of capital intensity in the first half of the year. Our target of 6% to 7% annual capital intensity remains unchanged. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $16 million to $18 million in the third quarter of 2017, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2017 is expected to be approximately $427 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and Danielle, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So on the gross margin front the puts and takes are the same we have articulated in our Analyst Day mainly revenue fall through, cost reductions mix and synergies, those are the major ones. The - on the OpEx front, as we stated in our prepared remarks pretty much all of the increase, sequential increase is due to variable comp. As we go further up there is a limit to that, so we expect that will not continue also we guided our stock-based comp to be slightly lower which is just based on normal calculation of the - of our shares. So its mainly stock-based comp and variable compensation for which we know we have limits based on our bonus plan.
Bernard Gutmann: Sorry Furthermore, we also expect to still continue generating more and more synergies coming from Fairchild that will help us also moderate and reduce the intensity of our OpEx for the second half of the year.
Bernard Gutmann: Based on what we are seeing right now the possibilities of pulling in are very real. And we will -- it is our priority number one to delever the balance sheet.
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, yes, it is the new mark, obviously the revenue -- we have increased revenue growth as compared to what we had in our target mall and that's basically helping us. But, yes, it is the new base to which we can count on our synergies and we still expect about a 50% fall through on incremental revenue, and then the incremental savings coming from the different plans we have already articulated in the past.
Bernard Gutmann: That's mostly still to come. We expect most of the Fairchild related manufacturing synergies to come towards the end of the year and in 2018. There were some supply chain related synergies in the second quarter and we expect that will continue. So, it is more others than Fairchild synergies that will help in the third quarter. Remember we also said we exited the mobile center business which has margins that were not -- we didn't like that should also help. And in [GL] [ph] terms the way we are guiding, we are guiding for a 50% fall through on the incremental revenues.
Bernard Gutmann: I don't think sell-in to sell-through is affecting in any meaningful way, we are -- we have the controls in place to make sure we don't grow inventories in the abnormal way. Seasonality for the fourth quarter has typically been down. Fairchild historically has been down more than ON legacy and ON legacy in the 2% range. So, it's probably in that 2% to 4% range is what we are expecting that to be.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as a reminder, the exit of the mobile business is indeed affecting the seasonality or the growth, sequential growth of approximately 1%, also within our numbers not the most aggressive.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the revenue was approximately 1% of our total. And we continually look at opportunities and we articulated that in our Analyst Day that we are accounting on about 40 bps coming from exiting business and we'll continually look at divesting from non-strategic underperforming businesses.
Bernard Gutmann: On the Fairchild synergies, we are ahead of the plan. We have yet to complete the backend integration that ERP final steps schedule to happen in the fourth quarter, which we will see some incremental back office savings, and then, most of the -- the rest will be coming from the COGS manufacturing line in 2018.
Bernard Gutmann: Probably a little bit more of the second. We do have -- to be the bonuses that we accrued for in the first half, so you have a little bit of working capital leakage in the second half, but other than it's -- and as you mentioned also CapEx is definitely going to pick up substantially other than that nothing more, no other one times.
Keith Jackson: I think there was a couple of things that put us in a good situation, one is, there has been a good discipline on capacity expansion in the industry in the last couple of years and what we have seen here is a relatively low amount of increase quarterly, but it's been a steady increase for the last several quarters. So, without capacity being added, you end up with fuller factories, little more supply tightness and a little better positioning on pricing. As opposed to something that as ramped quickly in respond to some new market demands has really just been slow and steady with the controlled discipline on new capacity.
Keith Jackson: So, the utilization rates are high 80s right now and will remain there in the next quarter. From a CapEx perspective, it's really just the cycle times on getting new capital things that have been ordered for some time, lead times extended out on those and they just appear to be landing in the third quarter versus the second quarter.
Keith Jackson: So, they are in the -- over the mid-teens and we expect them to be relatively flat even though we are bringing on significant new capacity in the third quarter.
Keith Jackson: On the car content, there is quite a bit of difference between the electric vehicles and non-electric vehicles, it is as much as $300 per automobile increase for electrification so that very, very significant. On the image sensing or ADAS side, we are seeing like a 25% CAGR growth rate on that as cars adopt more cameras for more safety features and so we see that as being sustainable for at least three or four years that kind of CAGR.
Keith Jackson: It's a big part of the outgrowth in the industrial market over years passed basically the advent of affordable sensors plus artificial intelligence being added to automation in the industrial side gives a real boost. We are also seeing from a power perspective in industrial automation, the new technologies we have provide significant increases in energy efficiency and so there is a replacement cycle, it goes on with that.
Keith Jackson: Can't give any specifics on it. Just to say there are some partners that we are working very closely with TUs both our power and sensor solutions in artificial intelligence at the moment.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So, we have stated with our current power stage participation is about $30 per server. We expect that is not with significant market share. We do expect that the power will be increasing in new server platforms and so you'll get more dollar content perhaps another $15 over the next couple of years. And then from market share perspective, we would be participating in that power stage market plus the control market would add more money to that. So, you should see similar kinds of performance as we had in the desktop, notebook ramps from a share perspective and a dollar content perspective.
Keith Jackson: No. We see the pricing environment perming across the board as you would suspect with little extended lead times and continued growth in the marketplace, the supply demand dynamics have become more favorable for us.
Keith Jackson: So, we do expect it be roughly flat, I think we headed in our guidance quarter-on-quarter not much change and from a replenishment perspective actually we think we're managing it quite well. So we're not looking for any replenishment cycle, just really managing our sell-through basis even though we are now sell-in.
Keith Jackson: Well, lead times definitely had reached higher levels when we had the last peak. So this is more moderate at this stage. And I think the other piece of it is even though the lead times have gone now, generally speaking the suppliers, is keeping up the demand. So there is not a health tremendous imbalance there.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So specifically on ADAS that continues to be a global phenomenon just, not just Europe or U.S. phenomenon there are fewer cars with advanced ADAS in China, but the share number that are being built there and the growth particularly in the SUV arena is contributing nicely to a very quick ramp. So what we do see is continued global demand, I mentioned earlier, we're expecting something in the mid-20s CAGR there as a result of not just more content in the higher end cars, but in China as well with the lower end.
Keith Jackson: We usually build, in our specific model area we used a 6% decline in ASPs to be offset with cost reductions to get to the 40% gross margin.
Keith Jackson: No, actually there is more back-end than front-end, and that also plays into the in-sourcing piece of the equation. So more of our capital go towards back-end equipment in the second half of this year. And the Fairchild in-sourcing fees really doesn't kick-in until all of our qualifications are done and that will be late in this year.
Keith Jackson: Yes. The softness was really geographic-based and specifically North American-based, we in our look think there is a 6% or more CAGR on content growth with no [SAR] [ph] growth and that's the way we use in our models.
Keith Jackson: We really haven't changed our model. We are experiencing better performance, but we haven't changed that model what I will say is, we are -- because of that certainly ahead of our curve toward the 40% and certainly that is a possibility that it could be brought in from 2020.
Keith Jackson: On the mobile business, we are actually seeing a favorable condition for the third quarter, we are expecting the China-based handsets to increase over the second quarter as well as preparation for new launches from the non-China based areas. So, seasonality actually normally should have been even for Fairchild up in the third quarter, when they launched those new models and it will continue being so this year.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Fourth quarter, it tends to soften this year again based on specific phone launches there might not be as much softening.
Keith Jackson: Yes. The margins are higher and we have seen a strengthening in that business overall. And design-win pipeline is as active as it's ever been.
Keith Jackson: So, really it's about efficiency and bandwidth when you are talking about the USB marketplace and so you do differentiate basically on device performance. We participate in end-to-end, so we have the whole solution and that gets adopted by various customers in various ways.
Keith Jackson: So, the second part of your question there, Bernard indicated earlier, we had 40 bps in our model of improvement due to getting out of such businesses. There are three or four of them actively being discussed right now. And the timing frankly will be whatever we could do from a closing perspective. So, we are quite active in that area. But, really can't do a prediction based on the timing that customers take.
