Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I get into the details, let me highlight the key drivers of the guidance for the second quarter. Our guidance for the second quarter is based on the assumption that the global macroeconomic environment will not further deteriorate due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We will likely continue to face operational and logistical challenges due to government mandates. Also, this is a period of extreme uncertainty and volatility, and future results of our business will not only depend on the course of the pandemic, but also on government actions and the pace of recovery in global macroeconomic activity. Therefore, our ability to forecast our business performance is limited. And the range of our guidance for various financial metrics for the second quarter is wider than what we have provided historically. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate the total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.26 billion in the second quarter of 2020. As noted earlier, we will likely continue to face operational and logistical challenges due to government mandates in the second quarter. For the second quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 29% and 31%. Lower revenue in the second quarter as compared to that of the first quarter is the primary driver of the quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin for the second quarter. We expect to record marginally lower period underutilization charge in the second quarter as compared to that of the first quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $340 million to $360 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to be between $43 million and $47 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $297 million to $313 million in the second quarter. We anticipate second quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be in the $42 million to $45 million which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be $33 million to $35 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in the second quarter of 2020 is expected to be $10 million to $13 million. For 2020, we expect cash paid for taxes to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $80 million to $100 million in the second quarter of 2020. We are currently targeting an overwhelming proportion of our CapEx for enabling our 300-millimeter fab at an accelerated pace. For 2020, we expect total capital expenditures of approximately $425 million. We also expect share-based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the second quarter of 2020, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial results. Our GAAP diluted share count for the second quarter of 2020 is expected to be 413 million shares based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Doranda, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. So, you’re correct, we did have some one-time items that affected us in Q4. And basically, those have been resolved. We don’t see those anymore, same with the OSA that will go away in Q2. Definitely, as Keith mentioned earlier, we were substantially affected by the abnormally low utilization for the periods in which we had lockdowns in our factories and that caused us to get - to book the abnormal one-time $19 million hit to our gross margin, which we expect will continue maybe a little bit marginally lower, but will continue throughout Q2. Once that goes away, we’re back to eliminating that and gross margin should step up nicely if, obviously, the markets continue behaving. And our fall-through should be pretty nice as we go back to doing that. So, it is primarily the fact that we have had the significant hit to our operations to the supply constraints.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we have already announced the intended sale of our Belgium fab, and we will continue doing that fab. And if things continue getting worse, there will be other actions that would be along the same line. We continue to focus on cash and we also - not that much on the gross margin but across the spectrum, we took some temporary actions to shore up our numbers. We had announced the $115 million previously of permanent restructuring actions. And then, we announced this time another $50 million of various tactical actions that will shore up the cash. If conditions continue worsening, we’ll be ready to take more actions.
Bernard Gutmann: For the $115 million that we announced earlier, we expect to achieve the [ph] exiting diversity in Q4. It is primarily OpEx driven. There is a little bit - a small piece of it that goes to comps, but most of it is OpEx driven. The $50 million of temporary actions is by nature of being temporary is just between now and the end of the year is about close to $50 million. Heavier focused on OpEx, but there is still a good participation of COGS that will help us.
Bernard Gutmann: So, basically, we have said, once we made the acquisition of this Fishkill that our long-term goal is 6% to 7% on CapEx. We will be moving towards that target as time goes by. I’m not sure it will be exactly at the beginning of 2021, but we’ll be moving towards that as we go in time.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as Keith mentioned earlier, we are seeing better demands for the back half. So, we expect the help from incremental revenue and the fall-through should be pretty nice. We also should be seeing mix as our markets that drive better gross margin should be coming back up particularly [ph] on holding.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the fall - the bridge for Q1 to Q2 is pretty straightforward. It’s mostly the decremental fall-through of 50% on the revenue going from $1.278 billion to $1.180 billion at the midpoint. The one-off period charges that we saw in Q1 will continue in Q2. Keith mentioned the fact that we had during the month of April continued shelter-in-place mandates, government mandates in most of our locations. And then, we expect to be getting close to being out of that by the end of this week. So, it has had a significant effect in this quarter, which is going to be similar in nature - maybe a tad bit less, but similar in nature to what we had in Q1. That’s the one that when we go into Q3, assuming that there is - that the - all these supplier issues, i.e. the mandates from the government have - would have been eliminated, that approximately $20 million goes away completely as we go into Q3. And then, we have the normal fall-through on whatever revenue comes through. That’s the high level...
Bernard Gutmann: We definitely see that the unit costs of - for [indiscernible] will be better [ph] in this year. Obviously, it will be depending on the speed of the qualification from our customers and - as we go into that and it’s more a longer-term 2021, 2022 timeframe [indiscernible] expect any significant direct impact in 2020 as it relates to gross margin. And we’re also relying a lot on what we’re seeing others have done as they go into 300-millimeter and we expect that we’ll have something similar in nature.
Bernard Gutmann: So, no additional from what we announced last quarter. We did - we aligned some of our investments to make sure we are targeting the highest growth markets and the ones we think about. But most of these additional actions we built are more tactical in nature and therefore don’t change our view of R&D.
Bernard Gutmann: And on the OpEx question, we do intend to continue reducing our OpEx in absolute dollars throughout the year from our current levels and from our Q2 midpoint of $305 million. So, the - with the actions - the temporary impairment actions that we’re talking about, $290 million seems to be an appropriate number.
Bernard Gutmann: So, we are assuming an increase in our POS on a sequential basis. We expect that, on a week basis, we’ll be trending back down to the 11 to 13 weeks that we have in our normal operations [ph] growth.
Bernard Gutmann: No, the remaining $90 million is spread across the whole [ph] OpEx P&L geographies, including R&D but also all the other sales and marketing, G&A and a little bit of COGS.
Bernard Gutmann: So, definitely, on the - if the revenues are flat, I would still expect the approximately $20 million of period expenses going away. That should be the primary improvement in gross margin and assuming no change in revenue or mix. And if we have a 10%, you pretty much have to take about a 50% fall-through on that incremental 10%.
Bernard Gutmann: So, let me start with internal inventories. We expect those to be flattish to slightly higher. To Keith’s comment about depending on how strong we see the third quarter, we might have to restart some of the fabs at a higher level [indiscernible] more dye. On the [ph] days of the inventory, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to trend back down to that 11 to 13 weeks due to stronger resale sequentially than in the first quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: So, we expect that the unit - the content growth will be just like we have talked for a long time in that 7% to 8%. So, we can see that whatever the unit [ph] is they’re offset by a 7% to 8% content growth [ph] offset.
Keith Jackson: Yeah, interesting comparison. I think the two things that impact that, one, when we’re talking about the revenue strength, the impact that we have in the Philippines and Malaysia is perhaps more significant than much of our competition. And so, you’re hearing us talk about supply constraints in the near term. On the demand side, the automotive piece is very significant for us, but it is picking back up for Q3. And so, again, I don’t have any specific comparatives other than to say that what we’ve seen is more demand than we can service in the second quarter. And the rate of that pace is going up significantly in the third quarter. But we think we’ll be able to have all of the supply constraints behind us.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, the supply disruptions have improved as we got into May. They were still quite severe in April, and we don’t expect to be at full capacity until the end of this week. So, a very sizable part of the second quarter has already been impacted. Relative to the demand things, I will just tell you that the orders we have make sense based on the end market data that we’re getting. We don’t see anything that’s abnormal relative to what’s going on in the end market. So, the areas that are weak are weak in our backlog and the areas that have picked up primarily due to China coming back online are the ones that have picked up.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. We saw a very steep decline in demand from automotive, as we got through the first quarter and into the first part of the second quarter. That free fall, if you will, has levelled off and is no longer declining. So, that’s certainly a good sign. And then, we have specific requests from our large OEMS, letting us know that they are expecting to have more demand in the second half. And we need to be ready. From demand on things like ADAS and electrification, those continued quite on track. And what we’re seeing is that some companies are using this dislocation in the market to kind of reposition themselves upscale with both their electric vehicles and their ADAS content. So, we’re actually seeing potentially an accelerator in those two parts of automotive, as it recovers.
Keith Jackson: So, dollar content is around $9 for smartphone. We have indeed seen a pickup in China, but only with the China brands at this stage. But we are expecting to see global brands launching new models in the second half. So, our expectation is that the second half will be much better for smartphones than the first half.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. It’s very broad in the second half. Demand there is looking good. We just mentioned smartphones look like they’re going to be up. Automotive is up from a very low number so it’s - I don’t want to get too excited. But the industrial piece continues to build. And our server and cloud business continues to show great strength.
Keith Jackson: So, China is certainly the strongest pickup there. But we really never saw much of a decline outside of China. So, it continues to be healthy.
Keith Jackson: So, I guess, two questions on that. From an M&A perspective, we’re not sure this is a prudent time. And so, really nothing new to report there. And as far as utilizing the network, we clearly are looking at bringing more manufacturing inside. Those are actions that are underway and should help us in the second half of this year.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So, a couple of commentary, one, the products we’re putting into EFK first are the power products supporting most of our automotive and cloud-power type applications. And so, the good news is those volumes continue to grow. And so, we feel pretty good about that. We have intended to ramp that and not empty other factories, and we continue to think that we’ll be able to keep our factories full while ramping EFK. And from on track or ahead of schedule perspective, it’s roughly looking like we’re about six months in advance somewhere we thought we would be and we work with customers that are specifically growing power content with us to qualify those factories and start running here in a matter of weeks.
Keith Jackson: So, I don’t actually have prepared quarter-by-quarter breakdown for you, Craig. We talked about having the ability to do about $2 billion of revenue from the factory. That won’t happen in 2020 or even 2021. But by the time we get to 2023, we should be able to do that.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, the - I mentioned before the things we’re watching carefully are the electric vehicle ramps in China. They put back incentives to focus there. The content, as you know, is several hundred dollars higher in electric vehicle. And so, the simple answer is, if they really ramp mostly electric as we go forward in China, there’s a substantial opportunity to overcome any unit losses. And then, ADAS, similar kinds of situation there. They’re becoming - consumers are more safety conscious. And so, we’re seeing the contents there go up $20, $30 a car at a time. And so, I think the question will be, as we come out of this downturn, what the strategy is going to be? And right now, at least, we’re looking at more electric vehicles and more focus on safety. So, we think most of that, if not all of that, will be offset as we exit this year.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. China is certainly the biggest driver of the increase there. As you remember, in the end of last year, it had been severely curtailed in China. It was very, very weak. And so, that has been recovering. We also have the medical business in that industrial category, and they’ve certainly seen an uptick globally. And so, those are kind of the big ones there.
Keith Jackson: Well, the way we look at things is kind of twofold. One, the amount of power that we’ve got as a percentage of the company, we expect to continue to expand for all the reasons we’ve been explaining. And so, when we take over in 2023, we would certainly expect that power piece of the business to have grown substantially. We don’t think COVID is with us forever. And then, secondly, from a factory perspective, I mean, we did do an expansion, frankly, because our outlook for the growth in electric vehicles and the growth in the 5G infrastructure and the cloud-power was going to be such that specific set of technology nodes would need to have expansion. So, really nothing has changed on that perspective from the 2023 look, but certainly has had a major interruption here in 2020.
Keith Jackson: Okay. On the continued vertical integration, we continue to be on track there, and we will have a network, as I mentioned before, of internal supply and external supply for the wafering as we do with silicon today. And so, we’ll continue to invest in that and are making good progress.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, it’s around 14 weeks. But what you see from an order pattern perspective is our industrial and automotive customers and even the cellphone customers, our handset customers will give us a much longer look and actually much longer orders, particularly as they see they’re planning on ramping in the second half. So, a piece of it is lead times and a piece of it is just the nature of the customers we serve.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. Most of the increase - I mean, all of the increase has really been in the dye supply - for our inventories have been the dye supply here in the first quarter and as we go into the second quarter because we were back-end constrained. So, we really haven’t had to ramp the front-end jet because we’re still playing in a constrained back-end environment. As we get to Q3 with higher revenues, then we can start to look at that.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. I guess, I will try and get as quantified - as viable as I can. We would have made our original guidance in the first quarter had we not had the supply disruptions. And you can figure out that’s a pretty significant number. And actually, in the second quarter, the supply constraints have at least as big of impact, if not slightly more, because it is for a much longer period of time in the second quarter than we had in the first.
Keith Jackson: Twofold. One, we really do think that inventory situation is in better control this year. The orders came down on us quite dramatically in automotive during the first quarter and into the second quarter. So, we believe they’re being very prudent. But they are now getting to levels of inventory that I think that actually concern our customers a bit. They don’t want to go lower than that from a supply perspective. And there are still certainly some memories out there of 2010 from a lot of them. So, I guess, the first order would be we don’t expect more inventory contractions this year. Second piece is, looking at the electric vehicle content and particularly in China, we do think that, that mix will go up much nicer than it was in 2019, very significant increase there. And so, that piece of it, as we mentioned earlier, opens up a couple of hundred dollars or more of content per car. And if you have an increase in EVs in China of a couple of percent, it would certainly offset a weakness of the SAAR that’s been projected.
Keith Jackson: We continue to make good progress on our client devices that we talked about at the time of acquisition and, obviously, no revenue here in 2020. We’re not expecting those devices [indiscernible] next year. But the balance of the business has held up quite well. In these environments, folks are still doing the infrastructure investment similar to 2019.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. Again, we’re expecting in the third quarter, as things begin to ramp again, you’ll see more of the leverage. And then, as I mentioned several times, particularly, as the mix shifts more electric, you should see an acceleration of that delta.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Well, I’m not looking for any outperformance in the quarter. Again, everybody is shut down and - yes, I would not expect to outperform this quarter.
Keith Jackson: So, we’ve announced the divestiture of one of our factories now, closure of a second one there in Rochester, New York [ph] have both been announced those will be actioned sometime in the next year. And that we have no further ones to announce today. But clearly, the demand picture in 2021 will give us some more direction on timing.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. So, first, I’ll talk about trends. We do see this pandemic as accelerating people’s thoughts and investment in automation. And so, we are seeing that industrial automation piece pick up quite nicely. And we think that, that will be a continued trend because, again, just from a rational business perspective, the biggest impact we’ve had is on the people sort of the more automation we have, the less expectation for further disruption. But broadly beyond just that secular trend, we do see a pick back up. And the factories closed in the first quarter in China. The orders completely stopped. And what we’re seeing now is just a return to a more normal environment that we had pre-Chinese New Year, so not excessively greater than we had pre-Chinese New Year, but very similar to that.
