Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corporation today announced that total revenues in the second quarter of 2011 were approximately $905.8 million, up approximately 4% from the first quarter of 2011. Excluding SANYO Semiconductor, ON Semiconductor historical revenues were up approximately 7% sequentially to approximately $631.5 million in the second quarter. During the second quarter of 2011, the company reported GAAP net income of $41 million or $0.09 per fully diluted share. The second quarter 2011 GAAP net income included net charges of $73.4 million or $0.16 per fully diluted share from special items, which are detailed in schedules included in our earnings release. GAAP gross margin in the second quarter was 29.4%. Included in our GAAP gross margin is approximately $53 million of special items, approximately $31 million relates to the expensing of noncash manufacturing expenses associated with our SANYO Semiconductor acquisition, and approximately $22 million relates to the expensing of upraised inventory fair market value step up. Non-GAAP gross margin in the second quarter of 2011 was 35.2%. Second quarter 2011 gross profit and net income were slightly less than anticipated due to a more adverse impact from the March 2011 earthquake and resulting tsunami in Japan, and manufacturing cost increases from commodity prices and foreign currencies. For SANYO Semiconductor, fab manufacturing activity was approximately 70% of the pre-earthquake second quarter manufacturing forecast. In addition, since the third quarter of 2010, commodity and foreign currency headwinds have impacted total company gross margins by approximately 200 basis points. Second quarter 2011 non-GAAP net income was $114.4 million or $0.25 per fully diluted share. We exited the second quarter of 2011 with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $868.8 million, a record for the company. At the end of the second quarter, total days sales outstanding were approximately 58 days, down approximately 2 days compared with the first quarter of 2011. Internal inventories were down approximately 3 days to 107 days. Internal inventories are still elevated primarily due to the elevated inventories acquired as part of the SANYO Semiconductor acquisition. Included in our total internal inventory is approximately $14 million of bridge inventory associated with the shutdown of our factories. At the end of the week, we will shut down our remaining fabrication facility in Phoenix. With this closure and the related production move to our site in Malaysia, we expect incremental cost savings of approximately $2 million per quarter. Distribution inventories in the second quarter increased as expected to approximately 11 weeks exiting the quarter. We expect to see distribution inventory dollars decrease in the third quarter. Cash capital expenditure during the second quarter were approximately $85 million. We currently anticipate total expenditures for 2011 of approximately $340 million, which includes SANYO Semiconductor. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Third quarter 2011 outlook. Throughout the month of July, end market conditions have deteriorated. While we believe we are prepared to support higher growth of higher demand material ICs, given the more challenging global economic climate, we are planning for a broader range of revenue guidance in the third quarter of 2011. Based upon order booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $895 million to $925 million in the third quarter of 2011. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2011 represent approximately 90% of our anticipated third quarter revenues. The company continues to face the adverse cost impact from the weak U.S. dollar and stronger commodity prices. Any continued strength over current rates in currencies including the Japanese yen, Malaysian ringgit, Philippine peso and Czech Republic kroner will continue to negatively impact our manufacturing cost. Accordingly, we believe it will be difficult to improve on our non-GAAP gross margin percentage in the third quarter. We expect the average selling prices for the third quarter of 2011 will be flat-to-down approximately 1% compared to the second quarter. We expect total cash capital expenditures of approximately $85 million. For the third quarter of 2011, we expect GAAP gross margin of approximately 33% to 35%. Our GAAP gross margin in the third quarter will be negatively impacted from among other items, expensing of appraised inventory fair market value step up associated with our acquisitions of approximately $10 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 34% to 36% in the third quarter. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $200 million to $205 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to total approximately $15 million.  We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $185 million to $190 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $21 million for the third quarter of 2011, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $12 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $8 million to $10 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million. We also expect stock-based compensation expense of approximately $12 million in the third quarter, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our current fully diluted share count is approximately 460 million shares based upon the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the question-and-answer session.
Donald Colvin: That was over the last 12 months before we've estimated that hit, John. Compared to the guidance, essentially, the major delta came from the impact of the earthquake in Japan. And the earthquake hit us before we closed our first quarter and we had limited visibility of the earthquake. To be perfectly frank and honest, I think we were just too optimistic on the impact to our manufacturing and when I do a little bit of forensic rework, the numbers that we guided to were too high and the impact was more severe, particularly on the manufacturing activity in the front end where we lost, as I mentioned in the call, significant amounts of production, which in an environment where you have a high fixed cost, has a very high percentage impact on end recoveries and on the P&L. So that was essentially the major miss. And also, again, we were not helped by the weakening dollar and increased commodity prices. But the major delta was clearly an underestimation of the negative impact of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think we'll be stating this that the [indiscernible] compared to guidance was essentially SANYO. But I mean if you look at the gross margin, it was only slightly down compared to the first quarter. So I think we were just optimistic on guidance. That was what I explained. But going forward, we're still going to be faced with this weak dollar, and the dollar has got significantly weaker throughout the month of July, even this week. And that's just having a negative impact on cost. We've got a lot of manufacturing costs in euros, in yen, in ringgit, in pesos and things like that, are all strengthening against the dollar, and that is negatively impacting the manufacturing. So we have taken some cost reduction actions, but I think what we stated on the call, in the script, was we don't expect any big improvements in gross margin until we start to see some of these currency and commodity headwinds reversing. And that's not happening now. So I also think the guidance is slightly -- midpoint of guidance is roughly flat to slightly down, and that's basically our best view today because of the sheer magnitude of these currency and commodity headwinds. And they do have a material impact in looking at what other companies are seeing, they're seeing the same impact on their business.
Donald Colvin: Well, the cost savings in the second quarter and the P&L were north of $30 million as anticipated. And this is running exactly as scheduled. And so as Keith mentioned, the manufacturing programs that we are clearing over the cost reductions, to ensure there's a good hand over, are progressing appropriately. So everything is on plan and we should be exiting the surplus facilities in the middle of next year as anticipated. One point I just wanted to add, in addition to the headwinds, the slower economic demand in the market has meant that we have taken down our manufacturing run rate in the third quarter as well, Ross. And as you know, that doesn't help your end recovery. So that's the other element that we are having to face, is lower manufacturing activity as we adjust our manufacturing run rates to the current outlook.
Donald Colvin: Well, I mean we are doing everything we can. We announced the closure of a factory here. We are moving more production inside the company and using subcontractors to a certain extent, we're doing that. And also, we are taking actions on removing gold and replacing it with copper, aggressively doing that. We are looking, as we mentioned, shutting down plants, some manufacturing facilities in Japan. So it's not like our operation guys don't have a big list of to dos. So we are also adjusting our manufacturing run rates so that we don't build inventory and align it with the current lower level of demand that we -- compared to what had previously been anticipated. So these are all the actions, there's a whole list of them, taking some vacation as well in the factories, getting rid of expensive weekend shifts and also pushing out capital expenditures that are not necessary to support current levels of demand. So these are all the actions that we're taking, and this is all baked into our forecast.
Donald Colvin: I'll take the first part and I'll give Keith the pleasure of the second. So I mean as far as the operational support, we've always been very transparent. We have a plan that will reduce costs so that when the operational support winds down as anticipated, the closure of the factories will offset that cost. And I can assure you that this is still the plan we are executing and that we have more cost reductions identified than the operational support that will be withdrawn. So that gives us some safety factor. So we are not concerned that any of the tragic events have derailed our cost reduction plans, and as I say, our manufacturing guys have a full plate, but they're still marching to that program.
Donald Colvin: Good question. No, that was more of a negative impact in the second quarter, where we had some older, higher-costs finished goods inventory that we had to use to support the revenue, and we didn't have the end recoveries of the lower cost front end wafers and die. So I don't believe that, that will be a meaningful impact from now on and we are looking forward to a better recovery and actually improve margins in our base SANYO business in the third quarter. Nothing too dramatic, but slightly better.
Donald Colvin: Well, thank you for reminding me I got it right. We fully anticipate that the inventory will fall, the channel inventory will fall in the third quarter both on, it should fall on both a dollar basis and on a weeks' basis. And the trends that we're seeing suggest that, that is underway and that's our anticipation.
Donald Colvin: Channel basically distribution, and most of our distribution businesses is in Asia, so I think that you can expect -- I mean, I think that clearly was quite a lot of inventory purchase just on the back of the tsunami. And with the current weaker global demand, I think distribution has a relatively good stock of a lot of products and that we would anticipate that they would move to more leaner asset model, particularly, as Keith mentioned, the lead times, production lead times have come in. So I think that we should start to see a reduction in absolute dollars and weeks this quarter.
Donald Colvin: Nothing too dramatic. Just the range, we have -- Keith had mentioned, there are some exciting projects we're looking at, particularly a bit of a catch up in things like HIC, inverters, and the SANYO semiconductor. And we have confirmed that we want to invest there. I think that, that is just a normal making sure we invest in the right areas. We have pushed some things out. Clearly, we might not see much of a change in CapEx this year because the pipeline normally has a latency. But what I can tell you is, that first part of next year, it looks like it will certainly not be up over this year and that we have a relatively nice -- we're building a relatively nice amount of capacity cushion compared to current demand levels. But it takes a bit of time to clean out the pipe.
Donald Colvin: A lot of the inventories we called out, some of them -- not a lot of inventory from SANYO and some of that legacy parts and we have a lot of bridge requirement as we closed down the factories. So we want to be cautious there, making sure that we have enough to meet customer demand. So that's something that also doesn't help. We also build up some inventory to facilitate the closure of the facility here that we mentioned. So I think you can expect, as we exit next year, the inventory levels will start to move much closer to our historical average.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think the -- as I mentioned to the question from Ross, Tristan, that that is already embedded in our guidance for the third quarter and we don't give our guidance for the fourth quarter. But the third quarter is already digesting the world recoveries to make sure that our inventories are relatively flat and don't grow in absolute dollars over the second quarter. So that kind of range is what we're aiming at and that is embedded in our third quarter guidance. But I think it's also fair to say that we do have offsets because we can reduce costs. But the raw number, clearly, that is a headwind when you reduce manufacturing activity, but we have offset that by pushing over some expenses, reducing some shift work, taking some vacation, et cetera., to offset that, that's included in our guidance.
Donald Colvin: To be very specific, I mean, our revenue went down and our manufacturing activity went down significantly. And that had a negative impact on the P&L, which is what explained the miss on the earnings, because we didn't have enough experience to model it correctly. If I had to do it again, I would have modeled it with a lower guidance. And both the manufacturing activity and the revenue should increase this quarter. That's what's embedded in our guidance. So we actually got pretty badly hit in the second quarter.
Donald Colvin: Well, I think historically, I've made that comment when we were seeing the U.S. dollar weakening against the euro. And as you know, we have some very feisty competitors in Europe where we slug it out, particularly for things like the automotive market. And so that's certainly applied against European customers fighting in Europe for automotive business. But what we have seen, and this is a new event over of the last several years that has accelerated recently, is the dollar weakening against the whole basket of currencies, in particular, against things like the Filipino peso, the Malaysian ringgit and also the Japanese yen where we have a lot of manufacturing cost. And also, our subcontracting costs in Asia rising because of the weak dollar. And then the weak dollar also resulting in speculation in things like gold, and oil and copper, which we are also big users of. I mean, just simply copper, you wouldn't think that we were using a lot of copper, but we were doing the analysis the other day and I think that the increase in the price of copper is costing something like $1 million, $1.5 million a quarter additional cost. So as you know, copper has also got a speculative premium in there and just pay the price of that. Oil is another one, too, because of freight. So the weak dollar really is impacting a lot of our input cost and our lower cost manufacturing costs, which are now becoming higher cost. That's what's hitting us now.
Donald Colvin: As far as the hedging is concerned, there's no easy way to hedge for these things because these basically are costs in areas that are -- where the currencies are appreciating against the dollar, and the way to hedge will be to shut the place down and move it to a lower cost place, which by the way, we are looking at. But it's very expensive, these kind of P&L hedging. And normally, companies in our business don't really do much of that and we are no exception. As far as the manufacturing in Japan, I do a quick calculation, we have 1, 2, 3, 4 fab sites and a small assembly test site. So a significant amount of manufacturing and a large part of that, as you probably know, is scheduled to be consolidated during the course of next year.
Donald Colvin: No, we give indication, but we don't break it. And I think on the call today, what we did say is that the SANYO gross margin underperformed because of lower manufacturing activity. But we'll give details when we publish the Q.
Keith Jackson: Yes, I think it is mostly reflective of uncertainty of the end markets. There's, very clearly, a lot of questions right now on just how robust the consumer builds will be for the fall and the take-up rates as a result of that. So I think it's really a macro thing. In Japan, there is some questions, to this point, we've talked about customer inventory balancing, where they were unable to get certain types of products and others were available, and what impact that will have, but the bulk of it is just macro uncertainty.
Keith Jackson: Okay. We would expect, as you can see from the guidance, it's slightly up from the previous quarter, so there's no major markets that we expect to drop. We're expecting to see some relative moderate performance in automotive. The traditional ON side should be flattish to up a bit. The SANYO side is one of those macroeconomic uncertainties because that was targeted all at Japan automotive manufacturing. So give or take there, it's nothing dramatic going on. Industrial, I think, still has some strengths to run. It may, again, be one of our strongest -- stronger sequentially performing segments. There is still a pretty good demand for energy-efficient electronics, making a differentiation in replacement in the marketplace. And that actually could be a positive in Japan where there's a lot of focus right now on energy efficiency. So that one is probably going to be one of the stronger ones. Computing, we normally would see very big pop going into Q3. We're expecting that to be much more flattish. And that is reflecting, at least at this stage, apparent less than seasonal demand from the consumer side of the business. Consumer side, as we mentioned in my script, I think we've got continued opportunity in the white goods for the inverter modules, again, energy-efficiency play. There will certainly be some slight builds in the gaming arena as there normally is, so I would say, a slightly positive bias in that marketplace overall. And then Communications is sending us the most mixed signals at this stage. We think it's relatively flat, but the share swaps in the smartphones and the overall demand for smartphones is one of the macroeconomic uncertainties that I mentioned earlier.
Keith Jackson: It certainly has delayed that ramp. Again, we didn't start reaching full production again till just about the end of the second quarter, so we have cycle times in manufacturing that are 3 months or so. So you certainly should expect that to come up slower than we originally anticipated. And of course, we originally anticipated a little better revenues in the early months. But the long-term, meaning 2012, remains completely intact. Our actions we're taking in manufacturing there with consolidations, et cetera, are on track as we presented in earlier meetings.
Keith Jackson: So Ross, we only give guidance one quarter at a time. We should see a more normal situation in Q4 in Japan. Factory should be back up, so you should start seeing some improvement. But to Don's point, the macro environment is not going to be giving us tailwinds, but headwinds, and we don't get the factory closures and consolidations until 2012.
Keith Jackson: On the industrial markets, as I mentioned earlier, we do see them holding strong. The macro economy certainly has an impact, but what we've seen is, that there are many firms making the capital investments now to reduce their operating costs. And so our products give them the opportunity to significantly lower their energy costs and that has been holding up very well, both in the industrial segment and in the white goods segment.
Keith Jackson: So the lead times have come down from kind of the high-teens to the low-teens, so there's definitely been a contraction in lead times. There's no question that, that is having an impact in the marketplace on new orders. And again, it has led to some of that uncertainty in the end markets. So how much of it is just new order patterns, how much of it is macro market, how much of it is inventory correction, that's the reason we gave a wider guidance.
Keith Jackson: So utilization rates, non-SANYO, we're kind of mid 90s in Q2. We'd expect that to go down a bit in Q3, but I don't think it's dramatic in Q3. So maybe toward the low 90s or around 90. So that's the inventory question or the utilization question. On the inventory side, inside, I think we're going to be maintaining a kind of relatively stable numbers coming down a little bit each quarter as opposed to any big correction going forward.
Keith Jackson: So the second quarter, again, as we mentioned earlier, we were slightly better than we had anticipated. We had enough whip and inventory there to offset some of the issues. But frankly, we did not have a big move to create excess of inventory. So we don't think we built a lot of extra inventory in Q2, meaning, we didn't have any headwinds going into Q3. What we have in Q3 is a minor amount of the demand side with customer rebalancing some things, offset with increased production. And so we're actually expecting, as we mentioned earlier, some increase in sales quarter-on-quarter as opposed to a correction of inventory because we just didn't build the inventory in Q2.
Keith Jackson: Absolutely. So the core ON business basically was European, Korea and China. There was very little to no Japan-based automotive business in traditional ON. And we have actually seen very strong demand in China for the high-end European cars, a strong demand in Korea for the Korean cars. And the design wins we've had in North America in the new models has taken a nice step up with our lighting products and some of our energy-efficiency products in the power train. So net-net, we think we're actually gaining share outside of Japan. The SANYO piece was all aimed at Japan, and of course, was the most disrupted with the earthquake. And so that's the dichotomy going on there. So in general, I think we're doing much better than peers outside of Japan and probably very similarly to them in Japan.
Keith Jackson: It has been met very well. We have gotten access at very high levels of the customers there we did not previously have access to get. A result of that, we have had a broad package of Standard Products that have been qualified and approved for use there. And we're actually expecting multiple millions of dollars in increased sales in Q4 of the ON portfolio inside of Japan.
Keith Jackson: So from a new order perspective, our lead times were coming in very rapidly as we went through July. And so the new bookings, clearly, would have been expected to go down and they usually do in July, anyway. So I don't know what you're exactly going for there, but it's...
Keith Jackson: It basically increased our consumer footprint, gave us some automotive. But overall, the biggest piece of the business, the change, was more consumer. And so it should look very much like all our consumer businesses, Q4 tends to be flattish to down slightly normally. With the Japan earthquake, I'm not sure that those seasonalities will be protectable, but that's generally what happens in that quarter.
Keith Jackson: I think there's a few differences between us and many of our competitors. We are a sell-through company. And as we were mentioning, we think that the distributors will be trying to get their inventories down. And so anybody who sell in is probably under more pressure than we are on their revenue lines sequentially into Q3. And I think that's certainly an impact there. We're pretty confident. We're looking at resale rates. We're looking at the OEM orders that we have. As you also know, we're an unusually company amongst some of the peer group you mentioned in the percentage of backlog we have going into each quarter, which is very, very high. So the simple answer is, we feel pretty good about the numbers, as we always do. And differences from competitors, the sell-through nature of our business, plus the very high level of backlog that we enter the quarter on.
Keith Jackson: No. Those are quite strong from a design win perspective, I mean, all of the design win piece of that phase is pretty much behind us. It's really just ramps in the models that happened in the second half. And so as we mentioned before, that should be a positive for us and maybe one of the reasons we're a little less pessimistic than some on what's called back-to-school, et cetera.
