Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate the total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.485 billion to $1.535 billion in the third quarter of 2018. For the third quarter of 2018, we expect the GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 38% to 39% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 38.1% to 39.1%. Factory utilization in the third quarter is likely to be flat as compared to that in the second quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $348 million to $366 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, acid impairments and other charges which are expected to be $29 million to $33 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $319 million to $333 million. We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses as percentage of revenue to decline from current levels during the remainder of the year. We anticipate third quarter GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be $32 million to $35 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expenses including interest expense will be in the $23 million to $25 million. Cash pay for income taxes in the third quarter of 2018 is expected to be $11 million to $15 million. We expect our 2018 cash tax rate to be lower than 10%. We expect toll capital expenditures of $120 million to $140 million in the third quarter of 2018. We also expect share-based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the third quarter of 2018, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share counts for the third quarter of 2018 is expected to be in the $445 million to $447 million shares based on current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the third quarter of 2018 is expected to be 432 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form-10Q and Form-10K. For the full year of 2018, we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $800 million. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sonya, please open up the lines for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: The only clarification there -- thanks, Ross -- is on the fourth quarter, we have a few extra days. That is something that will have to play into the equation. But nevertheless, we still expect to be coming down from the 22% level we have last year and the 21.8% we had in the first half.
Bernard Gutmann: We have basically say we are going to be good and nice progress towards it. The target model is still out for 2020 and we are working in accelerate -- and doing some good progress towards it, but do not expect it we'll need it in 2018.
Bernard Gutmann: I expect it for 2018 to be lower and that's why I said in the prepared remarks and for the 19%, 20%, 10% is still a good number.
Bernard Gutmann: We were just looking at our historical patterns and we feel confident that we don't need as wide as a range for guiding purposes. Historical performance tells us that we should be able to within that range.
Bernard Gutmann: Indeed. There is no additional things except just P&L generated as well as moderating working capital as well as CapEx that will generate -- that will help us generate the $800,000. The use of free cash flow, we do have our share buyback program. We did $40 million in Q2 and we did pay $80 million of debt. We will continue along the same path with similar approach.
Keith Jackson: Understood. Yes. We have been investing specifically to match the growth we've had for the last couple of years looking in the high single digits, low double-digits. That has put a strain in our overall capacity and frankly, we're looking at economical ways to extend that capacity. So we're not getting ahead of things, we're certainly not putting capacity in place that we expect to be idling. The other piece of it is all of the work we've been doing is going to lead to further cost reductions overtime with more automation as we've been investing. So net-net, we're expecting at least another year of high single digit growth. We're investing for that and then we should return to a much more normal 6% to 7% growth.
Keith Jackson: We have been within the range, we were also slightly below the high end of the range, but still within the range in the second quarter. We have targeted to increase our investments in R&D in certain areas that we have talked about -- things like a silicon carbide, LiDAR, all of the power discrete stuff, we have decided to invest a little bit more in that. We have also had strong higher mitigation cost. So in the third quarter, we expect in absolute dollars to still go up although as the percent of revenue will be coming down. Those are the main causes. It's mostly R&D investments.
Keith Jackson: We believe lead times are extended across the board everywhere. We did have a slight increase ourselves in the last quarter. I'm not sure that that will continue to expand. I expect that it will start to normalize quickly as capital expenditures finally catch up in the second half.
Keith Jackson: Yes. On the actual wafer growing side, it's offsetting a lot of increased costs, but frankly, we need that to handle increased demands right now. It's moderating the overall cost in the supply chain as opposed to offering real reductions in total, because again, we need all the capacity there.
Keith Jackson: Yes. We're very encouraged and it's being driven by specific high growth applications in our target markets. So it's not just a strong economy, it's frankly the acceleration of electronic usage in automotive for safety and automation, and industrial for power savings and new applications to support things like charging stations in the market place. So very encouraged, it's a design win pipeline, it is accelerating faster than we expected and not just a strong economy.
Keith Jackson: The buyback, we had for about $1 billion, we have used, we are still around $600,000 available. We did $40 million in the second quarter which we presented about $1.7 million. Now we are still also being down our debt. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we reduced our debt by about $80 million.
Keith Jackson: We've had price increases on substrates from 25% to 40% increase year-over-year and then the lead frame area around 15% year-over-year. Those are very significant pressures. We've been able to partially offset that with some good pricing on our side, not having the declines that we normally see there. Being able to maintain that has partially offset that.
Keith Jackson: Yes, Shawn. Thank you. Definitely, historical pattern shows us that the free cash flow generation is substantially back and low and that we expect that that pattern will continue. We did step up on our CapEx in the second quarter, even beyond 8% to 9% small lift, so expect that will be normalizing to that 8% to 9% and we have some investments as we talked about in working capital. Some of those will be slowing down in the third and fourth quarter. But we expect the operational performance will also help us lift those numbers.
Keith Jackson: Take in reverse order, our ASP expectations and the guidance is relatively benign compared to normal, not increasing. Still a slight decline, but not very much. As far as contributions or margin pressure in our results, the raw materials side of the equation represents roughly 40% or more of the costs for the products. So if you use the percentages I gave you, you'll get a rough idea of how much pressure there was.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Resales in the channel were substantially up and that allowed us to reduce in number of weeks of inventory. It was definitely higher up even than our own internal revenue print out.
Keith Jackson: September quarter as you would guess cease new phone launches, which is the bigger piece of the revenue there. So we are expecting continued sequential increase there per normal. Again, year-on-year comparisons which we gave in our prepared remarks for Q2, certainly things were down. Q3 should see something returning to very similar levels to last year.
Keith Jackson: Basically, there it is performance-based. In most of our sales, we expect to happen in modules where we get to match performance with our full portfolio. So therefore, we do think there is going to be a competitive edge on total efficiency in the marketplace. That growth again starts here in the second half, but we expected it will accelerate significantly in 2019 and by second half of next year provide significant revenue.
Keith Jackson: Well, there's several levels of reasons for constraints. I think the raw material piece of it frankly is under investment that occurred in both silicon substrate markets and lead frame markets for the last number of years. Again, under-calling if you will, the future demands and that's creating a lot of pressure on the supply chain side and then frankly, on the product side, if you can get through that, some of the disruptive applications have taken off much, much faster than people expected. That combination has provided quite a few constraints in the market.
Keith Jackson: I think our company specifically with the M&A that we've done, we've had a change in profile, but directionally, that seasonality is still correct. I would say that in general terms, the Q2 to Q3 has moderated a little bit and it's now around 3% to 4%. It used to be more because you had more computing and consumer and combinations in the number. And now with automotive and industrial, it's a little bit more front-loaded, but hasn't changed materially.
Keith Jackson: Yes. It's driven mainly by industrial and auto and the design wins that we have secured there enhanced strong visibility on. The server market, also same situation where we know what those design wins are next year and then in addition to that, I mentioned in the last call, we're getting long term agreements for supply and those are adding up quickly. So we have much more confidence than we normally would have, looking at a year ahead.
Keith Jackson: We have not seen that in any of the businesses yet. The white goods piece, the tariffs got implemented on the consumer white goods some time ago, several quarters ago. So I'm not sure how that plays out and in the air conditioner market, we have not seen any of those concerns. Quite frankly, we've seen no lack of demand and no hesitation from customers ordering to their run rate.
Keith Jackson: We're expecting to bring it up to about that 50% point and that's our target unless the industry continues to experience difficulties.
Keith Jackson: Yes. The equipment doesn't really get up and running until the third quarter, which means those substrates won't fall through our P&L till the fourth. So we should start seeing benefits in the fourth quarter and full benefit by Q1.
Keith Jackson: You can look at the industry numbers to figure out what the year-over-year market gains would be and all the delta would be from shared gains. I don't know if it's half and half, but it's something in that order of magnitude.
Keith Jackson: Yes, it is. They're better than 20% growth in the automotive sector and that was offset by getting out of the consumer and handset markets. It is somewhat masks at the total level, but we're getting the performance from automotive we expect.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Most of it has been driven by better-than-expected white goods. That market has been good for us and it looks like people there are going for a much more efficient solutions on a percentage of their total bills than they're used to be doing. So we're getting good traction on our modules there.
Keith Jackson: Yes. It was that year-on-year stuff was driven by many factors. Mostly power products and being used for increased efficiency across the entire industrial market. One of the areas that this caused in flattening is a slowing down in the solar market. Particularly in China as some of those subsidies have been relaxed. So that's creating a little bit of the down, but in general, the market remains robust and we expect again very strong growth on the yearly basis.
Keith Jackson: We do assembly test operations in China and I don't have specific numbers with me today, but it's probably in the third range on a dollar value of our total.
Keith Jackson: No. I think the expansion will start slowing. What happened to us and I think has happened across the industry is that lead times or equipment expanded quite rapidly. So things you ordered last year just now coming into the third and fourth quarter. What I'm expecting is that that growth rate will be offset by equipment actually arriving. So I'm looking for a stop to the growth in the lead times in the third quarter with some opportunity for reduction towards Q4, Q1.
Keith Jackson: Well, a significant growth in the sever arena is really from the legacy, or not legacy, but from the Fair acquisition. There is a power stage that they developed or what's growing the fastest in servers right now.
Keith Jackson: Yes. For us it's all content growth because most of the automotive makers take their lines down and convert them for the new models in Q3, which normally causes the disruption and the down part. And this year, the content piece has overwhelmed that.
