Donald Colvin: Thank you, Ken, and thanks to everyone joining us today. ON Semiconductor Corp. today announced that total revenues in the second quarter of 2010 were $583.3 million, an increase of 6% from the first quarter of 2010. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported GAAP net income of $78.7 million, or $0.18 per fully diluted share. The second quarter of 2010 GAAP net income included net charges of $24.7 million, or $0.06 per fully diluted share for special items, which are detailed in the schedules included in our earnings release. Second Quarter 2010 non-GAAP net income was $103.4 million, or $0.24 per share on a fully diluted basis and includes stock-based compensation expense. During the second quarter of 2010, our GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses included approximately $4 million of acquisition-related expenses from our M&A activities that were not previously forecasted. We entered in the second quarter of 2010 with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $467.1 million, a decline of approximately $94 million from the previous quarter. We also exited the quarter with the lowest net debt position in the company's history, at $286 million. In the second quarter, the company prepaid $170 million of senior secured credit facilities and used cash of $22 million for the acquisition of Sound Design Technologies on June 9. At the end of the quarter, total days sales outstanding were flat with the first quarter of 2010 at around 50 days. ON Semiconductor's internal inventory increased slightly from the first quarter on a days basis to approximately 86 days. Included in our total internal inventory is $22 million of inventory related to our acquisitions, or bridge inventory build related to our announced closure of front-end manufacturing lines. Net of the bridge inventory and inventory from recent acquisitions, our inventory days would've been approximately 80 days in the second quarter. Distribution inventories remain low at approximately eight weeks exiting the second quarter. The cash capital expenditures during the second quarter were around $53 million, bringing year-to-date capital expenditures to around $94 million. We currently anticipate spending total capital expenditures for 2010 of approximately $200 million, of which approximately $30 million will be for buildings. Now I would like to turn it over to Keith Jackson for additional comments on the business environment.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Keith. Third quarter 2010 outlook. Based upon current product booking levels, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total revenues will be $585 million to $610 million in the third quarter of 2010. Backlog levels at the beginning of the third quarter were up from backlog levels at the beginning of the second quarter of 2010, and represent over 90% of our anticipated third quarter revenues. We expect average selling prices for the third quarter will be approximately flat compared to the second quarter of 2010. We expect cash capital expenditures of around $50 million in the third quarter of 2010.  For the third quarter, we expect GAAP gross margin of 42.2% to 42.7%. Our GAAP gross margin in the third quarter will be negatively impacted from, among other things, expensing of appraised inventory fair market value step-up associated with our acquisitions. We expect non-GAAP gross margin of 42.5% to 43%. For the third quarter of 2010, we also expect total GAAP operating expenses of $141 million to $145 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which total approximately $10 million. We also expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $131 million to $135 million, which include approximately $4 million of deal-related expense. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be around $18 million for the third quarter of 2010, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $8 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million.  GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $4 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million. We also expect total stock-based compensation expense of approximately $13 million to $14 million in the third quarter of 2010, of which $3 million to $4 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remainder in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our current fully-diluted share count is approximately 445 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and EPS calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session.
Donald Colvin: I think Keith mentioned, Craig, that our revenue is a little bit -- guidance is a bit negatively impacted by the fact that we have a sell-through company. So we are still simulating that, as in the second quarter, the distribution inventories will increase in the third quarter by something like equivalent of 2% of revenues, something in that region, $12 million to $15 million region is what we're looking at today. So we would have had additional revenue if we were a sell-in rather than a sell-through company. And as far as internal inventories, I think similar percentage increases we saw in the second quarter is what we're tracking to currently.
Donald Colvin: We announced about two weeks ago that we were shooting for SANYO to close beginning of November, so that's still on target. And we haven't any update to the integration benefits that we expect to yield. But again, I would just repeat what Keith said, is that within six quarters of closing, within 18 months, we expect that the business will be generating something like a $30 million per quarter contribution. And also, draw your attention to somewhat also increased comments in the formal portion, that our analysis of the business suggests that we will be able, eventually, to run pretty close to the kind of margins we are currently enjoying. And just on a quick personal note, I think I spent quite a lot of time when Keith was in Japan visiting customers, I would spend some time talking to investors, and I really got a lot of information from previous people who had looked to buying this asset. And I think it's fair to say that there was quite a unanimous view that this was a very attractive asset that was very complementary to things that we already do and that we got it for a reasonable price.
Donald Colvin: I've got a very clear indication from shareholders that they would prefer that we do not issue stock at the $6.77, whatever it was level that's worked into the agreement. We have heard that message loud and clear, and we are taking the appropriate actions to keep our shareholders happy.
Donald Colvin: What we stated on the call is that if you look at our EBITDA margin, we are in the mid-20s, and we believe that this business can eventually get to within four or five points of that over some period of time. That's certainly more years than months, but that's the kind of rough approximation we have. There's obviously a higher cost of servicing Japanese customers with a big infrastructure in Japan, which we will be retaining so that's why there's a bit of a haircut.
Donald Colvin: We have previously stated that and I can confirm it, that the Phoenix Fab closure was delayed and that would result in between 1% and 1.5% of gross margin improvement. We haven't finalized that. We are in the process of looking at the demand for the second half, and we'll make that determination. But I think we will certainly make the decision within the next six months or so and that we should benefit from that sometime next year.
Donald Colvin: I think the euro was very volatile. One minute it was down, now it's back up again; it's basically back to where it started. I think the only thing we have is the rapid deterioration of the euro cost some realized foreign exchange losses. But we have a national hedge. Of course, we have a reasonable revenue in euros and a reasonable amount of expense. So I'd say that the main impact was probably we lost a bit of revenue and -- something in the $4 million, or $5 million range of revenue -- because of the weakness. But that looks like it's now back to a stronger position than it was at the bottom. So it's not a big movement for us.
Keith Jackson: I will give you some color on the markets and also talk a little bit about that guidance. We do expect to manufacture and ship more than the high end of the range. The expectation we have, however, is that at this point, the distributors may be starting to build some inventory, and since we're on a sell-through basis, we are discounting any growth in inventories in the distribution channel. So unlike some of the others giving guidance who are on a sell-in basis, the sell-through really does make a difference as the distributors begin to accumulate inventory. From a market perspective, we're expecting very strong performance from the automotive and industrial sectors, and we're expecting strong performance from smart phones. Overall, the rest of the market should be closer to normal, or slightly sub-normal in their sequential patterns.
Keith Jackson: Yes, you're asking for a projection that I'm not sure I have enough data to give you a sound answer. We have not seen abnormal or unusual capacity additions from the industry in general. So I haven't seen anything that alarms me overall. But as long as the demand is slightly higher than where we are today over the next year, I certainly think it will be easily absorbed by the marketplace.
Keith Jackson: Both of those are conjectures. Again, a lot of the backlog is distribution, and I am certain that if we shipped everything that was on backlog, it would turn into inventory. So on a sell-through basis, I have no way of really judging that. We do think that some number of 5% to 10% might be rational for supply less than demand during the quarter, of actually being used. But again, we don't have any way of firmly establishing that. As far as the total capacity, you have to balance our line. Gresham still has plenty of capacity left in it. As we've mentioned before, probably close to a theoretical $700 million worth of capacity is out there, getting to it in mix with front-end, back-end and all of the other supply constraints, of course, means you're going to get a yield less than that.
Keith Jackson: So I'll let Donald check on the exact numbers but approximately $10 million to $15 million of increase, and the absolute dollars are still less than our peak of 2008.
Keith Jackson: Yes. I think we had a slightly better than normal seasonality in the first half of the year. If we look at our numbers, at least, we certainly had that. As I look at Q3 for normal seasonality, we normally would see something that's closer to double-digit growth in computing. And I think we're much closer to mid-single digits in that marketplace this time around.
Keith Jackson: We're at a clip right now of adding somewhere around 8% per quarter of usable capacity. And that will continue through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. But then, that equipment's going to be kind of tapped out and we'll have to see what next year's expenditures will do.
Keith Jackson: Pricing is always complex, there's always gives and takes. It happened to work out kind of flattish in Q2. Normally, things are not stable, so they're going to head up slightly or down slightly as we go to Q3. Our best guess right now is flattish, but I would give a slightly positive bias to that.
Keith Jackson: We're not expecting significant changes in the third quarter, Craig. They remain extended but again, just a brief reminder that the majority of our sales are in special service programs and not subject to lead times. So we're talking about [ph] jet (27:40) warehouses and vendor-managed inventory, et cetera. So the bulk of what we sell and the bulk of our customers don't see those lead times.
Keith Jackson: Again, I'll just point out that we don't have a standardized lead time reporting system amongst semiconductor companies, so I'm not sure how valuable specific numbers are. We still remain in the teens. It's longer than we normally would expect, which is kind of the eight to 12 range. I don't expect them to come in during the third quarter, possibly in the fourth quarter start seeing them come in. And again, this impacts approximately 30% of our customer base.
Keith Jackson: So the gross margin sequential numbers there, the factory utilization should be approximately the same. It didn't change dramatically from Q1 to Q2 and it won't change dramatically from Q2 to Q3. So it's really not a covering fixed assets play here. There is mix involved and certainly we've seen the stronger mix from the markets you mentioned, which should help on the aggregate ASP side. But we also have some increases in our salary base. We do our annual global salary increases in July. So basically, you're getting positive ASP shifts from a market perspective, offset by some increased salaries and the net of that is the improvements that we forecasted.
Keith Jackson: We still see metal costs under pressure. Gold, particularly, continues to be quite high. There's a bit of a fluctuation in the copper and nickel front but, nonetheless, they continue to be some pretty strong pressures on raw material costs.
Keith Jackson: I expect it to grow in the September quarter but not as fast as the ability to supply them product. So in essence, we would expect growth that is near or slightly below our total guidance and growth in inventory beyond that.
Keith Jackson: If demand remains robust -- and it is fairly robust, albeit some of the markets growing a little less than seasonal, it's still a fairly robust market -- and there's no question that the distributors are not shipping all that their customers are asking for right now, having the additional material could help the distribution portion of the sales in the fourth quarter.
Keith Jackson: Mix is probably going to have the biggest impact, as I mentioned earlier, over the next two quarters. And then when we close the Phoenix Fab, as Donald mentioned, you'll get another 1.5% or so, which is pretty substantial. But at least over the next couple quarters, mix is probably the largest element.
Keith Jackson: Other than the data that I get in the comments that I've had from them saying that they are starting to see more material flow, and the pressure is easing, are words that they use. And those are both euphemisms for they've got more inventory.
Keith Jackson: I don't know that I would've gone that far. Our levels out there are still eight weeks, which is not normal. So I do think even with some slight build, it'll be a while before they're "normal" again.
Keith Jackson: I do expect the desktop sector to be weaker than the notebook sector on a sequential basis. But it's tough for us to read that completely because we have products that go cross-platform. But my best guess right now would be that desktop's slightly weaker than the notebooks.
Keith Jackson: No, the ASPs is a broad-based comment. So the more commodity products certainly drive more impact than the proprietary. Our proprietary products, we tend to lock in longer-term deals with our customers on, and so that's pretty stable pricing to start with. It's really the commodities that move more in any given period than the proprietary devices.
Keith Jackson: The comment was actually not Gresham would do $700 million but that Gresham would enable us to build $700 million total. So there's really nothing changed from the Gresham perspective. We still have some capacity left in there to get to that $450 million to $500 million. But the total is what's going up, not Gresham itself.
Keith Jackson: We have good visibility into Q4. Most of our OEMs and distributors have placed orders through the end of the year, and that's pretty normal for when supplies are tight. But again, I'll remind you that, that backlog is pretty much all cancelable at any moment. So again, I wouldn't read anything into that one way or the other. But the answer is yes, we have lots of visibility into Q4 and it continues strong.
Keith Jackson: Gaming is rebounding. We're seeing good builds for the gaming side. We did see a slowdown in television orders after we exited the World Cup. There's some signs now that in Q4, it may be coming back again. But certainly, in the last month or so, there's been some weakness there based on perceived in-TV inventories.
