Bernard Guttman: Thank you Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in range of $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion in fourth quarter of 2018. Included in our fourth quarter revenue guidance is approximately $20 million revenue from manufacturing services provided by ON Semiconductor Aizu, or OSA, which as I indicated earlier is our joint venture in an 8-inch fab. Excluding impact of OSA, our fourth quarter 2018 revenue is expected to be in range of $1.46 billion to $1.51 billion. Recall that as part of joint venture agreement, we may provide manufacturing services to our joint venture partner for up to six quarters, starting with fourth quarter of 2018.  For the fourth quarter of 2018, we expect gross margin to be in range of 37.1% to 38.1%. Our fourth quarter gross margin guidance includes the negative impact of 50 basis points from the manufacturing services provided by OSA. Excluding the impact of OSA, our fourth quarter 2018 gross margin is expected to be in range of 37.6% to 38.6%.  We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $348 million to $366 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges which are expected to be $29 million to $33 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $319 million to $333 million in the fourth quarter. The quarter over quarter increase in our non-GAAP operating expenses in the fourth quarter is primarily driven by three additional days in the fourth quarter of 2018 as compared to those in the third quarter of 2018. We anticipate fourth quarter 2018 GAAP net income and expense, including interest expense, will be $32 million to $35 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $23 million to $25 million.  Cash paid for income taxes in fourth quarter of 2018 is expected to be $8 million to $12 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $135 million to $145 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. We also expect share based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures.  Our diluted share count for fourth quarter of 2018 is expected to be 428 million shares based on current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. For the full year of 2018, we expect to generate free cash flow in neighborhood of $800 million.  With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Chris, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Guttman: So as we said in the prepared remarks, we may serve this for up to six quarters, i.e. through the first quarter of 2020, and I expect pretty stable business during that time frame.
Bernard Guttman: We would do what we have normally done in the past on the gross margin front. The fall-through on the decremental revenue, if there is such a decrement, is about 50%. In cases of a slowdown, you in-source more of the production that’s currently outsourced, so our mix would change towards that. On the Opex front, variable comp and variable commissions would also be directly proportional to or affected by the reduction on that front, and then you take the normal belt tightening actions that occur in any slowdown.
Bernard Guttman: The 50% is obviously a yardstick. We think it is a good representation of a long term thing. Yes, we do have some in between spikes where we are [indiscernible] or not. In the long run, we also have the mix impact that will also push us to have higher than 50%. The 50% is just steady state. On top of that, you can add the mix which should over time also get us some incremental amount. On the op margin, we’re still targeting to do our 19% from our target model. We have done some nice progress, gotten to about 17.8% in the third quarter, and expect to continue making progress towards that as part of growing opex at half of the pace of revenue growth and getting the gross margin leverage we just talked about.
Bernard Guttman: We have taken a balanced approach towards paying down debt as well as buying back shares. The buying back shares, we announced in the second quarter we’re going back into the market and we’ll obviously take a look at dislocations that occur in the market as we go through that.
Bernard Guttman: Capacity utilization in third quarter was in the mid to high 80s. Expect that to be similar, maybe coming down slightly in the fourth quarter. Then silicon carbide, we are outsourcing the raw wafers, we have long term agreements on that front. We do internally our own raw wafers for regular silicon, and we talked about that several times that we are increasing our capacity to serve more and be less dependent on these input costs, but not on internal--not on the silicon carbide right now.
Bernard Guttman: Sure. So in the fourth quarter, the gross margin decline beyond the OSA is mostly just revenue related than utilization. We’re guiding to a lower number than the third quarter’s actuals. It is approximately a 50% fall through on the decremental revenues, so there is nothing bigger there. Contracts or pricing continues being quite benign, and we’re seeing that also in our annual contract negotiations. 
Bernard Guttman: Let me answer the three extra days. Historically when we have had--our experience on the three extra days is that you really get very little in terms of extra revenue because you’re looking at the holiday season during that time frame, but you have to pay the people so it is mostly affecting opex but with very little offset in the incremental revenue. It’s part of our revenue guidance, already embedded. 
Bernard Guttman: The linearity has been pretty steady. We haven’t seen any massive changes there. From the revenue point of view, Q3 is typically back end loaded and Q4 is typically front end loaded, but we’re not seeing any difference in our normal patterns.
Bernard Guttman: Oh yes. We always--as a matter of business, we always like to have multiple source qualifications, and we talked about potentially having some footprint consolidations which we have also indicated that with the high demand we have right now, we are not executing to, but it is always something that we have in the back of our minds in case we have a disruption in a more--in a stronger downturn.
Keith Jackson: Obviously depending on market conditions. That can vary, but at this stage we see them remaining stable at least through the first half of next year.
Keith Jackson: Our forecasting is done the same way. We look at our backlog and profiles that are going on from customers and our new orders, etc. as we get into the quarter. If you want to talk about contrast, I will point to the fact that our power content specifically in the markets I talked about, we believe to be substantial and different from many of our competitors, and that is indeed where most of the strength is. I think there’s a little bit of product mix between companies that shows up and also which customers are being served, but in our case we really do think it’s strong demand on a content basis in the markets we mentioned.
Keith Jackson: We don’t have visibility on that quite yet. We service the consumer piece--or excuse me, the white goods piece in China through distribution, and they are not giving us any indication of when that might come back at this stage, but it’s a relatively small portion of our total business.
Keith Jackson: We’re not seeing any weakness. We are seeing this year, unlike last year, some shutdowns for them to have their maintenance periods that didn’t occur last year, but as I mentioned before, our content gains have far offset those.
Keith Jackson: Yes, of course you’re never immune from slowdowns in unit production, but our new designs and the models that are now ramping, 2019 models, the content gains there are in the double digit range, so therefore if your SAR comes down a percent or two, you still see strength coming on. The only other impact that you could have had there, Ross, is significant over-inventories, and we’ve seen no signs of that, so if you put it all together, we continue to see good growth.
Keith Jackson: In general it’s normal seasonality except some slight weakness in the China marketplace, as we discussed. It’s not significant, so it’s slightly down versus flattish normal seasonality.
Keith Jackson: The only worries we’ve seen have been in China on some of the consumer type marketplaces. Basically concerns there, I think, are reflected in the weaknesses we’ve talked about, but otherwise we haven’t seen any significant impact to change in backlogs or order patterns.
Keith Jackson: I think we’re happy at the low end of our range - in fact, we’re very happy at the low end of our range, and what we’ve done with our distributors there is help them with visibility in our systems and manage the order patterns so that we stay there. The real objective is to stay pretty close to the bottom half of that range as we go through the cycles, or through the seasonality, I should say.
Keith Jackson: The reason we own the majority interest, quite frankly, is we wish to use all of that capacity over time. This is a structured phase over to make that happen, and they have customers that need to be supported, so as part of the whole deal we had a preplanned phase over in that capacity. The real issue is we need to fill that up with our products, and of course as we do that, the margins for our products are significantly better.
Keith Jackson: I’ll take them separately. On the computing side, the cloud server business has moved from a 20% of our computing business up at least 10 points from that year on year, and we see that trend continuing into 2019, so a very significant increase in the cloud server portion of the total business. On the infrastructure piece, it has always been the smaller portion of our communications business, but again from a percentage basis it’s come up a couple of points year on year.
Keith Jackson: Yes, again it has been the significant content increase we have had primarily in medium and high voltage marketplaces. It is quite stable, it’s just longer than normal. We’re not really seeing any volatility in the numbers, but the demand remains high and so those lead times will remain extended.
Keith Jackson: Certainly 5G is a factor, although it’s early in that ramp-out, so that’s some of it. The other piece frankly is just content increases we had in the new models of handsets that rolled out. Those from a build perspective, our customers are still showing us good demand in Q4.
Keith Jackson: On the computing side, our content will continue to go up with the new processor releases, so we see that as a very positive trend. We believe also our share gains should be going up, so similar to what went on in the notebooks a few years ago, we are expecting a continued positive story on the compute side. In the handsets, the ones that will launch in the first half of next year will also have that increase gains, so that should also again be a good story relative to seasonality. 
Keith Jackson: The 70% is for ADAS overall. I think we’re about 55% if you include all viewing in cars. We see that continuing. I think again we believe we have increased that a bit for next year’s models, so we expect that to continue to ramp up in double digits next year.
Keith Jackson: Our pricing patterns this year have been quite benign, as Bernard talked about. I would expect going into next year, the first quarter should be better than normal, but obviously the rest of the year we’ll have to wait and see what the markets provide.
Keith Jackson: On the long term pricing trends, we are getting higher content for sole sourced products, and so we would expect that that would become more muted--the typical 1 to 2% would become more muted each year. 
Keith Jackson: Yes, so most of them are higher end models, and it’s about half China-based and half non-China OEM-based, when you add it up in aggregate. That’s been a fairly stable position. We strive to have some balance in that market because picking winners and losers is a difficult job.
Keith Jackson: The production based on the capital investments we made this year will get us to about 50% internal supply, and I don’t see that shifting significantly in 2019.
Keith Jackson: We really don’t have any indication that that’s what’s going on. Again, if you look at the percentage of products that are imported back into the U.S., I don’t know how significant that could be, but certainly we’ve been given no indications from customers that that’s what’s going on.
Keith Jackson: We are not giving specifics on that yet, but as I mentioned, in total silicon carbide would be in the tens of millions this year, ramping multiples each year.
Keith Jackson: Again, we’ve seen very positive demand signals. Bernard mentioned a book to bill over 1, that is in aggregate and comprehends the weaknesses we talked about in China consumer and industrial areas. Both of them, I would say are seasonal. The automotive piece is higher than seasonal because of content gains, and the industrial piece when you offset for the weakness in China is pretty close to normal. 
Keith Jackson: That actually started developing in the third quarter, I’d say kind of the August time frame, so it wasn’t the end of the month, and it stabilized very quickly after some initial adjustments.
