Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Now for the third quarter of 2016 outlook. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $885 million to $925 million in the third quarter of 2016. Backlog levels for the third quarter of 2016 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated third quarter revenues. We expect inventory at distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $45 million to $55 million in the third quarter of 2016. For the third quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 34.6% to 36.6%. Factory utilization in the third quarter is likely to be flat as compared to the second quarter. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $225 million to $237 million. Our GAAP operating income include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $25 million to $27 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $200 million to $210 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $31.5 million to $41.5 million for the third quarter of 2016, which include non-cash interest expense and pre-acquisition interest expense of approximately $22 million to $29 million. GAAP net interest expense includes interest related to the prefunding of acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9.5 million to $12.5 million. Cash paid for income taxes is expected to be approximately $5 million to $9 million. We also expect share based compensation of approximately $13 million to $15 million in the third quarter of 2016, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the third quarter of 2016 is expected to be approximately 420 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Christy, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure, John. So, on the levers, we have talked about those in the past being manufacturing footprint, being also potential migration from 6-inch to 8-inch, just in general productivity improvements, our normal operational improvements in the factories, also potential look now that we are a bigger company, but potentially not focusing on certain areas or divesting for certain less profitable areas. And in general, we said on a normal amount we are 50% volatile on incremental revenues. Leverage on operating expenses, we should still see there, and we had a few things in the second quarter that contributed to OpEx being higher. Some of it was indeed the fact that we had taken some temporary measures to offset cost in the fourth and first quarter, which now, we have went back to lower levels. We also had a few expenses associated with the Fairchild transaction that we did not pro forma out, that are contributing to that level. In general terms, right now, our expectation is that OpEx is – we are not going to change our investment levels in OpEx, and the only increases we should expect are inflationary increases. In the third quarter, our expenses are going up because we have our full co-merit (23:19) increase, that's the main reason our operating expenses are going up.
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, we feel very optimistic about achieving or exceeding those targets. We have basically stated that we will get about, exiting (28:58) velocity of about 50% of those synergies after six months, and that's still is in our plans, and the completion of the rest within the next 12 months.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure. In general terms, mix will be a tailwind. We are purposefully focusing on automotive, industrial and wireless. All three have better-than-corporate-average gross margins. Obviously, there is some seasonality balance within that, but in general terms, the mix should be a favorable. And in general, just on utilization, our fall through model shows about a 50% incremental contribution to the bottom line based on incremental revenue. So, in addition to that, that's we had talked about. We announced the $15 million footprint consolidation that will help us as we go into the 2017 timeframe. And as we have said, we will be announcing more things as they become clear in the future.
Bernard Gutmann: Yeah. But in general terms, the relative strength we're seeing is pretty much across all the geographies.
Bernard Gutmann: So for the Fairchild debt, we have a term loan B for $2.2 billion at a LIBOR plus 4.50%, with the LIBOR floor of 75 basis points. And we will also draw $200 million on our revolver at a slightly better interest rate. And yes, the current plan is to retire the – convert them when it becomes due in December.
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, I expect that demand will not change drastically. They have been reducing their inventories over the last couple of quarters in a nice way, so they're going to be aligned or slightly lower than our numbers. But in general terms, obviously, we will look at from the synergistic point of view there is opportunity to take inventories out. We will do that, but I don't expect it to meaningfully change our model.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, I can't share specifics on them since we've not closed the transaction yet, but I would not anticipate the margin profile that you see as a continuing expectation. I think they will bounce back nicely in the near future.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, on the automotive side, we actually had two customers that were doing some inventory correction for their company-specific situations, which had a little less growth in automotive than we had anticipated. And on the computing side, the adoption of the Skylake platform was actually slightly faster than we expected going into the quarter. So that gave a nice pop to the computing segment.
Keith D. Jackson: Not significant. Basically, the NXP business does not match the Fairchild profile to a high degree, so really not expecting much of a change there.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So, on the closing milestones, we've been in communication with the FTC and had quite a few exchanges there. We believe that we're in a situation where we're going to have satisfactory conditions to close here shortly. The Commissioner (25:37) still have to vote on that but we're not anticipating further issues. The ignition IGBT business, that was referred to, is actually ON Semi's ignition IGBT business that is being sold and we do expect that also to be closing shortly as part of the Fairchild merger deal.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So that high-single-digits is actually true year-on-year including this year. So it's not a future event. It's actually we expect that in 2016 as well. And it's really based on the adoption of the adaptive safety, the advanced safety features and the adaptive driving features, we thing, is going to be at a pace such that even with little to no growth in automotive unit sales, we will still see that kind of rate with our automotive content specifically because we have such a good position in the areas that are being adopted in new models so aggressively.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. In general, we've got good inventory positions around the world. I mentioned earlier a couple of customers had a little bit more than they desired in the second quarter that was mostly in Japan. But the rest of the world seems quite healthy.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We'll give more details on that after we close the transaction, but over the longer term, we will continue to reduce our footprint into larger, more efficient factories.
Keith D. Jackson: That is – first of all, seasonally, the first half is the best for industrial. And so you got a strong seasonal headwind. And then specifically, we actually did have some very, very good performance in that marketplace with the design wins we had. So we're sure there's some share gain in there as well, but it is normal for that market to be up strongly in the second quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, we're expecting broad expansion in both China and non-China handsets as you go through the third quarter. It is the time that most of our customers launch their new models. And of course, they do all those builds for the fourth quarter starting in September. So it's really broad based and reflects the profile of our customer base.
Keith D. Jackson: So we have kind of an 8-week to 15-week range and some of the end markets driving that are wireless as we just mentioned with some very nice ramps in the third quarter and then in specific spots in industrial.
Keith D. Jackson: We have not seen that to-date. Certainly, we service that market a lot through distribution and those inventories are actually getting leaner. So we've certainly not seen any of that yet.
Keith D. Jackson: We're still in the low 25%, 35% range of Skylake versus other platform. So we think it still takes to the end of the year before that becomes the majority platform.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So, normally, our industrial market, I'll just start with that one, is stronger in the first half than it is the second. So it kind of gets flattish as you get in to the third quarter. Computing normally would increase in the third quarter, but specifically there are increases that are going to be due to Skylake platform ramps as opposed to more computers being built. Handsets almost always go up in the third quarter, that's when they launch new platforms and get ready for the seasonal builds at the end of the year. So that's usually up strongly. Consumer also tends to be up in the third quarter, again, pre-builds for the holiday seasonality – and have I missed any? Automotive. Automotive for us normally is slightly down in the third quarter as automobile companies take down their plants for new tooling on the new models for a week or two. So it's just slightly down to flat but then picks up again in the fourth quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So, on the PC front itself, we expect the Skylake transition to largely be over as we enter next year. So from a dollar content perspective, there are no big drivers for 2017. Share gain, obviously, as things we can continue to drive, but dollar content should be relatively stable through 2017. For the server area, there are more opportunities there, in specifically the power area. And we do expect to have offerings in 2017 for that.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. No. Actually, bookings have been up strongly and they've been much stronger in the summer season as this approach than we normally see. So, from an order pattern perspective, we're very encouraged, but from a macro perspective listening to the financial prognosticators on the news is not so exciting. So, I'm not sure how to reconcile those, Steve, but from the order patterns, we're very pleased.
Keith D. Jackson: Could be. Basically, we've been in a I guess a very lean position for a long time now, and certainly, individual customers may be coming a little more sensitive to that with the ramps of particularly handsets in the third quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I'll let Bernard answer. I don't know that there's any huge discernible win (39:45). The handset market is pretty much all China for us from a build perspective, and so that's going to show the strongest profile.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I wish I could say that. It's really got a lot more consolidation to go before the supplier side of it, the semiconductor side that has enough strength against a very consolidated customer base.
Keith D. Jackson: The majority of the growth is handsets. The networking side is a much smaller portion for us and continues to grow, but the handsets will be the story in Q3.
Keith D. Jackson: So the answer is they'll start showing up in the fourth quarter. I think as we planned and spent more time there, I think we've confirmed what we expected and we now have solid plans in place for execution. So we've got high confidence as opposed to new discoveries.
Keith D. Jackson: We have not seen order rate declines or inventory growth in the channel for us on automotive. The commentary on Q3 is very specific to model changeovers, and as again, very normal course of business.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I think there is no question that there was inventories being worked off in the first half. I think we commented on that in the first quarter. Areas like white goods, for example, look like they have pretty much worked through that and in the computing and consumer segments likewise. So, I think the Q2 numbers and inventory reductions that we've seen in our supply chain indicate to me that most of those have been taken care of now, and so, you're seeing just a bit of normal market behavior.
