Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Before I go into the details of the fourth quarter guidance, let me point out that the fourth quarter has two extra days as compared to the third quarter of 2017. As the fourth quarter is predominantly front-end loaded, we don't expect incremental revenue due to the extra two days in the quarter. However, we will have to bear fixed costs and operating expenses for the two extra days in the fourth quarter, and these costs will have slightly negative impact on gross margin and operating expenses for the fourth quarter. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that the total ON Semiconductor revenues will be $1.325 billion to $1.375 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2017 represent 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter revenue. For the fourth quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 36.3% to 38.3%. Factory utilization in the fourth quarter is likely to be down sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $324 million to $345 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges which are expected to be in the $30 million to $37 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $294 million to $308 million. The increase in operating expenses in the fourth quarter as compared to those in the third quarter is primarily driven by two extra days in the fourth quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter GAAP net income and expense, including interest expense will be in the $33 million to $36 million, which includes noncash interest expense of $8 million to $9 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense will be in the $25 million to $27 million. Cash paid for income taxes in the fourth quarter of 2017 is expected to be $17 million to $21 million. Cash taxes are higher in the fourth quarter due to the timing of 2017 tax payments between quarters as recorded by the tax authorities in the jurisdictions we do business. We expect our 2017 cash tax rate to be 10%. We expect total capital expenditures of $140 million to $160 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. As I indicated earlier, our capital intensity in the fourth quarter of 2017 will be higher to compensate for the lower capital intensity in the first three quarters of the year. Our target of 6% to 7% annual capital intensity remains unchanged. We also expect share-based compensation of $16 million to $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, of which approximately $2 million is expected be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2017 is expected to be in the 431 million to 433 million shares based on the current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2017 is expected to be 428 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And, Sonia, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: The majority of it comes, as you stated, from the insourcing of assembly and test activities which will start ramping towards the end of this year and will really ramp into 2018. We have launched multiple CapEx programs associated with that, and they're all in the works. So, we expect that to start really in earnest as we go into next year.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as debt matures naturally, we have redeemable debt, at that time we'll continue paying debt down. And we'll be discussing with our board the capital allocation policy going forward.
Bernard Gutmann: Thanks, Chris. So, we believe our normal blended seasonality for the fourth quarter is in that 2% to 4%, so approximately 3%, which we believe that our guidance matches that normal seasonality. Fairchild had a more pronounced seasonality than ON, but the combined blended average is that approximately 3%. For Q1, we look in that range of zero of 2% down.
Bernard Gutmann: So, thanks, Craig. Definitely, we are very happy with the free cash flow evolving right now. It does provide us a significant amount of increased confidence that we will be able to achieve our promised target model. And indeed, it would point into potentially even accelerating that target.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the Fujitsu joint venture is not included in that number. That's recorded in a different place on the cash flow statement. So, it is incremental on top of the regular CapEx.
Bernard Gutmann: Definitely, it's part of our factory footprint plans. When we announced it on October 10, we basically said that getting to that incremental 30% in ownership will cost us $18 million. That's a very, very cost-effective way of getting incremental capital, much better than if we had to buy just the pure equipment, and it will definitely give us a significant amount of 200 millimeter incremental capacity that will help us relieve some of the tightness we have in some of our packages in markets.
Bernard Gutmann: Definitely, we are trying to be prudent in the way we forecast. But as I also mentioned, we are going to spend a lot more CapEx in the fourth quarter as compared to what we spent in the first nine months. Our guidance is $140 million to $160 million in CapEx for the fourth quarter as compared to $90 million in the third quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you. So, the second quarter is typically in that 3% to 4%. The third quarter, approximately the same. And then the fourth quarter is down that 3%, just like we talked about earlier.
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly. I think the first comment on secular is really looking at longer-term growth trends. We've mentioned many times in automotive that the electrification and automation there is going to be driving significant growth independent of economic cycles. We have the same kind of feeling about industrial. There are a lot of applications there where we're automating buildings, we're looking at automating manufacturing et cetera, and those trends will supersede any kind of economic cyclicality. So, we think those are the two dominant drivers making us much more secular. Secondly, relative to how we see the cycle, we continue to see strength on all fronts from our customers. And as we look out to – we don't see any macroeconomic landmines on the horizon. And so as a result, we expect to see continued growth into a longer-than-normal semiconductor cycle.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. They've been operating not too far from the mid-teens for some time. They went up marginally here in the last quarter. Some of the capital we're bringing in here in Q4 should start to alleviate that by the middle of next year.
Keith D. Jackson: We have active authorization for stock buyback. But the board is discussing whether there are other means similar to what you just discussed that might be better in the long term for the shareholders. And so, we won't give any more clarity to that until next quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. We continue to drive technologies specific to automotive that we think are a competitive advantage across the board. We also have many years of experience in automotive reliability and quality, along with cyber security and functional security. So, we think we've got a lead there that we can maintain with continued investments specific to the automotive industry.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. We believe we continue to be cost-competitive there, having driven like we do in all of our product lines, very good supply chains, and very good manufacturing efficiencies.
Keith D. Jackson: So, normally, we see 5% to 6% price erosion a year. We are currently experiencing less than that rate, and I would expect that to continue into next year. Our annual cost reduction internally, we try to target to be faster than those price erosions. And so, I would expect to see margin pick-up. Exact basis points, I'm not sure I can give a forecast on, but it should be quite favorable in our margin gains towards our targets.
Keith D. Jackson: Most of that did come from server power, and I would expect going forward that, that will be the increases that you see. For a lot of reasons in the end markets, the kind of personal computer use has flattened out and plateaued. So, it's really – we're looking for growth from the server power side.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So, obviously, we have the same forecast everyone has on SAAR. We're looking at the low 1%, 2% ranges. But from a content perspective, significant more adoption on ADAS we think gives us kind of the high single-digit opportunity in 2018.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Those are diverse questions. Book-to-bill continues to be above 1 in automotive as, frankly it is in all our markets right now, so I'm not going to give those numbers. On the AI front, there's two areas that we collaborate on. One is with the power for AI. It's going to – there's significantly more compute power and this is a part of our power supply program. And then secondly, interfacing with all of the sensors and the sensor interface products is predominantly where we interface with the AI people directly on the signal side.
Keith D. Jackson: So, we are only selling silicon carbide power devices. We don't sell substrates, and that market is growing quite rapidly. It needs more than one supplier and there are I think two or three total competitors out there. So, we see a lot of healthy growth there in a market that is going to explode, quite literally, from a growth perspective in 2018, 2019 timeframe.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. You get much higher efficiencies in your power conversion, which means you don't have to do as much cooling, and that removes a lot of cooling weight from the automobiles giving them longer battery lives, et cetera. You also get much more dense power solutions, so they can be much smaller to get the same performance.
Keith D. Jackson: So, the direct revenue quarter-on-quarter between two and three was a $12 million reduction that we saw in that. From a year earlier, it was much higher but quarter-on-quarter about $12 million. Yes, there were later launches for certain other phones. We do expect to have the opportunity for a stronger than normal seasonality in Q1. How much is yet to be determined.
Keith D. Jackson: Details will be coming out in the 10-Q, but that mobile business has completed its divestiture. The other ones we referred to will be smaller than that one that will be announced here in this quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Silicon carbide, we're supplying today into the industrial market. Basically it goes in the modules, power modules that we have, IGBTs in today. So, some of it is displacement of IGBTs with silicon carbide in the same modules, giving us higher efficiency. And some of it, to your point, does open up new applications where either power density or thermal capacity are most important. GaN will continue to grow at a much slower pace. Our belief is that silicon carbide will be growing very, very quickly but gallium nitride power devices will take off much more slowly.
Keith D. Jackson: It would actually – I mean, it's negligible. The answer to that is, again, we're anticipating that move and so there's nothing in the guidance.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So, it's shaping up strong compared to normal seasonality. But again, specific metrics will have to wait.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So, for clarification, the upper single-digits is for total automotive growth, not just in those applications. Things like ADAS are actually in the 20s-percent growth year-on-year, and LED headlights are in the high teens. So, the aggregate number is high single-digits, just for clarity. So, we are expecting very fast growth in the developing areas inside the car, but we have a large business that includes internal combustion engines that is not growing as fast. So, the net of that is high single-digits. And then as far as other areas, there are many areas in the car growing. They're replacing all the motors with new brushless DC motors. We've got the EV and hybrid electronic applications that can add up to $200 per car and silicon carbide certainly is a contributor to that. But in those modules, it could be $40 to $50 additional for silicon carbide.
Keith D. Jackson: We're just giving that guidance based on the broad-based exposure we see in the marketplace. There is nothing that stands out as being a problem. Maybe a pause, but there's no problems.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. A couple of very significant factors. One is we have grown significantly model-year-over-model-year with customers in areas like cell phones that use distribution and EMS as their primary sources. So, basically, outgrowing with some of those customers. Secondly, of course, Fairchild, big impact on that. They were much more distribution than ON was from a legacy perspective, and those numbers flow through as well. So, a combination of what was traditionally OEMs moving more into the EMS disti channel plus Fairchild really have changed the nature of that number. But we track very closely – continue to track very closely the sell-through, even though we are now on sell-in, and we continue to drive inventories down. So, we just don't see any signs of overheating.
Keith D. Jackson: I think the biggest impact this cycle, which is a strong cycle right now, has been working with our distributor partners to make sure that we did not increase inventory there. That typically is what has the biggest impact on lead times is overordering and distribution.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. As I mentioned, in the industrial sector, we've had offerings for a while and so, have good visibility on that growth. And our first automotive win is going to production Q3 of 2018.
Keith D. Jackson: Sure. So, wireless charging has been, again, nothing new, much slower to develop than we anticipated. And most of the applications appear to be going for multimode charging which we've introduced devices for now. The big driver there we expect to be handsets, and we expect to see, again, some improvement here in 2018 but for 2017 was not a significant event.
Betsy Van Hees: Good morning, and thanks so much for taking my questions, and congratulations on the strong quarter and guidance. Thanks so much for providing us the typical seasonality for Q1. Given that you've got Fairchild under your belt for quite a long time now, I was wondering if you could walk us through what typical seasonality is for the quarters Q2, Q3, and Q4 of the combined companies. It would be very helpful for modeling purposes. Thanks.
Betsy Van Hees: Thanks, Bernard. That was very helpful. And then Keith, in the past, you've talked about wireless charging and it's been in your prepared remarks and I see you don't mention it this time. So, I was wondering if you could give us an update on where things stand with wireless charging. Thanks.
Betsy Van Hees: Thanks so much. Appreciate that, Keith, and once again, congratulations on the strong results and the guidance.
