Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Specifically, on the first quarter, we did see a slowdown through the quarter. Specifically, if I were to break it, you can think about it after Chinese New Year, typically, we would expect a slight recovery or back to linearity, and we didn't -- that's where we started to see some of the incremental softness that we talked about, specifically in auto. As far as the silicon carbide, I think it's too early in the year to call a market. What I'm basing my comments on, and specifically the 2x growth, is really a bottoms-up share gain that we have based on a vehicle-by-vehicle and socket-by-socket that we're designed in. And we know what the sockets and the designs of the platforms are out there. What is pending to see today, and like I said, it's early in the year still, is the sell-through of these vehicles. As we get through the second half of the year, that picture will get clearer. I'll get a little bit more accurate as far as what the market would do. But for right now, we're looking at it as are we designed in more than 2x the sockets that are deployed this year, and the answer is yes. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I'll -- let me try to clarify here. First off, I'm not going to call the bottom. I was very clear last time, I'll call it when I'm sitting on the top on the other side. But what we are seeing -- we did see the slowdown -- that slowdown -- inventory digestion and demand. And I believe the 2 are related persistent in our outlook for Q2. But for the second half, we are starting to see stabilization in demand. Now I wouldn't go as far as calling it a recovery. But I think if I were to use a letter that everybody talks about, it's an L at this point, meaning we're seeing stabilization, we're seeing recovery, meaning it's not deteriorating further. Now whether or not the demand will pick up, that's too close to call that. But at least we see stabilization in our outlook. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So on the first question, we're not breaking up the silicon carbide on a quarterly -- last year, we annual and we talked about, for both competitive reasons, we're not breaking up the quarterly. What we have said is, it will obviously increase in 2024 from 2023, but we will update the annual year or the annual results for 2024 as we get towards the end of the year. As for the low-cost EVs, it's an interesting dynamic in the market. Our position, we will benefit regardless of what technology the customer uses, whether it's silicon carbide or IGBT. And we have seen areas where we have benefited from both, whether at the same customer account or even in the same platform. What I also want to highlight is we've been pushing the efficiency on silicon carbide, both device and package with our new generation that we're -- we've announced and designed in -- to customers, where it will be ramping in the second half of this year, specifically with a lot of the China OEMs that you can argue are at a low-cost or low-price point for a low-cost EV. Those have also silicon carbide because the dynamic that you see, the benefit they get from using onsemi's silicon carbide with onsemi's packaging from a module perspective, given the efficiency that they will save way more dollars on the battery than they were just going from silicon carbide to IGBT. So from a system-level solution, the battery is the biggest bond and they can save battery by using any of the technology, they win on the low cost, and we've seen customers do that. But regardless of what technology and what system level of cost they want to optimize, we will benefit, whether it's silicon carbide or IGBT. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. The -- I think the gross margin is -- for silicon carbide is stable. As we talked about last year, it will remain stable as we increase revenue, but we've also added capacity. So kind of the utilization and the growth will offset each other to give us that stability in the gross margin. Longer term, of course, you got the utilization as we grow into our installed footprint. So that will give us a nice upside on the gross margin. As we ramp internal substrates, that will give us -- the incremental gross margin that gets us to -- be above the 50% that we talked about. And as we march closer to the model -- for the corporate level model at 53% long term. Now one thing I do want to highlight is we also are making incremental improvements on our efficiency side, which means that we are able to service the same level of power that the customer require with a smaller die. So from a system-level cost, we are also making technology improvements in order to improve our cost.  So between the cost, the new products that we talked about earlier, and growing into the capacity, that's where that's going to give us the incremental margin. We see it in the standard margin if you take out underutilization. And that's what we're going to grow into. So we're pretty comfortable with our trajectory on silicon carbide margin, and we'll continue to execute. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I think at a high level, between the market, your comment is true. I don't think from an overall -- from the automotive side, the second part of your question, I don't think it's only on the silicon carbide.  Silicon carbide, I think it's well understood in general as far as the TAM. But our growth on silicon carbide is really more on share gains rather than just specific to total market. And we've been very consistent about that. 2024 is still on track for that. But we did see incremental softness in automotive on the silicon side as well, which is more on the broader aspect of automotive. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the first part of the question. It's been pretty consistent. You can think about it as 80-20, 80% auto, 20% industrial, give or take. Depending on the quarter and when the ramp happens, they're a little bit asynchronous ramps based on the end market. As far as diversification, we've been very consistent on 2024 will be more diversified than what 2023 was. That remains the case. Last quarter, we called out ramps in automotive OEMs in Europe starting to ramp EV with onsemi silicon carbide. The comment I made today is further proliferation in the Chinese EV, which today is the biggest penetration of electrification in light vehicle production.  Between those 2 efforts as these ramp in the second half getting us to that 2x market that I talked about, that's going to come with further diversification across all geographies. Very consistent with where our LTSAs originally were, and where the ramps have started to occur. So predictable, consistent and we're executing to that. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. If you go back to our last Analyst Day where Sudhir, in his prepared comments, he talked about the power tree being very similar in automotive, industrial and cloud and data center. We've talked a lot about our penetration and our success in auto and industrial, and we've shifted our focus over the last 3 years to the cloud and data center. And at Analyst Day, we talked about that outlook being about 22% CAGR over the next 5 years. That's what our investment thesis has been. We've been introducing products both on the power discrete side, and furthermore on, call it, controllers and point of load and so on, which is more on the intelligent power coming from our Analog and Mixed-Signal Group that we've organized around that effort. So all of these put together are where our investment has been. I talked more about it this quarter than I did last quarter even just because of our progress on it. Last quarter, I talked about our success in sampling, a lot of these products coming from that group. We're further sampling and engaging with customers. I'm very bullish about it. You'll hear more about it as we get through the year. But the target markets are auto, industrial, but on top of that is the cloud and data centers. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I've always been very consistent on -- we compete on the value of our products. Because at the end of the day, if you don't have value in the product, somebody somewhere is willing to take a lower margin for just good enough. That's not the business we're in. Therefore, maintaining our investments and maintaining an aggressive road map that provides value for the customer. From a customer perspective, they need to be looking at it by -- if I use onsemi, I can save hundreds of dollars on battery versus if I use somebody maybe cheaper locally, and I will have to add that cost on the battery. If that is the case, which is what we do and why we win in any geography, then it's irrelevant what the competition is doing as long as we maintain our leadership on the technology. We've proven this year after year. The competition in China has been no less or more, whether it's European vendors or local Chinese vendor. And we've proven our ability with our internal and vertically integrated strategy to compete to have the best financial structured business for silicon carbide, and to grow above market by gaining share. All of these are the leading indicators of how we were going to continue to tackle that business both in the short term and the long term. 
Hassane El-Khoury: That's right. We do see that. That's kind of based on the model. You're right, it is a lifetime revenue. But the way I look at it, to support the 10% to 12%, it is the, I guess, the overlaid annual revenue on top of the base, on top of the new products that continue to grow. If I put all of these together, our next outlook is supporting the 10% to 12%. So you take the base, you add the new products, and you add new design wins on top of it, and that layering effect gives us that 10% to 12% growth. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Let me start with the pricing. Pricing is -- we've been saying pricing is stable. That's the power of the LTSA. A lot of the conversations we've had with customers on -- given the demand environment has been more on what do we do on the volumes rather than the pricing. That goes back to win-win. We invested in capacity. We will support customers in a softer market. But it has not been a pricing discussion, and we don't expect it to be a pricing discussion. As far as the inventory, look, we've been -- it changes based on the market. We believe the industrial side of it. If you recall, we start taking utilization down and reducing our shipments in industrial back at the end of 2022. So we've had longer than most of our peers, kind of a period in 2023, where we've helped customer drain in the industrial market drain their inventory. That's why we're seeing that stabilization that Thad talked about, and even better outlook for the standard part of our industrial business. So that's on the industrial. On the automotive, I don't think we're done. We saw that softness in Q1. As I mentioned earlier, you see it in the outlook for Q2. But I do think that there is further stabilization in the second half of the year. So that tells you kind of where we feel the inventory of the customers. But I will remind everybody, inventory at the customer is related to also demand. If demand picks up, inventory drain accelerates. If demand stays stable, it will take longer. But we feel like customers have a healthy level of inventory, and we feel good about it for the second half to call the stabilization. As far as the disti, we've always run very disciplined distribution inventory. We do have a second half ramp for new products that we talked about. You're going to see us click that up. Remember, this quarter -- or the prior quarter, we drained $19 million on the inventory in the channel.  Although weeks of inventory went up, dollars came down, although we beat slightly the guide. So with that, that gives you the disciplined approach that we've been pushing for, and we'll continue to do that. But we do expect inventory at the disti to go up, just readying for the ramps, both silicon carbide and some other new products that we have in the second half. Internal inventory has been very disciplined. We drained the base aggressively based on the utilization. We've taken a declining utilization to maintain inventory. The only inventory that went up is the strategic for a good reason. It's all a cap transfers. 
Hassane El-Khoury: I don't want to talk about wild possibility. Look, I can only comment on what we see and where the customers and the market is. Silicon carbide is going to grow in 2024. And it's -- and we are going to grow 2x. What I can say about the market is specifically what I commented on earlier, we know the platforms that are ramping this year. We know the platforms we are in. We know what products we are putting in those platforms because think about it by now, all the stuff is qualified and just shipping and ramping. So based on that, that's where the 2x comes in. What I'm not commenting on as far as the TAM is, well, until those cars ship in the market, you don't really have a TAM to call out. So that's the reason for that. As far as mix, I said 50% of our substrates -- over 50% of our substrates are internal. But we don't ship, I guess, a different mix, whether it's going to China or it's going to the U.S. or going to Europe. We ship out of our inventory based on what we need to run manufacturing. And right now, it is a mix of over 50% is -- remains internal. But no customer has a requirement where the substrates need to come from because the substrates are not what gets qualified at a customer level. It is the device that gets qualified at a customer level. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. No, you're right in that comment. So they are -- they have slowed down, requests for pushouts, requests for changing volumes, and so on, which gives us that comfort to call out the second half stabilization that we talked about. But yes, it's basically just like the LTSAs have been a tool in the market softness, and seeing it earlier, that same tool for the slowdown in that discussion and the amendments that we're doing with customers gives us that other side of it. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I think -- yes, I don't have the breakdown. But a majority of it is the exits that we talked about because if you recall, a lot of those exits were in the non-auto and industrial. So if you, add it all up and you do it year-on-year, then those exits are targeting that market, which is where the demand has been. So that's expected on the industrial and automotive. Actually, we've seen the share gains, obviously, on silicon carbide, I talked about in automotive. But in industrial -- in prior quarters, I've talked about LTSAs with 8 of the top 10 energy storage or renewable energy vendors. Most of them are in China. We've had tremendous growth in those markets over the last few years that we called out '22 to '23 even.  So all of these are share gains. But yes, they are offset. And one is the general weakness that everybody sees with how big the market is for semi's in China. But specifically for onsemi, it is the exits, which are today helping hold the margin where we are structurally. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So I think -- look, demand for -- we have a high market share in image sensors. So demand for image sensor overall demand follows the automotive. We do believe that inventory situation is getting better. I put that under the commentary I made about general automotive. But the growth that we've seen specifically on the 8 megapixel is specific to a migration to higher-resolution cameras that we really talked about. Over the last 2 to 3 quarters, we've been calling it out. So that continues. That's a trend we can -- clearly see based on the growth of that business even in light of the light vehicle production numbers that are starting to come up. So from that perspective, it's clear. We do have an effort to introduce new products coming out of the fab. It is not 100% internal. We do have foundry partners that we value in this business, and we will continue to work together internally and externally. But as you can think about it as a supply assurance rather than a shift in strategy to just go internal. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So the -- both the opportunity in, I would say, plug-in hybrid, parallel hybrid, or the non-BEV part of the electrification effort in mobility is both on IGBT. And some customers still are putting silicon carbide in there depending on the drivetrain. But the opportunity for us that I called out in prior quarters is about $350 worth of content for non-BEV. That's only in the powertrain. And then about $750 in a full BEV vehicle compared to $50 powertrain content in internal combustion. So those are kind of the ballpark numbers that we've talked about. 
Hassane El-Khoury: No. I mean we don't see -- on a product-by-product basis, there -- if we say the value of the product is what we price on, value doesn't change, whether it's design to design. Where you do see pricing movement is new technologies that we want to introduce, where the customer gets a benefit but also, we get a benefit, whether it's moving to a much smaller die given the efficiency of our new model. Those are a normal course of the business, where it is incremental margin for us, but you may see an ASP delta. But it's a different product. But that's the way the industry runs. 
Hassane El-Khoury: So I can't call out a specific customer. I think everybody can read what specific customers talk about and what their specific outlooks are. But what I would tell you is it's not a pushout, meaning every design that we thought would go to production when we were sitting here in 2023 is still going to production. So it's not a pushout of models. OEMs are not sacrificing the long-term view that they have on BEVs just because of the short-term volatility. So we are seeing the designs, qualified design ramp with a plan to ramp in -- starting in the second half of this year. What I called out Europe already. I talked about China as well. So it's not a pushout. What I would say the TAM is -- my comment about the TAM is what those volumes are. So the volumes that were planned last year are different than they are planned this year given the environment, but the same models planned are still going to market. So it's a very important distinction because one is the longevity and the strategy of the OEMs, and the other one is just reacting to a macro environment that we're in today. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. If you look at the -- and again, we don't guide -- we guide only 1 quarter at a time. But the second half, silicon carbide is higher than the first half of silicon carbide. That's absolutely correct, and that's because of the ramps that I called out. When I talk about stabilization, we go back to normalization. And you can think about it as normal supply and demand. Where demand is, that's what's going to be the offset or not for the second half. So it's too early to call is demand going to recover or not. But there's definitely demand increase on silicon carbide specifically that we can pinpoint to. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Still on track. What we talked about is qualifying '24 ramp in '25, and we're still on track to exactly that timeline. So no changes there, which is obviously a positive development of our silicon carbide efforts. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Thanks to the tremendous effort of our global teams. We've transformed the company, improved our resiliency, and adapted to changing market conditions to deliver sustainable financial results. We remain dedicated to our customers, our financial commitments, and our strategy of enabling the sustainable ecosystem. Thanks to everyone on the call for joining and supporting onsemi. 
Thad Trent: Sure, sure. So just starting with the utilization. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, 1 point of utilization is 15 to 20 basis points of gross margin improvement. So think about us being at the mid-60s. If we get back up into the low 80s, you can do the math on the tailwind there. For East Fishkill, we expect this year, it's about 100 basis points dilutive as we go through the rest of the year. That's the foundry business. As I mentioned, we now have the cost parity with our other fabs. So we're happy with the progress we've made there. That gap is underutilized. So you get that benefit, as I mentioned, on the utilization. The other component is the fab divestitures from 2022, the 4 fabs. We start to see that's starting to be monetized in 2025. That's $160 million of annualized costs. We won't see it all in '25, but we'll start to recognize it in '25 and the outer-years as we move that production into our fab network. So that's another nice tailwind. And then we've got the ramping of new products that are accretive to gross margins. That includes silicon carbide. As we continue to scale silicon carbide in '25 and further, that becomes accretive. And all new products, as Hassane mentioned, the new product revenue is growing, that at scale is all accretive as well. So I think if you do the math there, you start to get pretty close to our target. 
Thad Trent: And Harlan, I would add, if you look at the non-LTSA orders, the order pattern is getting stronger. So that's the stabilization we're seeing. We're seeing less cancellations, less pushouts than what we saw over the last couple of quarters. 
Thad Trent: Yes. Chris, it's Thad. Let me get through that. So just starting in reverse order, the lifetime LTSA value is $15.7 billion over the next 12 months, the value of that is $4.7 billion. I think that's consistent with what you heard last quarter if you think about what rolled off in Q1.  Lead times are down just slightly, roughly around 40 to 41 weeks. So not a big change on that side of things. And I did mention in the prepared remarks, utilization decreased slightly from 66% to 65%. We expect to be running in this range, plus or minus, for the remainder of the year until we start to see more of a market recovery. As we see the stabilization, we believe we can keep this utilization for the remainder of the year. 
Thad Trent: And Joe, it's Thad. Just remember, we walked away from that $475 million of highly volatile price-sensitive market. So I think in this situation, you probably see some pricing pressure on that. Obviously, we're not seeing a [ beach ]. We don't have that business today. 
Thad Trent: Yes. If you look back over the last 12 months, in Q4, we bought back $300 million. That was above our target there. And that was the dislocation, right? We've said our policy longer term is 50% over the long term, but we will take advantage and be opportunistic where it makes sense. 
