Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels, and estimated turns level, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue will be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020. For fourth quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 32.9% to 34.9%. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $315 million to $333 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments, and other charges, which are expected to be in the $32 million to $36 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $283 million to $297 million in the fourth quarter. The expected increase in our fourth quarter operating expenses as compared to those in the third quarter is driven by the planned reinstatement of salaries and benefits that were reduced due to decline in our business resulting from COVID-19 pandemic. In our 2020 operating expenses, the variable component of compensation was not significant. However, as we enter into 2021, we plan to accrue meaningful variable compensation with the expectation that 2021 will be a strong year. Consequently, we expect an increase of about $25 million to $30 million quarter-over-quarter in our operating expenses in first quarter of 2021. We anticipate fourth quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be an expense of $41 million to $44 million, which includes the non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate that net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be an expense of $32 million to $34 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be $22 million to $28 million. For 2020, we expect cash paid for taxes in the range of $52 million to $58 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $100 million to $120 million in fourth quarter of 2020. We are currently targeting an overwhelming proportion of our CapEx for enabling our 300mm capability at an accelerated pace. We expect share based compensation of $16 million to $18 million in fourth quarter of 2020, of which approximately $3 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be in the 425 million to 426 million shares, based on our current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be 413 million shares, based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and [Dillon] please open the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Hi. Thank you Ross for your questions. This is Bernard. We are also intending to continue working on our inventory in the [indiscernible]. We don't plan on increasing our utilization substantially to keep working on that. And you're correct as we start getting the benefits of the factory closures. We have talked about $75 million of annual savings coming from those closures or sales. The Rochester closing is on its way to be to being completed. And as a result, we expect to get about $15 million of that of annual savings starting in the first quarter of 2021. The other two is a function of when we end up and up what we ended up negotiating with the intended buyers of these fabs, and that's ongoing and in progress right now. So, yes, the answer is yes, we should expect to see better than 50% fall through as we go throughout 2020.
Bernard Gutmann: So as we said in the prepared remarks, we have no variable comp in any orders in 2020, as well as 2019. So, we're basically, we did take significant cost reduction actions, some temporary and some permanent. And right now the variable comp will be layered. Obviously that depends on the distance result [if the] next year points in the direction of being a strong year, which is what our assumptions are then we should have a significant addition on variable comp, if obviously, the year is not in that direction, then we will not.
Bernard Gutmann: So, the inventory we have on the channel, we said in prepared remarks, we took it down two weeks where we are within our comfort range, so we feel good going into next year that we’ve been at an appropriate level for that. In general inventories, we peaked in the second quarter to 140 days, decreased to 233 days in the third quarter, and we think there's still room to continue gradually decreasing it into the fourth quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. So, we believe that the auto customers will be largely running at pre-COVID levels, excuse me, here in the fourth quarter. And really the only difference, if there was any, would be change in inventory in the supply chain. There was definitely some caution in the supply chain as that COVID-19 went in and I would expect it in 2021 it would start replenishing even above our [own rates].
Bernard Gutmann: It depends on a lot of factors, but the same premises that we have put forth in the past holds true. We do expect the 50% fall-through on just a few of revenue changes and expect that the 2021 will be a good year in terms of revenue. We will layer on top of that mixed savings with the premise that our revenue growth in automotive and industrial and cloud power, which all have better than corporate average gross margin. We’ll contribute to be taped to [tailwind] some gross margin and as mentioned earlier, in response to another call – question, we do expect to get the savings from the [factor sale] or closures that we have announced previously. And last but not least, we do still have some lingering COVID costs in our numbers. We expect that most of those will take a while to get those [indiscernible] mainly logistics and freight costs, as the pressures on that eases out, we should also get a little bit of tailwind in addition to what I just mentioned.
Bernard Gutmann: Let me start from the last question first. Interest expense, we tend to continue paying down debt as we generate the good amount of free cash flow next year, so it's just a function of how much that debt paid down. Definitely, the pay down of the $690 million will be a little bit of interest away. So, I expect the trend of interest expense to go down over time.
Bernard Gutmann: The OpEx trend, we expect this step function improvement or increase in OpEx in the first quarter. And indeed, you're correct. In addition to that, there is within that assumption a timing or seasonality of FICA in other U.S. based payroll expenses. So, I don't expect that the expenses will go up more materially for the rest of the year. They may trend mostly flat.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, obviously with the disclaimer that we don't control what governments do. So, at this stage, we don't expect there is no mandated shelter in place – mandates from governments. So if that continues, which we expect it to we will not see any additional COVID-related expenses [indiscernible].
Bernard Gutmann: Pretty much summarize that very well for us. Thank you. Definitely, when we did our model, which actually was 43%, and we, you know, predicated on a $7.1 billion revenue, we believe that, that still holds true. So, we do have a good amount of catch-up from different levels of 5.15 to that level with the fact that we have a good [fall-through] on that that still holds true. The footprint consolidation as well as the benefits of the 300-millimeter in the [indiscernible] will also be a significant factor and mix, as a third one is the one that will help us get there.
Bernard Gutmann: There is some help that comes from mix as we have talked about, but definitely we depend on – a lot on revenue increases. The…
Bernard Gutmann: So sensors, the ADAC sensor is about 20% of our total automotive. The electric PC is smaller, but we haven't disclosed how much it is, but we know it's going to ramp up at a very strong and fast pace in 2021 and beyond.
Bernard Gutmann: Sure, Shawn. So historically, what we have done is we have focused on paying down debt until we reach about a two times net leverage. And obviously, we need to get concurrence from our Board to continue the strategy, but that would be the general approach towards a share buyback.
Bernard Gutmann: That's a difficult question. I’m not sure I have the answer for that because a lot of it will depend on the mix. Definitely it was upwards towards sweet spots of [indiscernible] which is where we like to operate at.
Bernard Gutmann: The way the rules are written, it's unclear. Anyone can ship without a license. And so, that's at least our interpretation. And so, I think right now, the license process is most critical to answering who might be providing this [indiscernible], and we should benefit the [indiscernible] to other customers of ours. There is the opportunity for us to also take advantage of that and widen, get that wider in our approach.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So I think you know the two topics. From an ADAS perspective, we're seeing a significant amount of the production move to level two, which has quite a bit more dollar content. It kind of goes from $10 at level one to $150 at level two, so we're seeing that transition would drive very significant growth above the SARS rate. And then, on the electric vehicles, now, there will be more electric vehicle still dominated by internal combustion, but nonetheless, more vehicles. And again, the content there goes from, you know, $40, $50 bucks up to $500. So those – if you look at both of those things, there were an order of magnitude change. And so, as a result of that, we would expect a very significant outgoing.
Keith Jackson: Yes, definitely much less than what we had in the first and second quarter. The lingering costs are more logistics. It will normalize when we see airlines flying again, so that's mostly commercial. So that's a big question mark. So, probably, it’s going to be more protracted. But it's much less than what we had seen in the first half of the year. So, it's just some lingering headwinds, not significant.
Keith Jackson: So, we continue to see wins for both IGBTs and silicon carbide. You know, it's maybe oversimplified, but in the lower lifetime or smaller cars, the IGBT is still the dominant solution. In the more powerful cars, who are designed with much longer range silicon carbide is becoming the predominant solution. So, we have wins at many different Tier 1s and OEMs at this stage for both IGBT and silicon carbide.
Keith Jackson: In Belgium, we are having, what I would call, the final round of negotiations right now, and expect that we – during the quarter, we'll be able to find solutions there. In Niigata, there's still process ongoing, you know, probably [ease] into the New Year.
Keith Jackson: It's a tough question, Craig. Definitely, we can talk about the Rochester one, which is the [first] the $50 million that will start immediately in Q1. The other is still a function of what we end up negotiating with the buying parties in terms of [MSA] that will drive what those savings are. Typically the closure of a fab takes somewhere in the 18 months to 24 months, but obviously, we have been already working on it.
Keith Jackson: No. We continue to be excited about that addition to our network. And so, from that perspective, we continue to get qualifications of products, processes, and customers [in] there, and continue to enjoy the ramp that we envision. The only change I would get is maybe a little more acceleration on closure of some of the other factories that has been brought about by the overall lower environment that COVID brought.
Keith Jackson: In Q3, there certainly was an impact, but, you know, primarily in Q4 until licenses are granted, the answer is there's no business at all and they were one of the top customers.
Keith Jackson: Okay. I'll start with auto, I believe that distribution and entire supply chain there, there is no excess going into fourth quarter. I think that's largely been taken care of. In fact, if anything may have undershot and set us up for next year having to do replenishment. So, that market, the supply chain there is lean at this stage and I don't know any pockets of [badness]. As I mentioned earlier, we expect auto production rates in Q4 to be largely back to where they were in 2019. So, again, by – quarter-over-quarter, that is showing improvement from Q3. From an industrial perspective, you know, we're seeing recovery there. We think, again, largely the excess supply is out of the channel, but there's no rebuilding that we can see, so moderate recovery on industrial.
Keith Jackson: So, most of the production in those two particular factories are going into our other internal fabs. And what we're doing is taking selective high volume runners out of the other internal fabs and moving into East Fishkill, so a little bit of a two-step process to get in [indiscernible]. And relative to – you know, [10] is full ownership and full running. We are at this stage down around two. We're just starting our ramp in the manufacturing there in the third quarter and ramping from there.
Keith Jackson: Okay. So for the first one, most of our high volume processes have more than one factory to run in, just from a supply chain risk perspective. For those products, in essence, take the specific products that you're running, that may not be in the alternate factory, you have to run some reliability tests and you have to run those by your customers. And for those processes, it's anywhere from 182 days to a year. For other processes that don't have as much volume, you do have to first bring up the process in the new factory. That can take anywhere from nine months to a year, then you have to run the same qualification, so that gets you kind of out in the two-year range for that. We had started moving things for the factories that we're talking about here, before we announced those transactions. And so, we're well into that second phase now of getting the customers qualified. By the selling of the factories, in our customer agreements, there will be some amount of time required. We will still take product from those factories, but you're now down into that kind of 18 months or so range.
Keith Jackson: So, the front end, yes, the front end part will become more external, but that's less to do with consolidation and more to do with some of our fastest growing products [use nodes] that we use boundaries for. 
Keith Jackson: So today, we're shipping primarily into industrial with some automotive content out of EFK. So, we are qualified for both.
Keith Jackson: Yes. Orders are good and the comments we've made on above market, the seasonality will extend past this year.
Keith Jackson: So, we really don't want to give guidance for Q1. We do it one quarter at a time. What I will tell you is certainly, we would expect revenues to continue to increase nicely throughout next year. And the way accounting works, you have to accrue for the entire year at the expected rate for the year even though you may have a quarter somewhere in there that doesn't fully meet the objectives.
Keith Jackson: So, the answer is, yes, we [indiscernible] wide margins. As I mentioned in my comments, very significant with the drivers being more level 2 cars on ADAS and a higher percentage of EV. From a SARS perspective, we tend to try and be conservative on that and look for kind of 2019 levels next year on a SARS basis. But again, we think we have been outperforming the overall SARS in 2020. We think the supply chain did lean out, which took some of that margin away. But in 2021, as I mentioned earlier, right, we think there may have to be some re-stocking to hit the [four levels] as appropriate.
Keith Jackson: I would just add that as we're looking forward, the other traditional lever is pricing. And, of course, 2019 was not necessarily a good year, but as we're seeing our 2020 – excuse me, not a good year, but 2021 is shaping up to be a little better pricing environment.
Keith Jackson: Most of them agree with our reliability data. They don't need to duplicate that. But they do need to verify the products are still functioning exactly the same way in their applications, so that takes them. You know, that's part of the six month kind of check that they've got to do on their side.
Keith Jackson: Yes. So, our first products to ramp there are medium voltage MOSFET, and then, followed by our IGBTs and we are ramping that pretty much at the pace our customers are qualifying at this stage.
Keith Jackson: No. I think we do have some upside opportunities with extra capacity in the factories where actually the inventory positions we're taking or really ensuring that that excess capacity can go directly to the customers that may have opportunity to grow a little faster. And I mentioned earlier, the ADAS and EV side of it, particularly those we think may be due for some additional inventory in the channel.
Keith Jackson: So there's not been appreciable decline in that business, if that's where you're headed. So, not sure where that came from, so we're not seeing additional declines and we are seeing the backlog and design pipeline picking up, so…
Keith Jackson: So, simple answer there is when we gave our expectations for being able to reach 43%, it fully comprehended the product mix and market mix that we see here. And while there was some number of bips, which we disclosed on mix per se, but from a product perspective, we still think we can get over 40. It does take a leaning out of our manufacturing, which we are in the process and getting the utilization rates up. But we don't think inherently that power business is stuck in the 30s. We definitely think we can get that into 40s. The other piece of that equation is a lot of the new EV stuff is in modules and there we think the opportunity for the modules is for a better margin than the discrete devices.
Keith Jackson: I think there will be more reluctance for customers to accept sole source positions from U.S. based companies as a result of the trade tensions. I still think they're very wise economic buyers and they're going to do the best thing for their company, but they certainly don't want to be completely reliant on the U.S. supplier.
Keith Jackson: So, we've seen some tightness and some things like substrates in the communications market. I think that's fairly widespread. I think the expansion there is slower than the market itself [has been] growing. And there's certainly some tightness in spot areas in the foundry market. But overall, the supply chain is in a pretty good shape. 
Keith Jackson: Yes. We're seeing big pickup in solar energy. The pickups that you get there from an efficiency perspective are pretty significant. We have an opportunity for about $650 worth of silicon carbide there. And then, in EV charging, so not the traction inverters, but actual charging stations, we're also seeing opportunities for up to $500 there.
Keith Jackson: So, you know, kind of going from the backbone, the base station, basically China, is driving most of that growth. And we do see some significant growth there in China. U.S., you know, maybe late in 2021, moving into 22 will become much more substantial. From a cloud server perspective, we get about $60 out of the current generation in our content, and it goes to 75 with the VR fourteens, which are coming out next year.
Keith Jackson: Yeah. Okay, so the broad base piece of it should improve. We've always seen that kind of following the GDP in general. What we do see different industrialist Craig is the automation has actually been, I believe, accelerated by COVID-19 and the experiences companies had they're. They're looking for much more automation, both in assembly and in their warehouses to kind of make its dependence on people less and so that would be you know, kind of like in automotive we see electric vehicles and [ADAS] being a supercharger. I think, in this case, automation is the supercharger for industrial.
