Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we estimate that total ON Semiconductor revenue is expected to be in the range of $1,365 million to $1,415 million in the first quarter of 2019. Included in our first quarter revenue guidance is approximately $20 million revenue from manufacturing services provided by OSA. As I indicated earlier, the greater than seasonal decline in the first quarter is primarily driven by weakness in Greater China region. Based on our current outlook, assuming no further decline in macroeconomic conditions, we expect to grow sequentially in the second quarter of 2019. For the first quarter of 2019, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 36.4% to 37.4%. Our first quarter gross margin guidance includes the negative impact of 50 basis points from the manufacturing services provided by OSA. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $330 million to $348 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be $30 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $300 million to $314 million in the first quarter. We anticipate first quarter 2019 GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $31 million to $34 million, which includes non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be $22 million to $24 million. Cash paid for income taxes for the first quarter of 2019 is expected to be $16 million to $20 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $170 million to $180 million in the first quarter of 2019. We expect capital intensity for 2019 to be approximately 9%.We also expect share based compensation of $19 million to $21 million in the first quarter of 2019. Of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for first quarter of 2019 is expected to be 420 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and Hade please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Again, I don't know there's a lot to talk about. We saw in early January, we normally would see a pickup in orders after decline at the end of December and it didn't happen. And then here in the last week, it did start to pick up against and really have no more color beyond that.
Bernard Gutmann: So the utilization rates in the in the short-term are flattish to slightly down compared to Q4 it's about in the low 80%. The elements to grow gross margin continue being the same that we have talked about. A 50% fall through on incremental revenue, nice and significant help from the mix in our products. And probably the moderation of the increase in headwinds that we had from cost increases in 2018 that we do not expect will continue in 2019.
Bernard Gutmann: We do have some permanent cuts. At the same time, our first quarter is also shorter on date, so in that sense you can call that a little bit of one time. But in the long run, we expect to continue driving to our 21% target and expect to be gradually getting there.
Bernard Gutmann: So as we have historically talked about, we do have some seasonality pattern, which is free cash flow. First half is typically lower than the second half but we expect to grow year-over-year.
Bernard Gutmann: So we'll continue having a balanced approach. And definitely, we'll take advantage of these locations in the market as it relates to share buybacks.
Bernard Gutmann: So we don't have a precise number, but we think it was a fairly meaningful number that I think we lost in 2018. Maybe somewhere around 50 basis points and we should recover some of that in 2019 with a combination of the pricing and less headwinds on this one.
Keith Jackson: Well, certainly, backlog indicates that at this stage and our design wins, as reported from the customers and their ramp dates is reported to us, support ramp Q2 and onwards this year.
Keith Jackson: So the automotive piece continues to grow very significantly. As we have set expectations for, it's about half of the total number in intelligent sensors group. The flatness that you see there is really us not participating in some of the low end security market, which declined year-over-year.
Keith Jackson: So kind of try and take those as best I can do. About 16% is handsets of sales, 4% is infrastructure of the 20% total. So, it's mostly handsets. From a 5G infrastructure perspective, obviously, that's small now. It just starts to ramp. It can be very significant for us. Depending on the type of 5G installation, it can be anywhere from $10, $150 or so.
Keith Jackson: So, I would expect automotive and industrial, in the cloud-power, 5G, server business grow very nicely. I would expect that consumer probably will not be growing as nicely. And the handset business will not grow very much.
Keith Jackson: So we expect to increase share on the server side, because we're very low and growing quite rapidly. But on the notebook and desktop side, we're remaining roughly flat where we had significant share before.
Keith Jackson: So 5G will grow significantly in the second half. There was very little revenues in 2018, so you should see double digit growth. And our presence in 4G was quite low. So for us, the 5G switch should be very significant.
Keith Jackson: Actually, normally we see bookings and fill come in January, because basically December is declining. And so we would normally expect that. We didn't see it couple of weeks there early January is now returning to something of a more normal pattern.
Keith Jackson: That's been out. The control piece doesn't change dramatically nor does the power content, because it really is a total power determination for the dollars in there.
Keith Jackson: So Silicon Carbide itself is still young and ramping for us. We're talking as I mentioned in the last call tens of millions last year, ramping to hundreds of millions in the next couple of years. So, it's still pretty early in that. We did see our first usage in EV automobiles for Silicon Carbide in both third and fourth quarters. I'm expecting EV to ramp quite nicely with all of our related products this year. I don't have an exact growth number but it's certainly going to be very high-double-digit numbers.
Keith Jackson: So our annual contracts are usually completed in the show-up in our books in the first quarter here, as you mentioned. Those numbers were better than we've had quite benign, and should not be declining or should not provide a decline in ASP for the first quarter.
Keith Jackson: I mean, we don't have exact data from distribution, as you might guess. But the pattern would suggest they've grown low on certain items and just need them for consumption.
Keith Jackson: Clearly, the end markets are valuing higher power efficiency. We've talked about those relative to cloud and the communications infrastructure, but also automotive. And so those are really key factors for electric vehicles. The mileage that you get on the charge is a key parameter. And so they're using not just more MOSFETs, but they're using very high performance MOSFETs, which drives, from a dollar perspective, good content gain.
Keith Jackson: So we do have significant flexibility in bringing things inside. We won't bring everything back inside. But you could see a point or three change in the amount of outsourcing that we do. So it is significant amount. Relative to lead times, we do expect as we go through the first half of the year, to be able to help somewhat in lead times, perhaps not as much in the power area. But in the non-power area, our capacity, equipment deliveries are now coming in and hopefully, we'll see some improvements by mid-year.
Keith Jackson: Okay, lot of questions there. So, on the distribution side, I can't imagine them being in a decline mode much longer than the first quarter, because they still have to service their customers. There is lots of reasons they might be doing it, but their demand is not off that far. Relative to autos, they are weak in China as all of us know. I don't expect double digits in the first quarter though. Our backlog again is a little weaker than normally seasonal for Q1, but not much.
Keith Jackson: So our market is basically ranked, Europe is our largest market, U.S. second and China third. And we're not seeing anything significant in Europe. They're still kind of flattish at this stage. In China, it is slightly down.
Keith Jackson: So auto grew nearly 20% year-on-year, the other segments are consumer things like drone usage and home camera usage. And then the other piece is industrial, which had a very strong segment in machine vision, et cetera, but has some security portions that were not quite as strong.
Keith Jackson: I think outsized growth in 5G infrastructure starting in Q3 would be above seasonal, above normal. We think that the slowdown in some of the server purchases will also pick up about that time. So those two markets should be significant. The new automobile models start ramping in Q3, and we think that content goes up quite significantly. So simple answer to your question is, I do think Q3 will be more outsized from a content perspective, significantly outsized. Q2 will it be outsized or yet more or not, it's a little too early for me to tell. But certainly, backlog indicates some good growth in Q2.
Keith Jackson: The LTA is definitely providing stability. The net change we talk about pickup in order rates here toward the end of January reflect the absence of cancellations. And we saw some of the cancellations early in the month. So they seem to be largely behind us.
Keith Jackson: Okay, lot of questions there. From a content perspective, going forward, we're expecting increases as they put 5G in the handsets. So that is a nice pickup. And from the 4G systems, the actual mix of what they plan on making, they don't share with us in advance. So, I can't really comment on their strategies. And then from an inventory perspective, we're seeing a little greater than normal downturn here in Q1, which we assume is to address those inventories. But no indication that we'll continue be on the first quarter.
Keith Jackson: I mean I think capital has come on relatively slowly compared to the content gains for the last few years. So clearly, the industry is very tight on capacity, in general. I think that the content gains, however, as I mentioned earlier, we'll continue to have some very significant momentum and much faster than in the unit markets that we support just based on the power efficiency requirements and the continued increase in electric vehicles in 5G infrastructure. So, I think you've got a rapidly growing market and you've got relatively constrained supply.
Keith Jackson: I don't know, we have a strong preference for JV versus internal. We look for the most cost effective capacity adding that we can get. And we use a combination of outside inside in JVs. So whatever the best deal we can find is where we'll be heading.
Keith Jackson: Most of the weakness is in the smartphone side, which is also mostly in China. From a build perspective as you would guess. And so it does still look mostly like China on that weakness side, any way you want to slice it. So, the rest of the market seemed relatively stable and their order patterns appear more secure.
Keith Jackson: I expect it to be relatively stable in the first quarter. It expanded by a few days in Q4, but nothing significant.
Keith Jackson: So we've been working with our distributors for some time to make sure that we are not basically getting an order pattern for immediate delivery for things they don’t need for some time out. We do that by looking at their lead times and our lead times, and trying to get a pipeline. So part of our extended lead times is really just a good management of our pipeline of products. And so folks have ordered on us basically within the lead times we've given them and they just -- that just keeps rolling forward. So I mean that certainly company specific there, but we do expect that. And so our understanding is the consumption that you're having in Q1 is really consumption, not a reflection of major inventory changes other than the ones we talked about in China.
Keith Jackson: We are seeing increased orders in the light good piece, but that's the only piece so far that has shown any pick up.
