Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. I mean I'll tell you auto and industrial remains healthy. Even if you take out silicon carbide, that business is up. And that's really the way we position those -- both of these businesses in a lot of the mega trends that are underlying it with the EV and energy infrastructure. So when you put both of those without silicon carbide, that's also supporting growth in general for our, what I would call the silicon business. So strength in these markets is sustained.
Hassane El-Khoury: Auto and industrial, we'll see it slightly down, flat slightly down. And that's a lot of our peers that are more exposed to those businesses are seeing and we see the same thing.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. A couple of things. On the silicon carbide, it's still within the same mix, we've talked about before about 90% is auto, about 10% is industrial. The LTSA that we talked about in Industrial are the $1.95 billion, that's for the whole market. So that includes silicon and silicon carbide or IGBT because we talked about the hybrid modules, we're able to provide that's driving that $1.95. On the industrial side, specifically, what really breaks us apart is the fact that we are extremely focused on the growth markets within industrial. We talked about energy infrastructure, which includes renewable and includes charging all of that, that is driven -- those are mega trends underlying the industrial and in my prepared remarks, I talked about our focus on the medical side of the business, which is also under the industrial. And that's seen, its own transformation from the hearing aid going over to counter to CGM being part of the reimbursement scenarios. All of these are driving underlying growth, but they're very specific to where we have chosen to put our strategy from a company perspective, that's where our investments have been and the growth is coming specifically. So that's the reason I can pinpoint exactly what is specific to onsemi versus the general peers.
Hassane El-Khoury: So the -- I'll answer both of these separately. So the progress is still on track. I reiterated the fact that we're going to be exiting this year with majority coming internally. So we're still on track. That business is actually -- that operation is actually performing better than we expected. So high confidence in our commitment that we've made about six months to nine months ago, so we're going to exit this year with majority internal. As far as Brownfield, Greenfield, we have a lot of runway with the Brownfield. We have a great fab and back end exposure. And what we're doing is, we're going to utilize it. We don't see that needing to go to greenfield at any time in the future. Of course, that's dependent on business and economic sense. Right now, with all the wins that we have disclosed, those are we are able to support those with Brownfield, specifically as we embark on our fab right strategy that Thad described in our Analyst Day that's going to be supporting all the LTSAs that we've disclosed. And look, if business is even better than what we are talking about today, and we have to go to Greenfield, then that's a really good reason to do it. But for now, Brownfield is the path and we're able to support it. And that’s really highlights the good ROIC that we’ve been able to deliver.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So let me answer the latter part because that's straightforward. We're still not interested in selling what we call substrates we're not in the business of substrate. Our focus on the substrate manufacturing is for internal consumption, that has not changed. And look, the demand that we've been talking about utilizes all of our substrate operations. So we're increasing that capacity in tandem just ahead of our revenue or the ramp from our customers. That remains unchanged and that remains our focus. And the operation is performing ahead of plan. So I'm very, very satisfied with what the team has done there. As far as the strategic engagements with the customer, it's not our -- it's not only our willingness to take that business on. We've always been willing and we've talked very confidently about our capabilities and what we have been ramping. What is changing is, if you think about the landscape, we have -- we are the only one that's scaled very quickly and is a silicon carbide supplier at scale. And that is now very, very clear to our customers and their customers, whether it's Tier 1 or an OEM and that ability to scale and really deliver exactly on our commitments to all the customers who had a LTSAs with us have gotten what they want, no hiccups in ramp, no hiccups in technology, no hiccups in expansion. So they're coming back and expanding those agreements because they're winning more business with our products and they want to secure more of their future. So it's a win-win, really and it's how you want it to be.
Hassane El-Khoury: Okay. The latter one, we are expecting over 50% by the end of the year, but that's not what the goal is. The goal is above that and we'll reach that in 2024. So we're going to exit above 50% this year and we're going to keep going into 2024 and we'll update you on kind of where we see that depending on the market and the dynamic there. The first part of the question...
Hassane El-Khoury: So we’ve -- we're still consistent and on track with what I've described in the past. We are running 8-inch currently. We are running it for what we -- what I call building the baseline, baseline yield, baseline all of that. So we're -- we have been producing 8-inch wafers in order to kind of flush out all of the manufacturing. So when we go to ramp, we are able to ramp as fast and as successfully as we have done in 6-inch. So our customers don't ask for that. What our customers care for is delivering the cost structure to be competitive, delivering the capacity to be able to ramp and be in there when they need to ramp. We're able to deliver on all of these commitments, both on 6-inch today and 8-inch moving forward. Our customers looked and audited our manufacturing capabilities on site. They feel as comfortable as we are and look, and you see it with, when somebody signs a 10-year LTSA, it's got 8-inch in it. And that's the confidence that they have in our business that we're able to deliver.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. We're not going to guide for 2024, but you can basically, when we get to Q4, you can take the exit rate, which is going to be healthy and then project forward. But we're not projecting into 2024, it will be substantially higher.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, we're engaged in all parties, not just in the U.S., but of course, in Europe and we have a big operation in Korea, which has their own or variant of the CHIPs Act. So we're engaged in all three. We've announced a $2 billion investment for an end-to-end silicon carbide manufacturing, which will be the only one in the world really from substrates all the way to wafers on the same site. And we're considering all three of these regions because we have brownfield capabilities in all three of these regions. We talked about a decision made between now and the end of the year of where it's going to be. And part of the decision is well, the main decision is purely economic and financial. Therefore, the funding from the government plays a big role in swinging it one way or another for depending on which site. We're in the process and the discussions of all of these, but that one is specifically related to silicon carbide to comment on your question. As far as in general, we have made comments on silicon carbide, specifically in the CHIPS Act, but that's really up to them to what they do with it and that's part of our decision-making progress. We're going to go where it makes sense to get the best ROIC for our investments, and that's how we create shareholder value. That remains the top of our priority and we're going to make that decision between now and the year of where it goes.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, I will start at a very high level. One, what differentiate onsemi, we can afford our own investments because of the cash flow from operations. So we're not looking at funding as a way to help us grow the business and help us build capacity. You look at our balance sheet, you look at our cash position and you look at the cash from operations and our CapEx investments, all of them are able to be supported by our operations. So a very different posture when it comes to capacity expansion. Where it comes strategically from a customer is really, it's a win-win. It's the commitment. There is no higher commitment on an LTSA than one where the customer co-invest with us. And that co-investments have multiple scenarios with it, depending on the customer and what problem or what opportunity they look for. So it's not a haircut. It's basically, it's an offset of depreciation. It doesn't change our cost structure for the value that we provide. It just offsets depreciation, whether it's depreciation on our book or their book based on the ownership of the equipment and how we apply that investment. And again, those are strategic in nature, which means everyone is specific to what that specific customer is trying to solve for and we work constructively with all of these customers. But it is not a -- we must get that money for us to ramp. This is a -- we are able to ramp and those are strategic investments. So it's a very different field we're playing in.
Hassane El-Khoury: And the reason for the delta in dollars that you see is, again, goes back to Brownfield versus Greenfield. We're investing in Brownfield, which Thad at Analyst Day (ph) talked about a 40% better CapEx than a Greenfield. So that gives you kind of the delta why we're able to ramp so quickly much higher in output for much lower cost.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So on the revenue ramp for industrial, specifically on the energy infrastructure, the $1.95 billion is both silicon and silicon carbide. Remember that market is being serviced by a very unique value proposition we have. Simon talked about in the Analyst Day, the hybrid module, where we're able to put the best technology required into a single module to provide those customers. So that 1.95 is on both power technologies, IGBT or silicon and silicon carbide. As far as the ramp, look, they'll be ramping in tandem together. But the automotive number, given the TAM in automotive, we'll just ramp up to a higher number. But as far as percent ramp, they're both going to be a ramp. And if you recall, last year, we talked about how that business ramps 70% growth for the last two years. So it's pretty healthy growth. But from a dollar, of course, it's going to trail the automotive purely because of the TAM of the market that we're addressing. But both growth, both CAGR are very healthy and will remain healthy over the next five years as we execute those LTSAs.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, we're not breaking up as what it is. You can take it as an aggregate totally mix adjusted is what the number is. And it's going to keep going up, of course, as that business absorbs the start-up costs because look, there's still start-up costs in that business. So as we scale that business, start-up costs will be more absorption and that is how we will be continuously improving the gross margin trajectory, which consequently will improve the operating margin. So that financial milestone that we have achieved is not the destination. It's just a milestone. We have always had line of sight to it, like Thad said, we achieved it earlier than we expected, but the ramp or the, call it, the slope of that improvement will just continue from here and we'll continue to improve on all financial metrics as that business scales and as that mix changes.
Hassane El-Khoury: But one thing I would also highlight is, yes, the headwinds are higher than we expected. But to use your words, if you look at all the other operational metrics that we've delivered reflected in the reported gross margin and the guide we're able to absorb it and then some, given the beat this quarter and the rates for next quarter. So back to Thad's point, we know how to fix this stuff. We've been fixing it for the last two years. That's just another thing we're going to work on. We have line of sight to just going to take time. But of course, the rest of our business is operating in stellar including the underutilization that we've had to do. So our margin is structurally very different from what it used to be. And that I can say, I’m very, very comfortable, happy and confident about.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, there are multiple factors of how we balanced it. Our focus is to be able to support our customers. When we have LTSAs and we look at supply resilience and supply assurance, we have to be able to manage the too. We're not going to be -- we don't want to be 100% internal. I've said that in the past. You can think about it 80%, give or take and that's going to be dependent on, of course, supply assurance, especially, as you can't ignore the geopolitical aspect of it when you say sourcing out of China, right? That is not a supply assurance path as we stand today with the geopolitical environment. So that, of course, has to play a role. And more importantly, it's the cost we have a factory, we have a factory at scale and we have a factory that is performing very, very well. So for us to want to get supply from the outside. It has to make also economic sense compared to what we are able to do internally. So all of these, we always consider that we always look at what the scenario is going to be. But you can think about it as 80%, give or take, depending all of these factors that I mentioned.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. So obviously, part of that focus on what we call driver and controllers is the server or the cloud infrastructure, which applies definitely to AI, that's the play we have there. But most of it is also targeted towards our primary markets, the auto and industrial. With every switch or call it, silicon or silicon carbide switch, we have the opportunity with the flywheel effect that Sudhir talked about to increase that content. We're on track there. From a technology perspective, we have already some of the products for internal, I guess, performance. And we will be making progress in sampling come early next year, so very fast progress. It's like what you saw us do in silicon carbide. We're going to -- we decided, we're doubling down, we're starting to run, and we're going to start delivering on that. That's going to be the winning formula for this new business also. So stay tuned for more updates as we get into Q4 or Q1 of '24.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call. We plan to continue to put our winning formula to good use with deliberate execution and operational excellence as we continue to navigate the soft market environment. Through it all, we remain committed to delivering value for our shareholders and confident in our long-term outlook of outgrowing the semiconductor market by 3 times through 2027. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yeah. And for [indiscernible] our non-auto and industrial was up slightly, but as Hassane said, we expect it to be down mid to high-single digits in Q3.
Thad Trent: Yeah. On the lead times, if you look at our average lead time, it’s very consistent quarter-on-quarter. There’s been pockets where lead times have decreased a few pockets where they’ve increased. But on average, they’re relatively flat quarter-on-quarter.
Thad Trent: Yeah. And on the performance -- the financial performance of the silicon carbide business, look, we're extremely proud of what the team has accomplished there, doubling gross margins quarter-over-quarter. Achieving the first profitable quarter, again, on a fully loaded basis upon. And operating margins in the high-teen percentage is very impressive for the performance there. What I would tell you is, we have line of sight to that. It's ahead of schedule because we are ramping well. And on all metrics, we're ahead of plan. So although, we have line of sight to profitability, we’ve achieved it quicker than what we was in our original plan. So I think as we go forward, we’ll continue to see that expansion. And as revenue grows, that will continue to contribute to the bottom line.
Thad Trent: Yeah. I think if you go back to what we disclosed and what we announced last quarter, it's very consistent, right? We got a surprise in the cost structure there. We've now been spending six months really getting our arms around it and understanding what we need to get that cost structure back in line. Look, we've got a large manufacturing footprint, we know how to run fabs efficiently, we’ve benchmarked, we know exactly what we need to do. As I say, this is like locking and tackling of what we need to do to take the cost structure out, but it takes time. It’s hard to take cost out when you running a fab at full capacity. So the time horizon is little bit longer than we expected. It will be from the next several quarters. I think – you think about this has been probably a year maybe slightly more than a year of headwind for us as we continue to take the cost out. But we expect by the time we exit 24 we’ve got that fab at parity and running efficiently.
Thad Trent: Yeah. Look, so we've got a number of things, right? We just talked about EFK. So clearly, that's a headwind. You've got utilization. Utilization dropped down slightly in Q2 from 71% to 70%. As we look forward, we think about utilization being kind of in that flat to down category. So we may have a little more headwind on that. But the key contributor to that margin stepping down just slightly is the ramp of silicon carbide. So even though the margins have doubled, it's still dilutive to the corporate average. So as revenue increases, you have more of a dilutive impact on Q3. So I would think quarter-over-quarter, really the delta is a little bit more underutilization charge and then this impact of the ramp of silicon carbide.
Thad Trent: Yeah. No, we're not giving an update. Our focus right now is obviously, this year, we'll be given an outlook on 2024 as we get for reporting of the fourth quarter, given the run rate and where we are. Of course, we have the number in LTSAs, but we're not talking about it yet. We're not guiding for it. It will be substantially higher than where it is in 2023, given the LTSAs and the ramp. But right now, we're focusing on the execution in the short term.
Thad Trent: Yeah. As we – this is Thad. So as we receive the cash from customers, obviously, that goes on the balance sheet. The way that it gets accounted for is, it gets amortized over the life of the agreement. So if you think about an LTSA that maybe have five to 10 years, you can think about that dollar amount getting amortized over the life as those products are shipped, it actually is recorded through revenue. So actually, it's a bump in, in margin over that time frame. But you can think about the cash coming in, in advance as we make payments going out, hopefully, it's favorable from a cash flow standpoint. That's the intent that we get cash before we make the commitment to the equipment. And again, just as a reminder, all of the capacity that we're bringing on is to support these LTSAs on those committed revenue. So we're not building capacity on the hope that we can fill it. So in these situations, as Hassane mentioned earlier, these customers are co-investing for assurance of supply with us. But the accounting works that actually hits the revenue line over time.
Thad Trent: Yeah. Every situation is a little bit different. What I just described there is a prepayment rate, if you think about it, a customer deposit. We do have situations where customers will consign product or selling equipment to us and that situation is a little bit different. It's just a lower depreciation off of our books and that sits on their books. But every situation is a little bit different, depending on the customer situation. Obviously, we want as much flexibility as we can have as we develop these things. So we try not to tie up capacity for one customer and have the ability to move our production on any of the lines on any of the locations. So it's designed to have the ultimate flexibility for us.
Thad Trent: Yeah. No, I don't think we're -- I mean outside the norm, I don't think we're seeing a labor shortage, right? And part of this is leveraging our brownfield investments and brownfield footprint where we have head count. In terms of the capital intensity, no change to the long-term plan. This is more of a short-term. As I said, the free cash flow will go back to positive for the remainder of this year. So it's really just the timing of getting that equipment in as well as the ramping of our strategic inventory to support our fab transitions and our silicon carbide ramp. But longer-term, our capital intensity targets all remain the same. We think we’ll be in the mid to high-teens for the foreseeable future, but then stepping down over time, as we’ve outlined previously.
Thad Trent: Will, this is Thad. No, our expectation remains the same. As I was saying earlier, Q3 is the highest dilution impact of silicon carbide just because of the ramp and again, the margins being below the corporate average. We believe by the time we exit the year, we’ll have those margins at the corporate average, as we’ve stated previously.
