Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Now for fourth quarter 2013 outlook. While booking trends and end-market demand outlook remains healthy thus far in the quarter, we're being cognizant of a rather soft macroeconomic outlook in our fourth quarter guidance. Based upon product bookings, booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $675 million to $705 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2013 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter 2013 revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the fourth quarter of 2013 will be down by approximately 1% sequentially. We expect inventory at distributors to rise on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $30 million to $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, bringing the total capital expenditures to approximately $170 million for 2013. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 33.8% to 34.8%. We also expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $198 million to $218 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $40 million to $50 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $158 million to $168 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $10 million to $12 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $3 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $6 million to $8 million, and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $2 million to $4 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $7 million to $9 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold, and the remaining is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2013 is expected to be approximately 450 million shares based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. Now, an important update on our corporate entity structure. We are in the process of seeking regulatory approval to migrate our principal-controlled foreign corporation from Bermuda to Switzerland, which, if approved, will be effective during the first quarter of 2014. This change is driven by a variety of factors including feedback from customers, suppliers and governments, as 0 tax jurisdictions such as Bermuda continue to lose favor within the global business and regulatory communities. We anticipate that this change will likely result in an incremental increase to our annual cash tax expense in the range of $3 million to $5 million. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Jamie, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: So I need to break it down into 2 things. First one is the back-end closure of our back-end factory in Japan. That should generate approximately $16 million in annual savings or $4 million per quarter, primarily in COGS or pretty much all in COGS. But -- and that is scheduled to be completed by the second quarter of 2014. With inventory bridge builds that we're doing, we will not see the full benefit of that until 2015. The second portion is a little bit more variable because it's a voluntary program that we have in place with -- we are targeting 600 to 700 people, and that should yield savings of approximately $36 million to $45 million, probably 75% of that in OpEx -- 70% to 75% of that in OpEx and the remainder in COGS. We don't have a precise timing because these discussions take time with -- in the Japan culture. But we expected to see some of the benefits in the first quarter and fully then in the second half of the year.
Bernard Gutmann: From the SANYO point of view, yes, it should be coming down. And it will be partially offset by variable comp expenses throughout the year, but not to a significant extent.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes, hold on one second. So in the -- I'll see if I can pull it up. The Application Product Group for third quarter is 44.2%; Standard Product Group, 33%; and SANYO, 21.9%.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, for the short term, we have a small reduction in -- expected in revenues similar to the overall guidance, maybe even a little bit less. And so gross margin, I expect them to be flattish to what we have right now.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, what we said in the Analyst Day, and I think that still holds true in terms of gross margin for SANYO, is just in the low to middle 30s as a medium-term goal.
Bernard Gutmann: So 2014, in general, our philosophy is to spend 6% to 7% of our revenue on capital expenditures, and we are not changing that approach. For the most part, the expenditures we are incurring in 2013 are capacity related, with some more minor portion in cost reduction and just legal and environmental.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, right now, we intend to pay back our debt as it matures for the next year. We do have a share buyback program in place, which we have $202 million at the end of the third quarter still available, and we have been active on that and we will continue on that front. We can operate the company with the cash levels substantially below where they are right now. Obviously, we don't want to go to levels that are too low. But we are quite comfortable where we are right now.
Bernard Gutmann: What we have said is that our long-term model is to operate in that 21% to 23%. So I'm not expecting that to go down to 18% next year.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, again, we don't guide out more than 1 quarter. Again, what I would say is the main drivers for gross margin will be threefold next year. One, as we said, is the closure of some factories including KSS on the SANYO front. The second one is the normal fall-through on incremental revenue at about a 50% rate. And the third one is the mix effect that Keith referred to as we focus and outgrow selected markets, including smartphones and automotive, and that's the way I would look at it.
Bernard Gutmann: So first, OpEx for the third quarter pretty much, our -- the guidance is sequentially flat, the midpoint of the guidance. And then as we get the benefits of the voluntary headcount reductions at SANYO, we should see some benefit, and it will be partially offset. Depending on business performance and revenue, based on this variable comp, net-net, I expect them to be flattish in absolute dollars.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. I would say that if you look at the trend over the last decade or so, inventories in the semiconductor -- at our competitors and us, have risen as more of the inventory has been pushed back to the semi manufacturers. At 115, we are a little bit on the high side, particularly still on the SANYO, where we are higher than the average. I would think that in the long run, a goal of 100 to 110 is an adequate place as opposed to, in the past, under 100.
Bernard Gutmann: And from the exchange rate point of view, we didn't do anything different from where we are today. We assume no major change.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, I will comment on that one, Chris. This'll be our third quarter above the $150-million mark. We think we've got the floor. Predominantly, that decline was driven by the Thailand floods and all of the customer reactions that happened as a result of that, plus the decline in the Japan consumer suppliers. So our customers losing market share dramatically. And I think to the first one, the flood stuff's now completely gone. We don't have to worry about anymore leakage. And on the second one, our exposure to those customers is now very minimal. Most of the products we're selling in Japan is in other markets, other than the consumer goods. So that combination gives us comfort in a floor. And then the pipeline we've got for smartphones, automotive and motor control gives us a strong indication that we should be able to grow it back from these levels.
Keith D. Jackson: Clearly, our view is that there is not a cyclical downturn in the making. The inventory levels in the channel and at our customers are near all-time lows. So there's really no -- nothing that would cause a cyclical downturn or frankly, much room to fall. So we think most of the impact here is seasonal. It certainly has some choppiness in the market recoveries, particularly in the China consumers, which I think is showing up as a little bit of an inventory correction. So overall, what we would call Q4 in the broader market is a slightly more seasonality in Q4 than we have seen in the past, but not anything significant.
Keith D. Jackson: So we're seeing a little bit more, a point or 2 of weakness in China over what we have seen normally as seasonality. Again, I think it is based on the consumption in China being a little bit off the expectations. So people kind of overbuilt a little bit in Q3, and they are correcting it in Q4. We don't see that sustainably going down. We think Q1 should see the consumers behaving, again, fairly normally around Chinese New Year, and there's no indications that this will bleed over into 2014.
Keith D. Jackson: Our typical seasonality has been in the minus 2% to 3% range. And again, at this stage, we're seeing pretty good fill into the quarter and nothing that would indicate that it would be substantially different than normal.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, there may be some opportunity, Jim. But frankly, you're getting about a 50% fall-through on the revenues that are down sequentially quarter-on-quarter in our guidance. So it's pretty much in line with the operational metrics that we've had and talked about in the past.
Keith D. Jackson: I think it may be slightly less than that ramp-wise, so not quite as quick but the ramps did start. I don't have precise numbers for that. The ramps did start and will continue into Q1.
Keith D. Jackson: So yes, the big few I guess that we've got, one is mix. As we, again, grow our target markets a little faster than the overall numbers, we've talked about that, we get great ASPs from the industrial side, the automotive and the handsets, which will be the quickest growing. So the mix is a big piece of that equation. You've heard about some of the closures that we're making there on the SANYO side. So you should expect some more expansion there as we close factories and again, ramp automotive and smartphones for those guys. And beyond that, it's really the next-generation platforms. As our new products become a larger percentage of the total, you get better margins on those.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I believe the numbers are approximately 65% outside of Japan today, and I would expect that number to move up to the 75% range as you exit next year.
Keith D. Jackson: There will be a good progression there, faster than for the overall business because there are still a lot of operational inefficiencies that are being worked on through 2014. Plus as we mentioned, the new product pipeline is in more favorable areas than the traditional consumer background. So I actually don't have it in front of me nor do we project more than one quarter at a time. But I would expect a significantly steeper ramp on that than the total business.
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly, we are feeling that we've got the SANYO problems behind us. That has been keeping us from doing anything. We're not necessarily anxious to get back into the marketplace, but certainly open.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So I guess I'll give you a slightly different look at the strategic thought pattern on that. Clearly, our standard product's getting much lower level of investment, which is one of the reasons they generate some outstanding cash for us. That will continue. However, when you're talking about growing the businesses, every time we've taken apart applications, you find the kind of ASIC or application-specific piece surrounded by an almost equal number of dollars of standard products. So we're actually not looking to change our course and we're looking to use the kit approach, if you will, of influence with our customers to increase sales in both categories around the key applications we're going after. But the good news is it doesn't take more R&D to do that with the standard products.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The infotainment actually will be the smaller portion for a long time. The applications in the body and engine are going to be much better dollars, and so that's where the bulk of the work will be.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. No, I think all of those events are behind us now. We had a number of flood-related impacts that are now out of the system, along with the obsolescence in the radio business. So Q3 really marked the end of the declines and you should see us at or above market rates going forward.
Keith D. Jackson: So I think the fastest-growing market in our industrial segment is LED general lighting. So you should be seeing the most rapid growth, revenue-wise, in that segment from that. But we're also seeing some good growth from design-ins in basically energy-efficient building controls, which will accelerate as industrial buildings pick up with the global market.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So actually, the consumer builds do slow down and we would expect that toward the higher end, if you will, of the declines. Computing also traditionally will come down as well. And then on the better side, cellphones or communications won't come off as much, and we're expecting flat to up in industrial and automotive.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Capacity constraints are all behind us. And from an audio perspective and the radio, that's down to $1 million or $2 million a quarter, revenue-wise.
Keith D. Jackson: It -- continued share gains on the computing side certainly will provide some growth as that Haswell platform ramps next year. But in the handsets, it's continued content increases, which we think will have a significant impact as you go into early 2014.
Keith D. Jackson: Too easy -- too early, but there shouldn't be a significant change there from -- at least positioning-wise from the Haswell, so probably not a major event.
Keith D. Jackson: So pricing is definitely improving. You saw that in our Q3 numbers and in our Q4 guidance. We still expect Q1 to be down more than any other quarter because of our annual contract performance. But right now, I would say because of the leanness in the inventories, we are actually expecting a better-than-normal year next year on ASPs.
Keith D. Jackson: We limit our performance in that market, frankly, based on margins. And so we just manage the business that way. If there is more demand and the price is firm, then we certainly are able to participate in that.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So overall, I think there's a couple of things going on in China. Clearly, they, on a broad basis, continue to lean out their inventories. So there is a cash preservation behavior going on pretty much everywhere in China, and that is a negative drag, if you will, on any component sales. From a handset perspective, generally, we have not seen these things take more than a quarter or maybe a little bit longer, 4 months or so, to correct. And the Chinese New Year typically is a great time to increase the demand on the handsets. So my guess is you'll be through the inventory-correction piece in the handsets in -- sometime in Q1.
Keith D. Jackson: I'll make a comment then I'll let Bernard take over. In general, you've been seeing our days of supply and distribution drop precipitously. They are, I think, at dangerously low levels. And so we have certainly looked to see how we can offset some of that and held a little bit more internally than we have in the past models. So frankly, if something doesn't turn around, I would say we're in about the right range. But it is a much higher level than we used to run strategically.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. There's nothing cyclical we put into that. It's all quite tactical, all quite short term. And I would say as long as we have something that is somewhat similar to normal seasonality, we should be operating in that $150 million to $170 million range...
Keith D. Jackson: Certainly, that is -- I think it's more norm than not. And what's happened over time is the customer base has consolidated and they have been pushing back, and the semiconductor industry has not consolidated and hasn't had quite the power to offset that. So I think, in general, Bernard's comments earlier that the ideal days now has probably gone up 10 days of inventory for the semi suppliers versus what the models were 5, 6 years ago.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So the one we announced here in October is going on schedule. The employees have been notified, the unions over there. The discussions have already taken place, and it is moving forward at the expected pace. So really, nothing unusual. The voluntary reduction is the way that they work over there. Without getting into lots of details, this is the same process and method that we used in the previous reductions in force during 2013.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. The desktop side, we're pretty much at shares near 50%. I don't think there's room for growth there. So we'll follow the units fairly closely. In the notebook side, we're still in the 30 percentages, the 30s, and so there is room for growth there. And as Haswell ramps, we expect that will increase. So there's probably no plateauing on the share gains in notebooks until the Haswell is the dominant platform.
