Hassane El-Khoury: Sure, Ross. So at a high level, automotive, we see the strength -- we see the strength in orders and is supported all by the LTSA that we -- Thad and I have been talking about, including the renewed LTSAs and the extended LTSAs that cover the demand outlook that we have, and that's why we're building capacity for. You've seen the strength in our business even this quarter as we ramp the electrification as we ramp ADAS. Those are the megatrends that are driving our automotive demand. We don't see that changing in the outlook we have. On the industrial side, you see factory automation. You see renewable energy, that strength what we made including our medical business, where we see a little bit of softness in the industrial is really in the segments that are closer to the consumer. I think like white goods or so. We see that. Obviously, it's a macro-driven softness. We're watching it, but that's kind of the pockets that we see softness in the industrial.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I'll cover the first part of that as far as the difficulty and let Thad talk about the CapEx. Look, yes, this is hard stuff. So I sympathize with our competitors because it's not easy stuff to do. We've been facing standard ramping challenges, but we're able to leverage our scale worldwide and the worldwide manufacturing scale that we had and the experience to address these issues as they come up. We have an excellent and very experienced operations team and that's what they do every day. We have mature processes. We have a very strong scale of manufacturing playbook. So any excursion, if they do happen, we're able to tackle it quickly, we're able to resolve it quickly, and that impact is always minimal. That's why you've seen us always focusing on the ramp and more importantly, our confidence in our ramp against the difficulties of what that silicon carbide ramp will bring in. So our targets that we've been giving and our targets that we've been talking specifically on the revenue ramp are all within our capabilities, and we do believe -- strongly believe the risks are very manageable for us.
Hassane El-Khoury: This is Hassane. No, we don't see any movement on pricing. Obviously, we've been talking about the LTSAs that we have in our strategic products are based on the value of the products. And that does not change based on the outlook and the demand and the LTSAs provide that certainty of both volume and pricing, as we've said in the past.  So I don't expect that to be any place in the equation, not even in automotive and industrial. Obviously, where the pricing would be potentially volatile is in the businesses that are not core that we plan to exit, and that has always been part of our exit strategy that would actually be favorable to margin. So we're not worried about the pricing environment at this point.
Hassane El-Khoury: Lead times is flat and is very consistent. As far as shortages, yes, we do have technologies that have our remaining in short supply versus the demand that we have. And we expect those technologies to remain supply constrained even through 2023. And those are the ones we're covered with LTSAs with our customers to make sure -- strategic customer to make sure we cover the whole BOM for our customers in order to sustain our ramps in new products next year. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, the visibility we have, there is no inventory. Are there small pockets because the golden screw problem? Yes. We work with our customers to make sure when we batch build something, we will give them a few weeks or two to three weeks ahead and then they drain it over the next few weeks. So those are -- those, I'm not worried about because we work with our customers directly.  If you look at the demand environment and where our growth and our demand is coming from, it's coming from EVs. No matter what report you look at or what customer you talk to an OEM, pure-play EV OEM or a broad OEM, there's one thing consistent. No matter what the SAAR does, they will build more EVs next year than they do this year. That's where our growth is coming from, both power and then more and more safety is getting into cars. That's where our sensing comes in. Between those two megatrends, our content is going to grow and remain growing even through '23, no matter what the SAAR does in this case, based on a lot of the prediction. So that's what gives us the confidence. Again, we have secured that outlook with LTSAs. So I'm not worried about that part of it. Is ICE engine going to have some softness because of rates going up or demand going down? Potentially. But again, the EV plants are the ones that we focus on the ones that our OEMs want to make sure they secure their EV penetration or they're going to lose share. So that's what we work on. But it is not because of any inventory. If anything, it's potentially just demand. But at this point, we don't see it for our business given our exposure to EV.
Hassane El-Khoury: Then obviously, Thad mentioned the equipment lead time, we want to make sure we stay ahead of it. So that's forcing us to place order materially earlier than we typically would need to. We don't want to run the risk of not being able to support our ramp. So we're being very proactive given the environment and the lead time of equipment vendors.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, I can't comment on what decisions or what assumptions they made. I can only comment on our business and what we are doing. We've always given the same outlook for our business as far as the ramp, as far as the margin targets at scale and the headwinds from the ramp with the start-up cost that we include all of them in our reported results. . Those have not changed, and we've been very consistent over the last few quarters since we started disclosing them. And that should give you an idea that -- and really the confidence from our side that the numbers and the models we're giving are all well within our capabilities, inclusive of any challenges we may or may not have. We've had all those baked in. Because as I mentioned, we have a very strong process and a very strong playbook given our scale of manufacturing of power products over the last two decades with IGBTs. So our ability to scale power products and walk through all the yield and walk through all the production ramp challenges that we have, we're still at exactly where we were since we started disclosing those numbers. We're meeting both the top line and the margin. And at scale, those margins will be accretive. There's no change from our side.
Hassane El-Khoury: Now look, the industrial -- factory automation, alternative energy is going to be up. The white goods, I gave it as an example of what we call legacy industrial, meaning the industrial segment that is the closest to the consumer, and that is driven by consumer spending or even real estate. The industrial market is very broad, and we're starting to see the softness kind of in multiple of these legacy industrial areas. Our focus specifically is on factory automation and alternative energy. And that's what we've really been investing in, in driving new products through, and that remains strong and that remains growing. But obviously, automotive or industrial is a very broad market.
Hassane El-Khoury: No, we're not giving quantitative because we're just passing whatever we get. So from the outlook and from our margin, you can think about it as being neutral. So as we get it, we pass it on. 
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Demand -- look, I'll give you the demand environment. Obviously, demand still outpaces supply based on a lot of the penetration that we see in ADAS for automotive, which is agnostic of EVs or ICE engines. So a very healthy demand environment and more importantly, very healthy position that we hold in that market. We also have a lot of new products that we've launched, both in automotive and industrial that are fit for purpose for these markets individually and that is driving some of our new product ramps as well. . On the supply side, we have been getting incrementally more supply over time. Every quarter, we get incrementally more as our road map with our foundry partners are. And internally, what we've been doing also is expanding some of our -- that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, increasing some of our capacity for back-end in order to get closer to the demand environment as we get more wafers from foundry partners. So both of these have enabled us to increase our units as well as our revenue because of the higher ASPs given the technology advancements that I talked to you about in my prepared remarks. We don't see that slowing down. We're going to keep increasing capacity, we're going to keep getting more wafers from foundry partners, and that's going to keep driving the growth in that business even through next year.
Hassane El-Khoury: That's a good question. So the team has been very successful. What we -- what I refer to as cross-selling, it's something that our sales team drives with the business unit that I track as well. So just to give some more specifics, the $4 billion committed revenue we talked about for silicon carbide, that's purely on the silicon carbide. Thad talked about our LTSAs in general being north of the $14 billion and increasing more than $5 billion last quarter and including hundreds of parts. So you can think about that's the cross-selling at a customer where we want to make sure that everything on that BOM that the customer needs is secured in the LTSA. The worst thing you can have is have 99 parts, and you're missing the golden screw from us also, and we can ship to 99. So we have the full content on per BOM. And per new designs, we pull a lot of our other content that will support that system level sell. I've mentioned in the past, we do that even with image sensors where new and highly advanced image sensors also carry a PMIC with them. So it's not just power. Within power, we carry power even our intelligent sensing business as a cross-selling. So we do that as a matter of day to day. Our sales team is focused on it, and our business units are focused on it.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, it's not about just, it's also with the end customers. Obviously, LTSAs is a broader view, and it's a multiyear. As far as NCNR, it depends. We've had -- we have NCNRs that extend up to 12 months of backlog. But it always remains our cautious outlook even if you have an NCNR order, but there's inventory at the disty will you still ship it? You've seen us be very, very disciplined on inventory and trying to make sure we -- it doesn't balloon out of control. We've kept it around the seven weeks. We're comfortable with the visibility we have at that. We have the NCNR orders to support all of the demand that we have, but we are very cautious and disciplined about how much we ship and when we ship it because we have to ensure that it does POS at the end of the day during the quarter. So it doesn't get above our expectations as far as weeks of inventory with our partners.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I don't know where you're referring to, but we have 1,200 volts already in production and supplying to customers. So I'm very comfortable with our road map and the breadth of our portfolio, both in silicon and silicon carbide, but our 1, 200 volts is already in production, and it has been.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, Vijay, I'll give you a couple of comments because it depends on how much power for the drivetrain or the inverter and so on. So it's a broad range. But just to give you an idea for an equivalent reference. For us on EVs, you can think about incremental content, it's about $700 for an EV versus ICE. Obviously, the majority of it is from the traction inverter, then you add onboard chargers and so on.  And then as far as the ASP, you can think about it as the silicon carbide ASP is about 3x that of an IGBT. So that gives you kind of an apples-to-apples as far as if you normalize it on a specific power output.
Hassane El-Khoury: So from an overall, obviously, there are two things driving a lot of our design wins and the new product revenue and all of the forward-looking revenue confidence. One is always starts with technology. Our technology and a lot of our focus area and our strategic area is compelling, and it's very competitive against what's in the market today. Obviously, we've talked about silicon carbide and why we win, both on the technology and the packaging as far as module, getting more power in a smaller and smaller module, reducing costs and so on and improving efficiency. So that's on the silicon carbide. Image sensing, I'll give you a few examples. LED flicker mitigation is a great example of where our superior technology in a market need where a lot of the signs are LED and standard camera or a competitive camera cannot detect an LED sign. We have technologies that address that. Global shutter is what is needed for detection and/or factory automation. Every single strategic market we are going after, we have products that are tailored made with specific technology to address real problems that the customers have. That's what creates value. And that's what, number one, puts us in the lead for new designs and also puts us in the lead when there's a refresh and the design for us to capture share. But it always starts with technology and capability.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. Our teams have yet again delivered outstanding results in the third quarter. I'm excited about our future as we have not yet reached our full potential and we have everything we need to lead in the fastest-growing markets, superior technology, committed customers and a talented workforce that will continue to expand to support our long-term growth. And as always, we remain consistent and committed to executing with the highest degree of excellence. We look forward to seeing you at various investor events during the quarter. Thank you. 
Thad Trent: Yes. Ross, on the capital intensity, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect our capital intensity to go up to the mid- to high single -- mid- to high teens over the next several quarters. Clearly, we're having to place orders for equipment further out to support this revenue ramp, but we do expect our capital intensity to go up. 
Thad Trent: And Chris, the one thing I would add is as we see input costs going up, we are passing that on to our customers, and we'll continue to do that as well. So the pricing environment is very stable.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, for '23 -- and by no means I'm trying to provide a guidance here, but for '23, you've got a couple of headwinds, as you mentioned, right, 100 basis points to 200 basis points for silicon carbide. You've got 40 basis points to 70 basis points for the East Fishkill foundry business that are -- that will be dilutive for next year. I think more than anything, this will be driven by the market dynamics in terms of what our margins will do. We're very comfortable in pricing for next year. I think it really comes down to utilization. In this environment, I think we're going to be very cautious. We're utilization and starts down already. As we go into next year, I think we're modeling it very conservatively. But we feel pretty comfortable sitting here based on what we can see today that there's a floor on our gross margins in the mid-40% range. That will be driven by the market more than anything.
Thad Trent: Yes, the uptick is to support the LTSA revenue that we continue to lock-in. I referred to the increase that we had in Q3. But clearly, we're locking up more and more open carbide wins and the ramp will go out for the years and that requirs additional capital. And that's the reason that we're -- we continue to make investments.
Thad Trent: Yes. We've always said that the exit would be market driven. And the faster we could exit, the better off we'd be, we exited $35 million as you referred to. As we forward to Q4, we think we're going to exit somewhere between $65 million to $75 million in Q4. And for 2023, we still think we're on track and again this would be market dependent, but we think it will be in the neighborhood of 400 to 450 exits for next year as well. So we think we're on track for that. We think the softness in this market kind of supports this exit allows us to reallocate that capacity somewhere else that's more valuable to us. So those are the numbers that we have line of sight to right now.
Thad Trent: Yes. Thanks for the reminder. So Q2, we were at 77%. We dropped to 75% here in Q3. As we look forward into Q4, again, we'd assume incremental softness here. So we think it's flat to down slightly in Q4 as our assumption.
Thad Trent: Yes, Raji, let me break it out by end market. Auto, we think, is going to be up kind of low single digits. We think industrial is down kind of mid-single digits. And we think our other category, nonstrategic, is down kind of mid- to high single digits. That's the way that we think about the guidance there.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, we've already been managing discretionary spending very carefully. Some of the lumpiness, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks with the timing of some R&D projects. What you'll see us continue to do is reallocate some of the spending into R&D as we grow. As we think into next year, we've set our model at 17%. We've been running well below that, I think, kind of too low at this point. As I look into next year, I don't think we're going to get to 17%. I think we're probably going to be somewhere around 15.5%, maybe max out at 16% of the top end. That would be my thinking for next year. 
Thad Trent: Well, look, the way we're thinking about the market right now is we think it remains soft. I think utilization kind of stays in this level, maybe even goes backwards slightly as we go into Q1. So I don't expect that to improve just based on what we're all seeing in the news. In terms of the quantification, we said silicon carbide is 100 basis points to 200 basis points dilutive there. And the utilization is a factor in addition to that.
Thad Trent: Yes. Look, as I said, customers are extending their LTSAs. They are coming back and increasing them as well. So I think that the aim here has been very consistent with our customers trying to lock up long-term supply. And just to clarify, our LTSA -- our committed revenue in LTSA over a multiyear period now is over $14 billion. It was up over $5 billion -- $5.3 billion in the third quarter. So you can see that this is customers locking in supply on silicon carbide, but beyond that as well across the entire portfolio. What we're not doing is we're not doing LTSAs on the business we're looking to exit, obviously, because -- we don't want to have a commitment there.
Thad Trent: Yes. Tristan, I would add that of our $14.1 billion of LTSA, it does not include the NCNR orders. So when you combine the two, we have very good visibility into our backlog and what we're truly.
