Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. Look, obviously for silicon carbide, it's a ramping business for us. You've seen tremendous progress in the first quarter, slightly ahead of where we thought we would be based on just the team doing a stellar job ramping the technology, that's going to keep ramping throughout the year. You can think about it as an uptick in the second-half as we accelerate the -- exiting the year on track for the $1 billion that we talked about and every day, we had more and more confidence in those numbers. The rest of automotive, obviously, we have some technologies that remain constrained, so demand is healthy. We remain constrained in our ability to supply to that demand. You can think about that as our silicon high voltage, silicon medium voltage, that not just go to the EV demand, but also a broader aspect of that demand. Other technologies, we're monitoring the inventory digestion. As I said in my prepared remarks, that was, kind of, the first quarter where we wanted to look at it. We used that opportunity to drain the distribution inventory where you see we went from 7.3 weeks to 7 weeks and that's a pretty big number over $70 million of a $1 drained from the inventory, because we wanted to set ourselves up for the uncertainty in the second-half of the year that everybody keeps talking about. So from a demand, I'm comfortable with the EV, that's a ramping business for us. The rest we're cautiously monitoring. However, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Q2 is an up quarter for us in Q1. So you can think about automotive as we took a breather in Q1 to test the inventory and we're going to keep ramping for the rest of the year. Full-year, we're going to be up from last year, so that gives you kind of an idea on the overall demand as we see it outside of quarter-on-quarter fluctuation.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, my comment is exiting the year. It's basically reiterating our plan that I've stated throughout the year -- last year of establishing the supply, establishing the growth in our Hudson facility in order to set ourselves up exiting the year majority. So that holds even more now given the progress that we've had in Hudson just in the last quarter, which drove a lot of our favorability in our results and the gross margin as Thad talked about. So I remain very, very happy with where we are from the progress and the confidence that we have in reiterating our plans. As far as the gross margin obviously in-sourced is always better, because you can see the merchant, there's always margin stacking that happens. So our ability to be able to mix and have a majority exiting, of course, helps the margin as we move through the year. But the biggest portion of the margin expansion for silicon carbide is really going to come from the utilization of that fixed cost that we've implemented. And that remains on track for us to get that business to at or above the corporate margin. So we remain very focused on that and really satisfied with where we've done so far.
Hassane El-Khoury: Absolutely no changes, it’s actually very predictable and that's really the benefit that we've been talking about with the LTSAs that have us really with our customers align on pricing and volume through the duration of the LTSAs. So no conversations about pricing. The focus has always remained on supply and that's holding up not just through the year, but through the extent of the LTSAs we have with the customers. So very, very stable and no pressure on that. And by the way, it's not just an automotive. The pricing is holding up across all markets where we have LTSAs and we -- because we -- as you know, we've been focusing on products that provide value. It's not a pricing conversation, it’s about what the products bring to the customer. The things that would have pricing pressures, in Thad, talked about how we have been focusing on exiting that business, to the point where it's above the business we exited had a four handle on the gross margin and we still are steadfast on exiting, because that is where the margin pressure will come in and the pricing pressure and we're not going to play in these markets and we're getting ahead of it and exiting those businesses.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, so the -- for me, I always refer to shortages as technologies, because they're across all markets where we provide them. High voltage silicon is of course constrained technology for us. We ramped capacity, yet the demand is much higher than even our increased capacity. And for that business, for example, it goes into automotive and it goes into industrial specifically in our alternative energy. And as Thad said, that's ramping very nicely this year after a very stellar ‘22 ramp that we talked about last year. So that is technology that is constrained. We have some intelligent power technologies that are constrained. Think about it as mixed signal analog where demand in automotive and demand in industrial both have been increasing ahead of the capacity we've added. So those are technologies agnostic of markets. We remain constrained, not because of just capacity, but demand keeps accelerating, because of the markets we are participating in. As far as the second-half of the year, that really depends on what your view is for the second-half of the year. Based on our outlook, that technology will still remain constrained there, while in other areas, not in these specific technologies, we're seeing some flattening in our lead times and therefore we can see some of that easing. But the second-half is really going to depend on what the demand does. And based on our outlook, we're going to remain constrained.
Hassane El-Khoury: Well, I would say, must be present to win. I'll see you in -- at our Analyst Day on May 16 for that one.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, I mean, we all see the EV market in China. But the difference for us is China for us is a ramping market. And that's really going to be contributing to our ramp throughout the year. So even if the demand call it on the top demand is a little choppy, out of China. For us, it's incrementally favorable and we're going to continue to ramp there, so we don't see it. We're kind of disconnected from it given that for us, it's a ramp. It's not a mature market yet, and that puts us in a very good position.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look. We don't see a big disconnect into demand. It was like I said, it was a momentary thing where we use this opportunity to kind of reposition the inventory that we have externally and we'll get back to growth in the second quarter and through the year giving us an increase in our automotive revenue year-over-year. So that really doesn't change the outlook. But what we take a look at, if you think about it, it's a stable environment we're going to be growing in automotive. If I really don't see any areas that causes us pause or a change in our outlook. So we remain confident with that.
Hassane El-Khoury: And then on the alternative energy, the tailwind is going to be market-driven. We had a stellar year in ‘22 from ’21, and that's compounding now what we're going to see in ‘23 from ‘22 and that's all of it is market-driven, and that's primarily the big components here are silicon power and silicon carbide. But again, as Thad mentioned, we have a penetration with the whole bomb, bill of material. And if you recall most of that market for us is under LTSAs, we have LTSAs with eight of the top 10 energy vendors in the world and they're ramping given the demand and we're ramping with them given our content.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So look, as I mentioned, we're -- we've been increasing capacity. We started in 2022 in preparation for the ‘23 ramp and really the ‘24 ramp in this case where a lot of the focus, like you said, has been on substrate, because that's the first thing we have to ramp. But with increased capacity in our wafering and internal EPI, that gives us a very big cost advantage versus getting turnkey externally. And then following that is increase in our fab capacity, which also gives us a much better cost structure. Because the fab we are ramping is an existing power fab that's where we do really most of our IGBTs. And having a power fab at scale, gives us that edge one from a cost and two from the speed at which we can scale. So think about it this way, increasing capacity in an existing fab that already does power is way cheaper and way less risk than Brownfield and a power fab and silicon carbide. That has always given us the confidence in our ramp, has always given us the confidence in the slope of the ramp, which really exceeds everyone else out there and we're on track to achieving it, all of these give us one the cost, two the risk mitigation and three the confidence in our outlook.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, when I say pockets again, I'll go back to my comment from prior about the technology. We remain constrained in technologies across all markets and there are areas primarily. You can think about it mostly on the consumer and compute where we've been -- one is cautiously monitoring specifically the disit inventory and that's why you've seen us even this quarter be very aggressive in draining the dollars in the channel. So although the weeks were 0.3 weeks down in the channel, but dollars are almost $80 million down. And that's a pretty steep decrease that we have been managing. And look, we've been managing it throughout the whole even the -- when supply was constrained across the board. So inventory for us is a big focal point not just internally, but externally. And until we get higher and higher confidence in what the second-half is going to bring, we're going to be cautiously optimistic and really holding back on what we ship out of the company unless we are seeing high confidence in its POS-ing. We're not going to have inventory just sitting around whether it's our distribution shelf or the customer shelf. And that really sets us up for a very nice recovery whenever that starts turning out to be.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, obviously our competitive advantage across the board and image sensor is really on technology. We've talked about specific technology, I mentioned a few of them where it's the near infrared that helps with different lighting conditions, that of course applies in automotive and the examples I've given in my prepared remarks or start industrial, but it also applies in automotive where the high dynamic range whether it's very bright/light with sun or very dark at night. Those are all competitive advantage on the inherent in our technology that customers value and that we provide these solutions for. On the 8 megapixel, that's a new generation that we have launched across both auto and industrial. You're going to -- you can expect that to be forward-looking a mix shift as we ramp that. So today is very small. But the commentary I gave about ASP with of course also translates to improved margins that is on a forward-looking basis. Both Thad and I have always said our new products are at or ahead of our model, the 48% to 50% and as we ramp these products, you're going to see the margin expansion that will be contributed to by these products becoming a higher percent of revenue. So that's more of a forward-looking statement that again gives us the confidence in our margin trajectory and the fact that we've always said, it’s not -- the model is not the destination, it’s really a milestone.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, so across the board, obviously, I think I'll comment on image sensors, image sensors is a foundry business for us. We're seeing some easing in the foundry, so we get a little bit more capacity allocated to us. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we used this opportunity to really bridge that supply to demand gap that we've had in the last couple of years and we're making progress into catching up. We're not caught up yet, but we're making progress, so that remains constrained obviously. On high power silicon, think about it as IGBT or silicon carbide really. We've always said we're sold out on silicon carbide, so improvements that we have contribute to our achieving our numbers. IGBT, as I mentioned, remains constrained, because of strength and not just automotive market, but also in the industrial. A lot of our energy storage systems are silicon and silicon carbide, but a lot of it remains still today on silicon. So that adds some of that constraint, so you can see it's really across the board not specifically on markets, but it's driven by megatrend growth that we are participating in. As far as M&A, look, you're right, our focus is on execution. We have a lot going on, a lot of it is great work that creates a ton of value for our shareholders. So execution is key and execution is our focal point. But we never look away from M&A, we're always looking, because those are opportunities that we will participate in. But as we sit here today, I can't tell you there is something we are missing in order to achieve our organic plans of value creation. So we'll be opportunistic, we'll always drive and participate in the M&A landscape, but there's nothing I would say we have to have, which is the best place to be, because we can be very disciplined in our approach of M&A.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, in our -- just for China specifically in our non-strategic markets. Obviously, that's been down, both the market is down, but also that's not a strategic market for us, so we've been exiting and a lot of the exit is driven by the market in China for us. So that contributes, it's part of our plan, so that's not a surprise for us. It's actually what we anticipated and that's why we've been focusing on these exits, as far as protecting our margin and that's been our strategic plan all along. And we're starting to see it play out, which is not a surprise for us. On the EV, although there's some pause in EV or a little bit of redirection on the EV market in China for us, that market is actually net incremental. We are the ramping party in EV in China and therefore that will remain through the rest of the year even with the current outlook as a net favorable to our revenue growth. So we're -- I would say, no surprises, no changes to our outlook and no changes to our execution as we move forward this year.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I'm not worried about the merchant supply. Obviously, our percent of internal is going to be incrementally going up throughout the year. We're going to be majority internal. But as far as derisking, we've done a very good job on having multiple sources that we are able to pull on. All sources, not internal, are qualified. And we're getting what we need. So therefore, think about it as a very good and already in the playbook risk mitigation strategy while we continue to execute greatly on our internal substrate.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, actually, the announcement doesn't change my outlook. It actually -- I would say, confirms it because if you think about it, this is a new platform and a much broader platform as far as volume. And therefore, it's incrementally beneficial as far as demand is in the market, that's just on silicon carbide. The other thing is when you start thinking, and I don't want to talk about customers specifically. But as more and more, you can start thinking about silicon and silicon carbide, so IGBT plus SiC. This is a business that I've been talking about for really a couple of years. And you've heard me talk about how it's always a customer choice and our ability to supply both is incrementally beneficial for us. Therefore, when you start seeing silicon carbide, even with lower penetration of silicon carbide on a platform is still a net incremental silicon carbide in mass market vehicles. And that actually supports the concept that I've talked about that we are going to be constrained over the next few years.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you again for joining our call. As Thad mentioned, we look forward to seeing many of you at our Analyst Day. Our future is bright, and we look forward to sharing with all of you what's next for On Semi. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. So the utilization dropped in the quarter from about 74% to 71%. We expect, kind of, what we're seeing right now is utilization to stay in that range plus or minus for the remainder of the year. Obviously, if there's a second-half recovery, we can ramp up quickly. You nailed it on the rest of it silicon carbide performed better-than-expected, EFK cost as I said is coming in significantly higher than we expected. You can think about these as being, kind of, orders of magnitude more dilutive than what we expected. The good news is we are absorbing that. As I said, we're finding additional opportunities to improve gross margin across the company and we're able to absorb that. We believe by the time we get into 2024, we've got the cost structure of EFK back in line to where we would expect it to be. So we're really confident in the margin outlook for this year, I don't think anything changes. I think if we look at Street consensus for gross margin for 2023, even with these headwinds, we think we can execute to that -- those expectations.
Thad Trent: Yes. And on the lead time. Lead times are relatively stable running, kind of, in that 41 to 43 week timeframe. Quarter-on-quarter, I think down a week to two weeks, but I would call it pretty much across the board lead times are stable.
Thad Trent: Yes, well. I would start out by saying we're making big investments in silicon carbide and EFK as I've mentioned. Now as you think about our capital expansion and expansion in just capacity is to support the LTSAs that we have, right? So this is not a situation where we're building capacity hoping that we can fill it. So we're very comfortable that with our margin projections that we can absorb that additional depreciation. I would tell you in general, I wouldn't call it significant, but what you would see is offsetting revenue and gross margin to offset that depreciation.
Thad Trent: Yes. So the impact of the $160 million, I'll start there. We expect to get that as we exit those fabs. We think that really starts to kick in in ‘24 and ‘25 it takes at least three years to exit a fab. So I think most of that starts to roll in ‘24 and ‘25. On the headwinds from silicon carbide and EFK, so the EFK has already hit us in Q1. You can think about that as being pretty consistent through the year. We think by early 2024, we can get that back in line and it isn't the headwind that we that we got surprised with. On silicon carbide, it's ahead of schedule, which is really great. It’s performing much better than we expected. There is a headwind there, we think it likely peaks, kind of, in that Q3 timeframe. And then we think by the time we get to ‘24, it’s -- those margins are at the corporate average, so that's behind us as well. EFK will be a little bit of a drag as we've talked about previously in ‘24 and ’25, as we continue to do that foundry business for global foundries, but we think we can get the cost structure back in line this year.
Thad Trent: Yes. So harsh, what we said is at scale, at once we fully ramped so it can carbide, those margins would be at or above the corporate average. As I said, we've got headwinds that we think peak in Q3. We think by the time we get to ‘24, that headwind is behind us. In terms of the magnitude of the headwind, we've said historically that the silicon carbide is 100 basis points to 200 basis points of a headwind. We're performing better than we expected. So you can think about that as not at the high end of that range, it’s somewhere in between there. But we're very confident in our outlook here based on our performance that, that we can continue to execute there and we feel very good. On EFK, as I said, we had the full impact in Q1. You can see we absorbed it and offset it with gross margin expansion in other areas. Historically, we've said that’s 40 basis points to 70 basis points, I've said it's significantly higher. You can think about it as being greater than 2 times, what our expectations were. Again, we think we can absorb that throughout the year. Our margin trajectory doesn't change and we're very comfortable with Street consensus on gross margin for the year. So I think it gives you -- our confidence in managing through this.
Thad Trent: Yes. So the LTSAs, we continue to stack those up another $1 billion this quarter to $17.6 billion, it's broad, it’s across the board. There's silicon carbide, there's non-silicon carbide. But when we think about how we're engaging with our customers that want assurance of supply, they're looking at the entire portfolio and locking that up with us for multiple years. And again, keep in mind these LPSAs on average are four to five years. So it's -- as Hassane said, pricing is stable and those really gives us better predictability of our business and we're happy that we continue to engage with customers on that way. We see customers expanding their LTSAs either by adding additional part numbers or extending the duration and then we've got new customers that have been on the outside looking in. That are coming in saying we need to get an LTSA with you. And so we think that trend will continue.
Thad Trent: Yes. And I would just add that although it's a tight market out there, obviously, I think that's well known. We -- as I've said, we've been building inventory in silicon carbide for this ramp. So we've been preparing for it. And then obviously, as we get more flex into internally supplied substrates, that helps us.
Thad Trent: Yes. So we think for the year, there's a total of about $400 million of exits. This first quarter, we are at $47 million below our original expectations. We thought it was going to be higher than that this quarter. But we actually think we will still exit this throughout the year. I think this next quarter in Q2, we're probably looking at about $85 million of exits and then the remainder of that to be in the second-half. So you'll see these exits ramp additionally in the second-half. And the gross margin is -- yes, it's kind of in that mid-40% range of what we're going to lose currently. And this is the stuff that's price sensitive that -- the reason we're going to lose it is because we're not going to go down that pricing curve, right? So this is -- these exits over time, we think these gross margins go back into the in the low range that we're not willing to participate in. So yes, so for the year, about $400 million, and you can think about it as kind of the mid-40% gross margin range.
