Dan Janson: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter 2013 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's Chairman and CEO; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we'll be attending the Baird Growth Conference on May 8 in Chicago, the Deutsche Bank Semiconductor 101 Conference in San Francisco on May 9, and the JPMorgan Tech, Media and Telecom Conference in Boston on May 15. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our first quarter financial results and discuss the current status of the second quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our website at www.fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild's management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we file with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find the reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The website also contains a variety of useful information for investors, including an extensive financial section to facilitate your investment analysis. Now, I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Dan Janson: And as we said in the call as well, our direct OEM bookings are the highest level since 2010. So we're seeing very strong demand from OEMs.
Dan Janson: So our utilization rate coming out of Q1 was in the low 80s. So obviously, we'd expect to increase factory loadings going from here, but from the low 80s, we put quite a bit of headroom. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, there are a couple of package types that we are having to add capacity on right now, especially around some of the smart power modules. And as we've said, that business is rebounding quite strongly right now. So there will be some selected areas where we'll likely have to add some capacity, Chris, but for the most part, we've got plenty of room to expand our sales.
Dan Janson: So Mark and I can take a stab at that one. So the way you need to think about this, Aashish, is usually that looking forward, we've got the 8-inch line coming up in Korea. What we've told you guys is that the costs associated with running that fab won't be any higher than what we're already absorbing in our P&L. And so Mark said a minute ago, we would expect that we would start getting some of that charge, some of those expenses to come off the P&L and become a tailwind to us in the second half. So it isn't going to get any worse, basically, from here. As far as what our revenue generation capability will be, it will be something north of $450 million. Now depending on how strong the market is, as Mark Thompson was saying earlier, that capacity coming online is pointed squarely at the high-voltage and mid-voltage market, which the bookings demand is quite strong for right now. So if we can roll that factory up, that new line up, then we have the ability to generate revenue well in excess of $450 million. And if we find that business is quite a bit slower, we've got a 5-inch line in Korea and that will be one of the things that we would eventually do is to start minimizing our 5-inch loads and running them at 8-inch and we'd get a cost advantage by doing that. So we've got a couple of different ways that we can run that going forward. But it isn't going to be any worse from a P&L perspective going forward. It can only get better.
Dan Janson: Lead times have been pretty stable because we're still -- we still have plenty of capacity. And pricing has been pretty consistent for, gosh, quite a while now, Mike. I mean we were between down 1% to 2% this quarter, it's almost identical in the last quarter, and that's how we're setting that for next quarter as well. So you're not really seeing anything unusual in the pricing either.
Dan Janson: And that still has us underutilized, frankly. So we still have room to grow and certainly, in the second half, we turn on the 8-inch line in Korea. We've got plenty of headroom there.
Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. I'm sure most of you had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. We recorded better than seasonal sales growth for the first quarter while reducing internal and distribution inventory by a combined $12 million sequentially. This impacted gross margin in the first quarter, but we expect a recovery in gross margin as sales grow across 2013. Let's review some of the details starting with the income statement. For the first quarter of 2013, Fairchild reported sales of $343 million, up 3% sequentially and 3% lower than the 14-week first quarter of 2012. This is well ahead of normal seasonality of flat to down 2%. Adjusted gross margin was 28%, down 2 points from the prior quarter due primarily to continued reductions in internal inventory and nearly 1 full point of incrementally higher 8-inch wafer fab qualification costs. We expect gross margin to improve significantly with increased factory loading and better product mix as we progress through 2013. R&D and SG&A expenses were $94 million in the first quarter, which was higher than forecast due primarily to increased R&D and selling expense to support sales growth, in addition to the expected increase in payroll-related taxes and equity compensation. Although we are holding headcount flat in second quarter, we are guiding OpEx up at $4 million to $6 million sequentially due to effective higher accruals for variable compensation. These accruals are based on our expectations for strong EBIT growth during the remainder of the year. We believe the current order rate, sell-through and inventory levels support our financial expectations, but rest assured that if this view changes, we can rapidly scale back spending in variable compensation accruals as we have in the past. First quarter adjusted net loss was $2 million and adjusted EPS was a negative $0.02. This adjusted net loss excludes the $12.6 million litigation charge reversal related to the recent favorable court ruling on the First Power Integrations lawsuit. Our adjusted tax expenses was $1.5 million. Now I'd like to review the first quarter sales and gross margin performance for our 2 major product groups. Sales were up 7% from the prior quarter for our PCIA business, driven by a broad-based strength in both high-voltage end markets. Sales into the automotive market were up more than 26% sequentially. The industrial and appliance demand improved significantly during the quarter as well. PCIA gross margin was down 3 points from the prior quarter at 26% due to inventory reductions and about 2 full points of incrementally higher 8-inch startup costs. In our MC Cubes, business, sales were down 2% sequentially, driven primarily by weak computing and consumer demand, which was partially offset by better-than-seasonal mobile demand. Gross margin decreased slightly to 34% due primarily to inventory reductions for computing and consumer-related products. Turning to our balance sheet. We decreased internal inventory by more than $10 million or 4% sequentially to 85 days. This level gives is one of the leanest supply chains in the industry while maintaining our ability to support ongoing sales growth. Days of sales outstanding, or DSOs, increased to 44 days as we took more customers direct. Payables were 40 days, down 5 days from the prior quarter. Free cash flow was a negative $24 million, which was driven by lower net income in payables, as well as higher receivables. We ended the first quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by $124 million. Turning now to forward guidance. We expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $375 million for the second quarter. Our current scheduled backlog is nearly sufficient to achieve the low end of this range. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 30% to 31% due primarily to improved factory utilization and better product mix. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $98 million to $100 million due to the annual merit increase, higher variable compensation expenses and some equity vesting that occurs just in the second quarter of each year. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15%, plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices, we are not assuming any obligation to update this information, although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Frey: So I'll talk about the gross margin first. Obviously, as we've said, one of the biggest one-time items is the almost 200 basis points in the qualification costs for the 8-inch line in Korea. That'll extend through the second quarter, so it's included in our guide for the second quarter. That will then taper off in the second half of the year as we bring that facility online. Obviously, when you're reducing inventory, then underutilization and inventory charges become the biggest influence on margin. They were certainly the biggest influence in the Q1 margin. And in Q2, there is still inventory costs that are baked into the 30% to 31% guide. So yes, you would see a positive progression after Q2, even simply if we produce at the same level. But if we continue to ramp up our production, then obviously, you'll have more leverage. And in terms of the OpEx, the progression after Q2 would depend on the level of profitability. So there's not much from a spend standpoint built into future expectations. Equity actually trails off a little bit because of this special feature that we have in our plans that fully vests in Q2. But the variable comp, obviously, if we start logging more and more EBIT, then we'll log more and more variable comp and there will be -- but obviously, that's sort of a virtuous cycle.
Mark S. Frey: And Tristan, lead times are still pretty restrained. So they haven't expanded yet. So I don't think there's much nervousness on the part of distributors for getting backlog on the books.
Mark S. Frey: In terms of the external inventory, it's down modestly in dollars and that translates to about the same days of inventory, which is -- and it's a number of days we're very comfortable with. It's slightly higher than the lows we hit in 2010. But it's a good bit lower than generally what we operated with over the last several years. In terms of the internal inventory, as we said, that was $10 million. And I would say, about 1/2 of that was not necessarily anticipated when we gave our original guidance, which accounts for the fact that we did report margins a bit lower than the guidance range. We're at 85 days there, so -- and we're certainly, by standards of our peers, we're probably one of the leanest guys in the industry now. And if we achieved just midpoint of Q2 guidance, that will be 80 days. So essentially, that would be an internal record.
Mark S. Frey: And just to be clear, the 80% Dan talked about, doesn't include the capacity in the 8-inch in Korea because it has not come online yet. So it somewhat understates the leverage we have available to us going forward.
Mark S. Frey: Well, we have a lot of confidence in the projections we're giving. I think if you would pick one thing, I would say that this kind of double downturn in a row has been a challenge for us and we have typically started quarters with a bit more expectation and we're primed to not let inventory become a problem. So if we see a problem, we're going to attack the inventory and that has impact on our margins.
Mark S. Frey: Steve, that's exactly right. We do have a little more because of the equity comp. The growth is deliberate and it's invested in our sensor technology development, our silicon carbide technology development. And if you really go back in time, since Mark joined the company, we've roughly doubled our R&D investment as a percentage of revenue. It's been difficult because the cycle has been prolonged, but we have made choices to maintain those investments. And, at the same time, we've been lowering our SG&A.
Mark S. Frey: I think 11.5% is our model. Now it depends on which product lines are growing because each product line has a different appropriate R&D level. But if you weight our product lines right now, 11.5% is about what I come up with.
Mark S. Frey: Well, it spreads with the load on the 8-inch line. But I think Mark said earlier, kind of slashing through all this, we'll have positive product mix, we'll have positive utilization, we'll have the impact of turning the line on. And with revenue in let's say with the $400 million on it, that translates to about the mid-30s. Obviously, there's additional leverage after the Q2 guidance.
Mark S. Thompson: So the booking progress is very broad based. There's essentially all geographies and all markets. There's more granularity, of course, around customers. But we can't really provide that, the details, as it's obviously sensitive and proprietary to our customers. But very broad based, very consistent, very linear. So one other thing I would add to that is, we watch very close, particularly in distribution sales as to whether backlog is actually growing or not because when -- at an inflection in the cycle, when order rate increases and backlog increases, it's one of the markers for speculative buying. One of the reasons why we feel pretty comfortable about the information that we put out in its robustness is that we have not seen growth in backlog in the Distribution business. So it stays steady. So in other words, people are ordering it and it's going right back out the door again. So it's not a speculative order pattern.
Mark S. Thompson: Sure, Terence, let me -- so the first part of that, we will certainly give some exposure to the investment community to DJ at some appropriate point, in the not-too-distant future. In terms of what he's doing for us, I think we -- I've said and it's still true that it'll take a full year to 1.5 years of his arrival before we start to see sort of some meaningful things that are going to happen. I mean, he's intensely, focused on the product piece of our business, which is from opportunity identification by application, all the way through volume production and he brings a unique strength in sort of every aspect of that. So we've got the big things that are going to be emerging later this year. One of the most interesting one is the absolute best-in-class 6 degree of freedom center target at mobile applications, which will set an entirely new benchmark in terms of power efficiency, for example. So there's a series of things like that, that win, they're ready and they are starting to go to customers, it will be a very appropriate time for us to show what we are doing as opposed to what we don't want to do and show what we're going to be because I think that's a little bit of a hollow exercise. So expect some things out that are specific prior to our departure up to 2013.
Mark S. Thompson: So absolutely, our customer helped us select our process technologies. We already have many of our new mobile designs that are at nodes below those that we manufacture ourselves and they go through foundry. Increasing the fractions of the build and the designs that we do, particularly in mobile. We will be at nodes that we don't intend to do internally. So inevitably, what that would mean is that as those businesses grow, that we'll have a larger and larger fraction that will be fabless and that's built into our model, that's built into our capital model. And so that, again, we should expect -- that it is happening now and we expect it to accelerate in the second half of the year and into next year.
Mark S. Thompson: The picture that we see for our share in mobile is we're very -- feel good about our gains across the year. And so while you can never exactly predict exactly what the various customers will do or -- we have share gains sort of everyplace you'd look. And so we expect each quarter to be better than the previous one with some pretty exciting things particularly happening in Q3 and Q4.
Mark S. Thompson: That's correct. So in terms of linearity, it has been the most linear year that I've seen in at least 5 years. So -- and part of it is that, again, we worked through -- the industry has worked through, and we, in particular, were quite exposed to some of the industrial and appliance stuff in China, which had a severe inventory build in 2011. And we talked about that in the past. So as that's come off, that's been one piece of it. But we've also done a lot of upgrades to our sequencing system, how we place orders, how we commit to them. And so that's also contributed to linearity. But so far, it's been a very straight line, as I commented, the run rate is roughly $400 million a quarter, we are booking -- we booked just a tick under, it was $395 million total that we booked in the first quarter. We're running a little bit about that so far in the second. We are starting backlog position. In the second quarter, it was about $25 million ahead of our starting backlog position in the first quarter. And as of my last check on yesterday's numbers before the call this morning, it continues on almost perfect straight line.
Mark S. Thompson: So everything but computing, we have -- we expect; to see to make progress across the year. It's hard in sort of core notebook, which isn't really very important to us anymore in single digits. That one is tough to call, but it's hard to make the case for improvement there. So I think that one is probably sideways to down. With everything else, we expect to show significant revenue growth across the year.
Mark S. Thompson: In dollar terms? Probably industrial/appliance with SPM and mobile would be the 2 that we expect to see the biggest dollar gains in.
Mark S. Thompson: So it's still in a very early stage, and that there really aren't any dominant solutions yet, but there's a lot of work going on in wearables in several categories. Some of the most interesting ones are health monitoring and sort of availability of display and interface for your phone, which you don't have to walk around looking like you're holding a gun. And so those are the 2 most interesting ones and there's at least half-dozen different implementations that are going on. And so I think it's very much in an experimental mode right now and it will be another leg of -- I think the way things have progressed in mobile, which is a lot of interesting ideas that float out into the market and then some things will turn out to really catch and then those will become the next wave. So we're still in the very early phase of that. The biggest issue for those is all about power management and efficiency and particularly in sensing. If you look at the sensor elements that are in today's phones, they're actually switched off most of the times because they're so power-hungry, we really can't use them. And so what that really does is it makes them a lot less useful than they can be, especially for things like health and activity monitoring and gesture and some of the things that look like they will be really important. So driving, motion, Gyro, position, down in order of magnitude of power, opens up a whole set of really, really interesting things that could happen. And that's what we're targeting our sensor activities. As I commented, we expect we'll see the commercial light of day towards the end of this year. So this will be a real premium on space efficiency, timeliness, energy efficiency, battery life and as I said, advanced sensing. So all have to coalesce in a really unique way.
Mark S. Thompson: Yes. So I think it is likely the case that there's still some residual caution that's built into their, at least the order rates we see, and that'll be a close watch point. What's interesting is, typically, it's fairly early in the replenishment cycle that you see backlogs start to climb. And we have not seen that. In fact, backlog is still slightly trending down in the distribution space. So, but clearly, that will be a watch point and one of the things that we'll keep an eye on for signaling when it's not going to go up anymore and that we should plan accordingly.
Mark S. Thompson: Two things that I think, to embellish what Dan said, is that, one is that the BK 8 -- if you go back to my comment on where the biggest revenue growth could be, which was in mobile and the SPM high-power stage, both of those are actively accommodated in the way we're building our supply chain. So as I commented earlier, we're outsourced on most of the growth platforms in mobile. So that will increase our build at foundry, but we're not capitalizing that period. And that's true for the front-end production, as well as the chip scale side of that. If you look at the high-power piece of that, BK 8, which is our big 8-inch conversion in Korea, which has a lot of capacity associated with it, is in square at that market. So both of those are fully aligned in the plans that we've put out and the capital estimates that we've put out. So to Dan's point is that we can support numbers well into the $400 million without really changing any amount of capitalization versus what our current run rates and testaments are.
Mark S. Thompson: So I think that generalization would be, as Mark said, is there's been an unusually protracted inventory correction not just for us, but for the industry. It's a lot harder to be right in a down cycle. It's a lot easier to be right in an up cycle.
Mark S. Thompson: So the consumer for us at this point is pretty heavily concentrated in advanced display. And so we wouldn't expect that to get a lot stronger this year, but it's also a relatively small part of the mix.
Mark S. Thompson: I'll try to quantify a little bit. On the current trajectory, we're shipping north of -- shipping/building north of $400 million a quarter. We would expect, in the second half, to be back in solidly in mid-30s in gross.
Mark S. Thompson: Well, I mean, inevitably, it will shift the revenue rec profile because revenue rec for direct business is pretty -- is simple in a sense that it goes out and then you never have to catch up, with the like you sometimes do with channel inventory. So we certainly will continue to do a portion of our business through distribution. We are actively shifting that, however, especially for some key mobile accounts and places like that where we simply can provide better service levels. And so it's really a supply chain model rather than trying to drive a shift in P&L. It has a transient effect on cash generation, but in the end, the cash generation should be the same. So it'll have a little bit of lumpiness as we make the conversion, but on the other side of it, it shouldn't look different than you're used to.
Mark S. Thompson: So there's a couple of things. There's a number of new designs that are occurring. But the other thing to remember is that the penetration rate of brushless DC motor in general and most parts of appliances, it's still a small minority of what people are building. So I just finished the survey of some, I'm assuming through Asia, some of our big appliance customers there, and they are all aggressively pursuing increasing share of brushless DC applications in their appliances. So it's continued share gain and none of the major players are north of 50%, 20%, 30%, for a lot of these applications is where the current penetration rate is. So there's tremendous amount left to convert. So it's not something in the context of the end market, which to your point can tend to be front half loaded, but that could be swamped by a couple of key platforms that convert across the year.
Mark S. Thompson: So it's the case that the -- what I'll call the attractive content that exists in a tablet is higher for us than it is actually in a standard notebook computer in large part because it's been highly standardized and highly commoditized in the notebook. But the fact that it's much smaller and typically lighter actually drives more demand on efficiency, and there's the tremendous focus on, for example, charge time right now, which creates a lot of very interesting content all the way from the innovations of the adapter, all the way through the battery management side of it. So the fact that they're so small and thin creates a lot more demand for much higher spec power management capabilities along that whole charge path. And so that's, from our viewpoint, the way we look at that. It's -- inevitably, if designs become static and standard, then there will be the trends on commoditization. So far, as far as the eye can see, there's tremendous pressure on increasing battery sizes and decreasing charge times, all of which actively work against both of those trends. So we see it continuing to be a very attractive space and one that we've got some of the best technology offerings in the world.
Mark S. Thompson: No. That -- we're not, and I think that's partly contained in the comment that backlog is not going up right. So typically, when the backlog is fine, people are booking well beyond lead times. So people are booking to lead times and then taking the order. So they're not speculative. So far, a very healthy dynamic.
Mark S. Thompson: It's both. If we look at -- for example, some of the really big handset players, they really want their strategic suppliers to have more control over their supply chains. And so there's that piece and that's probably the biggest piece of it as a kind of delayering of how that works. And again, it, as I said, tried to say earlier, it's not that there isn't a role for distribution, but it's a much more specific role that we're using increasingly. So aiming specifically at that particular a logistics service or something like that. So more menu-based approach to how we manage distribution.
