Mark S. Frey: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm sure most of you have had a chance to review our earnings press release, so I'll focus on just the key points in my comments. We delivered better than expected gross margin in the first quarter while reaching our lowest inventory levels in three years. Demand is strong across a broad range of our products giving us the higher starting backlog position entering the second quarter. We are increasing factory loadings in response and expect continued improvement in margins and earnings. Let's review some of the details starting with the income statement. For the first quarter of 2013, Fairchild reported sales of $344 million, up 1% sequentially and slightly higher than the first quarter of 2013. If we had shipped in line with distribution consumption and not reduce channel inventory, we would have exceeded the midpoint of our sales guidance range in the first quarter. Adjusted gross margin was 30.3%. Recall that we expected gross margin to be between 28% and 29% due primarily to the low utilization in the fourth quarter, resumption of some payroll-related taxes and ongoing manufacturing streamlining costs. Gross margin was better than expected due to higher factory loadings in the first quarter and improved product mix. R&D and SG&A expenses were $96.6 million which were higher than forecast due to increased legal spending and additional costs associated with our recent sensor business acquisition. First quarter adjusted net income was $5 million and adjusted EPS was $0.04. The adjusted tax rate was 25%. Now, I'd like to review first quarter sales and gross margin performance for our two major product groups. Sales were up 3% from the prior quarter for our MCCC business driven by a partial quarter of revenue from the newly acquired sensor business and higher demands from the mobile and computing end markets. MCCC adjusted gross margin was roughly flat with the prior quarter at 37% as better product mix was offset by the impact of lower factory loadings from the prior quarter and higher payroll-related taxes. In our PCIA business, sales were roughly flat sequentially as higher industrial, appliance and automotive demand offset weaker consumer and power conversion sales. Adjusted gross margin was down approximately 2 points sequentially to 28% due primarily to underutilization charges from the prior quarter and higher payroll-related taxes. Turning to our balance sheet, we reduced internal inventory by approximately $6 million or 3% sequentially to the lowest level in more than three years. Days of inventory decreased about five days from the prior quarter to 84 days. Days of sales outstanding or DSOs increased to 42 days and payables increased to 40 days. Free cash flow was a negative $5 million in the first quarter. We ended the first quarter with total cash and securities exceeding our debt by a $118 million which is lower than a quarter ago due to our recent all-cash acquisition of a private sensor company, stock repurchases and normal annual variable compensation payouts. Turning now to forward guidance, we expect sales to be in the range of $355 million to $375 million for the second quarter. We expect adjusted gross margin to be 31% to 32% due primarily to higher sales and factory loadings as well as improved product mix, which more than offset the impact of our merit increase. We anticipate R&D and SG&A spending to be $97 million to $99 million due to higher R&D and legal spending as well as the impact of the newly acquired sensor business. The adjusted tax rate is forecast at 15% plus or minus 3 percentage points for the quarter. Consistent with our usual practices we are not assuming any obligation to update this information although we may choose to do so before we announce second quarter results. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Thompson.
Mark S. Frey: Sure. The revenue is in the few million dollars per quarter range and a high margin profile and generally higher OpEx ratio than the rest of the company, but yielding strong EBIT. So it's coming out of the gate contributing strong profits.
Mark S. Frey: Well, in the first quarter it was only part of the company for two months and so in the second quarter, obviously it will be a full quarter. So it will ramp up by a third more in all of those categories.
Mark S. Frey: Yes. Although we had concluded the acquisition, most of our preparation work for the quarter had been done, so we went with the guidance we had which didn't really factor in. And so when we approach it, we take that 95 and add the OpEx from the acquisition. We are also trending – approaching 1 million more in legal expenses because of the ongoing IP dispute more than we had planned. And then as we see in the year as a totality, be better than our basic planning model, we are accruing. We have done so in Q1 and plan to continue to do so in Q2, accruing variable compensation for those results. Obviously, we don't produce the EBIT to qualify for the payouts we would end up reversing those notes.
Mark S. Frey: Well, Q2s tend to beat the peak for the year if you look back at the last few years and there's a couple of reasons. The merit hits on April 1. We do a special grant that approaches $1 million that has to be fully expensed in the quarter and people don't tend to take vacations. So, by the time you get into Q3 and Q4 you get to see some of the natural headwinds of the FICA contributions falling out, the vacation time being taken and the equity comp actually trends down a bit too. So I would expect this to be the high point.
Mark S. Frey: We're comfortable thinking that we can sustain at around the current level in the $80 million range including finishing off the bottlenecks in the 8-inch fab in Korea. Remember there is a lot of [reaves] (ph) of equipment that's available from our core capacity and we will be moving a fair amount of capacity to foundries and therefore that's a lower – just an inherently lower capital model. So when we look into the foreseeable future, we don't see a change for that. We're sort of in the – our classic band is 6% to 8% of sales but we've been operating on the very low end of that and expect to continue to do that.
Mark S. Frey: Well, most of the equipment in Korea is being depreciated right now. We do have some other equipment that would increase the current wafer capacity in Korea that's not been put in service yet, but it's not a huge impact. You'll see all of the things. When we do get a final determination that we can close the facility, then you'll see accelerated depreciation on those assets for the remainder of their lives. And from time to time you'll see one-time impairments although accounting makes that kind of hard to do. And then you'll then see the gradual bleeding down of other depreciation as it naturally falls of.
Mark S. Frey: In Q1 the OEM mix tends to be mobile in automotive, so automotive obviously had a good step-up in Q1. And mobile was a bit better than seasonal as well. But when you do it with some of the Chinese houses, we'll do that to distribution. If you do it with the big two then we'll tend to do it direct. So, it's hard to exactly answer your question.
Mark S. Frey: We don't 100% control that. The distributors also have a say on it and the orders that we received were very late in the quarter. So although we went into the quarter expecting to be channel neutral, $5 million is not a huge amount of uncertainty and it made the difference between whether that $5 million of product left on – or formulated in this case left on a Wednesday versus a Tuesday. And so had we adjusted for channel neutrality we would have been slightly above the midpoint.
Mark S. Frey: Well, in the fourth quarter you're seeing about 150 basis points of write-off of the underutilization related to essentially what went on in Q4. And you'll see a small number build into our guidance in Q2 but it's still a net drained on margin which kind of sets Q3 up for another move up. So, the way it works is actually as you begin to build your load plans, if they continue to increase, let's say, multiple quarters in a row, you're always moving some kind of benefit into some future quarter.
Mark S. Frey: There's a couple of things. First is, I think it's always prudent to operate at the lowest inventory level as you can for your service targets. And so that's really what we've been trying to do. And so it might cost you a little bit in the short term, but it robustens your performance through the cycle. So, that said, I think we are probably reaching the bottom of where we think we can constructively operate. And so we think something in the nine to ten weeks which is where we are is the optimum place to be. So, certainly, as the market strengthens, we're going to need to keep track in others words not keep dollar flat but keep weeks flat for service reasons. So, if the current strength that we see keeps up, certainly we're going to have to keep up with the inventory levels in the channel in terms of weeks.
Mark S. Frey: On the legal OpEx, although the expense tends to vary with the court date, so we do have a court date either very late this year or early next year. In general, we would expect that $1 million to continue for a while.
Mark S. Thompson: So, Ross, probably the biggest thing – I mean certainly the current trajectory of incoming orders points to the high end of the range that we put out. As I think you know, for the last three years, everybody has seen the softening in demand in the second quarter in terms of incoming order rate, and so that's the thing that causes us to put a bit of a bigger range out there. We have seen no evidence of it yet, but by the end of Q2 for the last three years there has been a significant pullback in incoming orders. The other piece of it is, is that we are very careful to ship not to backlog but to point-of-sale, and so point-of-sale forecast are always a little bit rough in the form that we get them from our distributors and the end customers, and so we also want to be very meticulous about not growing the channel at all in the second quarter which creates some cleanup in the back half of the year. So those are the caution elements, so they're more a planning nature and not at all about the current observe dynamic in the market.
Mark S. Thompson: Sure, Ross. I guess two key moving parts there. So the first is that we feel very – we as others have been a bit whipsawed by the big two in terms of shifting demand and so forth. So, for example, last year if we look at the strength of incoming orders in the first half, it was heavily driven by the big two. We don't plan on much incremental growth for the big two in the second half, although if it comes we can support it. What we have done is concentrate a lot of effort on the Chinese players where we think a lot of the volume growth is going to occur. And there we see both steady gains in content as well as steady gains in the total volume of phones that are being built. And so we do think that that will provide an opportunity to grow across the year.
Mark S. Thompson: Sure. A couple of different things. The first is that on the reference design side, we have been in the past very concentrated on U.S.-based chipsets and we have expanded that a lot to include some of the leading Chinese chipset providers, and that has provided a really good path into a broad base of applications. The other thing that we know is that many of the designs, the product designs that have been done for the big two have a lot of relevance to the sub-Chinese manufacturers which tend to be less highly integrated in a lot of the functions, so it's really the combination of those two things that has put us in a good position to have that be in aggregate as important as the big two if you look over the next year.
Mark S. Thompson: Sure. So, there's obviously a very high level of interest in adaptive charging. No one is satisfied – everybody wants to get a bigger battery and no one is satisfied with the current charge designs. So that's one that I'm very confident will be ultimately implemented everywhere. So there's still work going on wide communication protocols between charger IC, how the charger IC talks to the fuel gauge. Does the fuel gauge get integrated or not? And we already have a strong position in the adapter. So, we expect to see the first wave of implementations in the second half. We think that those will be careful effort – everyone is making them in careful effort because you always have a big learning cycle the first time you completely change an architecture like this. But in terms of content, it's I think a minimum of $1 content between the charger IC, the potential for fuel gauge integration and the adapter.
Mark S. Thompson: Well, there's always a risk of being caught short. It really depends on how long an up cycle lasts and whether shortage has emerged in other places. We've actually – for example, we have seen lead time extend a little but only from like six to seven weeks, so there is nothing that looks like overeating in that sense. We've put in a great deal of work into our supply chain forward-looking models looking at what we call our pressure [taps] (ph) for availability of supply in a variety of demand scenarios. So, we feel comfortable that we're in a good position to keep up with any increase in demand in what I'll call the foreseeable range.
Mark S. Thompson: So first I'll answer the second half of that is no, there was no accusation of any of the current business in the tier 1 mobile for any of the mobile nor any future products are not involved either. So the total revenue impact we believe is very small for the company. In fact the total amount accused was very small, so by definition it tends to be a small overall impact.
Mark S. Thompson: So, the difficult period in answering that question is that last year, we did a lot of work on our planning systems and in bringing down our lead times. And so if we were to compare our lead times to – as I said there were currently about seven weeks, they would have been more like ten to 12 weeks in Q2 of last year. And so we know that the backlog that you carry winds up being proportional to your lead times. So the only real comparison that we have is Q2 versus Q1 because that's where we're basically operating in the same lead time environment. And we are – I mean obviously if you look at the 20% statement of backlog versus Q1, we're obviously not guiding up 20% on the top line. So the backlog coverage of our Q2 guidance is significantly higher than the backlog coverage of our Q1 guidance. That's not necessarily reflected in thinking about going over the top in terms of revenues but it does – as Mark said, we had a few cutoff challenges late in the quarter. Q1 is often rear-end loaded and so what it does is I think it makes it a much more straightforward for us to service the demand without disrupting our supply chain.
Mark S. Thompson: So backlog coverage for our guidance in Q2 is definitely healthier than the backlog coverage for our guidance in Q1.
Mark S. Thompson: So, I think it's – any rebranding effort is image-related and somewhat forward-looking by nature. So we have the same logo for a long time and there's a couple of things about it. One is, is that we wanted it to be a bit simpler, a bit more dynamic, so that's the logo. The power to amaze I think embraces the concept of us moving beyond just power. So, if you look for example at the things that we're doing and sensing, position sensing, motion sensing, those things coupled with power to provide some really, really unique solutions and you'll see more over the next couple of weeks on our sensor offerings which are going to be rolled out in Europe in May. And so I think we're really trying to emphasize that while we are specialists in power, we're also doing much more than power and providing things that really have a lot of impact to the user and that's the amaze part. We've been on a steady trajectory away from tiny discrete standard product kind of things towards things that are much more architectural in nature. So if you look at what goes into one of our sensor solutions, for example, or what goes into one of our power steering modules is more and more of the things that we do are actually integrated subsystems either at the die level or integrated at the package level. And so we see that trend continuing and again just try to embrace that we aren't just selling tiny little devices to people, we're actually really comprehending – while the battery is a perfect example, really comprehending all aspects from the plug all the way to the battery in conceiving products that are integrated both from application point of view and also from a physical implementation point of view.
Mark S. Thompson: Yes, consumer is the thing that we've seen steadily shrinking and we expect to continue to steadily shrink. We don't think that there is enough value in those that we can provide or that people are willing to pay for to make that a focus segment.
Mark S. Thompson: Yes. So power conversion was a little bit soft. So there's a couple of things. So there have been some inventory reductions on the adapter side that have been a part of that and also if you look at some of the China business for power conversion, that also has been a little bit soft for some of it, so I mean that's the only place that we've seen softness.
Mark S. Thompson: So, on the consumer side, it's a little bit of each I would say. For example, big displays are one of the areas that represent a lot of the consumer piece for us and there have been some huge pricing moves in those and some content reductions in terms of the – on the engineering side, just less to look in some of the new implementations. But also just from a volume point of view, they are pretty challenged. Those markets are – they're certainly not growing and in many cases they're shrinking. Large displays have a very long life. There really hasn't been since 1080p anything compelling that caused people to go do upgrades. And so that's just some of the – it isn't a thing that we're planning to stop doing, there's some good content and some good technology in those things, but there is no compelling upgrades out there and the equipment that kind of everybody bought some years ago is still running just fine.
