Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Now for first quarter of 2014 outlook. While booking trends and end market demand outlook remain healthy thus far in the quarter, we are being cognizant of a rather mixed macroeconomic outlook in our first quarter guidance. Based upon product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turn levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $695 million to $725 million in the first quarter of 2014. Backlog levels for the first quarter of 2014 represented approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated first quarter 2014 revenues. We expect that average selling prices in the first quarter of 2014 will be down approximately 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. We expect inventory at distributors to rise on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditure of approximately $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter of 2014. For the first quarter of 2014, we expect both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins of approximately 33% to 35%. The quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin is primarily due to temporary closure of a few of our manufacturing facilities for infrastructure upgrades, preventive maintenance, lower utilization at Asia-based manufacturing facilities due to Chinese New Year holidays and fewer days in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The first quarter of 2014 comprises of 87 days, making it the shortest first quarter we have had in the last 13 years. The fourth quarter of 2013 comprised of 95 days. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $171 million to $184 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairment and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $13 million to $16 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $158 million to $168 million. We anticipate GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $9 million to $11 million for the first quarter of 2014, which includes noncash interest expense of approximately $2 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expenses will be approximately $7 million to $9 million. GAAP taxes are expected to be approximately $5 million to $7 million and cash taxes are expected to be approximately $3 million to $5 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $7 million to $9 million in the first quarter of 2014, of which approximately $1 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the first quarter of 2014 is expected to be approximately 445 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you, and Sharon, please open up the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, in that sense, it should help a little bit. It should help our seasonality. Q2 should be the normal 91 days. Q2s are always 91 days.
Bernard Gutmann: So in -- pretty much what we have is with fairly flat revenues, we have also the same flat gross margin. So it's pretty much, I would consider, in line.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, there is some lumpiness in that. There is obviously the seasonality on the top line and also some of the savings, including the closure of the KSS factories to come later in the year.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, it definitely is something that we're focusing on. It's not only for Niigata. We are also doing the same thing on some of our back-end facilities, like Vietnam. We are basically moving away from having SANYO factories -- SANYO-specific factories now or SSG-specific factories now. We are basically have 1 single manufacturing network. And the usage of the SSG factories for ON obviously is healthy in terms of capital avoidance and also allows to improve the gross margin on the SSG front by [indiscernible] overhead costs.
Bernard Gutmann: No, we haven't made a prediction on that. We're still using the same model of 6% to 7% of revenue. In 2013, we did actually underspend some. We spent $155 million or 5.7%. But the long term, well, it keeps being the same, approximately 7%, when you look at it over a medium period of time.
Bernard Gutmann: So the -- for the first quarter, our midpoint of our guidance is $2 million less than the current actual. So what we're seeing there is the benefit of the SSG restructuring coming to fruition -- or partially coming to fruition, offset by small increases in variable comp, and we expect that to continue throughout the year. In general, we'll see a reduction in SSG expenses offset by variable stock comp and some other minor expenses, in general, to have a yield that's fairly flat, maybe a smidge increase in the back half if results are very good.
Bernard Gutmann: So OpEx, they should be fairly flat with a minor increases in the back half of the year associated with variable comps.
Bernard Gutmann: Okay. So in terms of share buybacks, as I said, we still have $143 million available under the approved program. And we think it is still a good way to return cash to shareholders, it's our primary way to do it right now. We intend, as Keith mentioned, to continue paying down the debt as it matures. It's about $100 million or so for this year, and that will get us closer to a net debt, which -- at which point of time we could look at other means, including the dividend. But for right now, pretty much it's share buybacks and pay the debt as it gets -- as it matures. On M&A, our first priority was to fix SSG. We have mentioned in previous occasions that small tuck-in M&A or areas where we could increase our value to our customers are things that we would consider.
Bernard Gutmann: So let me address first the second one. The ASP decline of 2% is low, as Keith mentioned earlier, compared to our normal first quarter decline where we have the annual contracts coming. It's normally 3% to 4%, now it's 2%. So it's a more benign environment. On the gross margin, yes, our plans are to continue expanding gross margin. The focus on the higher than -- on the areas of automotive and smartphones and industrial are areas where we have higher-than-average gross margin. The first quarter, indeed, has some peculiar items, including the shortness of the quarter and the fact that we have some shutdowns associated with Chinese New Year, as well as some preventative maintenance that are making the absorption of overhead of the factory activities a little bit less than normal. But in general, we should be seeing improved gross margin as we go throughout the year.
Bernard Gutmann: It is a big offset. Otherwise, we would see a bigger increase. The back half growth is based on our assumption of a substantial improvement in the top line. If that doesn't materialize, then you will not see that increase I mentioned.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. So that represents a little over 60% of the total. And again, we think the rest of the business will grow fairly similar to the overall market rates, would be in the low single digits.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, we have stated that we think for SSG, their growth in CY '14 will be lower than the corporate average. They are doing some rebuilding. And while we're growing very quickly outside of Japan, there's not as much growth inside Japan. So as a division, that should grow slower.
Keith D. Jackson: No. Actually, we have seen the environment steadily improve as we went through the quarter, and we actually had the opportunity in a few areas to increase prices. And so the net of that was one of the most favorable environments we've had in several years.
Keith D. Jackson: Well, certainly the sell-through piece of it, I think, gives you a closer look to what the markets are actually doing rather than sell-in. So we think we're a good proxy for that. But frankly, I think it is the focus that we've had in the markets that we've been going after, frankly, are a little bit stronger. So people that have a different mix of markets may not fare as well.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. I would say without question on the computing side it is specific to ON. We outgrew the market significantly in Q4, and I expect that Q1 will be similar although lower than Q4. And that is the VCore story. I think we've talked about that quite a bit. So basically, Haswell continues to ramp. It will continue to ramp in Q1. And so you should see ON specific share gains going on in that market. You also probably have some share gains going on in automotive and industrial where we've had those focus for the last couple of years, which may be company-specific. So I guess, the way we would look at it is I think we're -- those markets are healthier than normal going into the first quarter, and we're doing a little better than normal in those areas.
Keith D. Jackson: I do think that. I think the supply chain is quite lean. And significant growth will cause some consternation. That's one of the reasons we've been carrying a little bit more inventory internally. I expect that we should start to at least level out in the distribution channel going forward, hopefully be able to restock a little. But at this stage, none of that has played into revenue forecast.
Keith D. Jackson: We certainly will be looking as we did in the fourth quarter for good times to buyback more stock. But in general, we will be paying off debt as it's due.
Keith D. Jackson: A little bit stronger than normal. But again, it will be down from Q4 but it's stronger than normal. And what we're seeing there, again, is the push to the higher-efficiency models gaining share within the total sales of white goods.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, that is basically implementing all of our annual contracts. They all go into effect January 1. So we get the biggest impact for the year in January on a regular basis.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Actually that -- again, that is actually good results because normally those annual contracts have bigger impacts in the first quarter than 2%. So we're still seeing a continuation of a more favorable pricing environment.
Keith D. Jackson: So distribution remains in a burn mode. There's no replenishment at this stage in sight. And in general, customers are -- have not yet, I think, started ordering more than they need out of fear, but there are certainly heightened concerns being given to us by the customers as they are looking at their 2014 and looking at growth and their levels and becoming a bit cautious.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. Margins are higher than corporate average. And we would expect to see growth in 2014 stronger in the second half. Basically, we've gotten a significant number of big wins in China Mobile handset vendors, and those are for new models that will start ramping here at the end of Q1 and Q2 and be in full production by Q3. Total revenues there, I don't know that I have just the OIS piece of that. So we can follow up with that at another time.
Keith D. Jackson: So on the computing front, I -- we like our prospects both years. We think we'll continue to increase. We've got some great products at great prices there and great positioning with the processor platforms. I think we still have another 10 points of market share to go in the notebooks. We're kind of in the low to mid-30s right now. I think that number can get up into the 40s over the next 12 to 18 months, I think is a reasonable expectation. On the camera side, yes, there's developed country phones with that in there, several of the Windows phones that are made by the big European company use those and several other phones made by North American suppliers use them.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So design wins in automotive, we had record design wins 2013. Those were after very good year in 2012. So from a production perspective, you see most of those gains happen in the fourth quarter of the year with the new model ramps. And so we're feeling pretty good about continued automotive increases as we get to the end of '14 and then even stronger based on the '13 wins we had in 2015. SSG, we've mentioned several times, we're getting great traction outside of Japan, with our key focus areas there and no major changes in Q4 from a momentum perspective. We continue to strengthen that and see that as an opportunity for us to really return to at or above market in 2015.
Keith D. Jackson: So last quarter, as we mentioned, we saw stronger-than-expected pickup in our power module business for the consumer white goods. And again, it was just -- it was unseasonably stronger than we expected. And as you go into first quarter, there's normal seasonal patterns that will bring both consumer business in general and then the white goods business also down a bit. But in general, that continues to exceed expectations.
Keith D. Jackson: So the mobile handset business should lead the growth with the intelligent power module business right behind it. Those should be the strongest 2. What continues to not grow as quickly is the balance of their consumer entertainment businesses.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes. It is, these are internal nomenclatures. We don't market those externally. The team spent a lot of time on it. There's lots of advantage to keeping the same initials, and I wouldn't read much into it.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, let me explain. So as part of the reductions, when the guys first look at the program, they looked at basically all the capital spend for that group. And the wafer fab in Japan was a big piece of the cost and they had targeted taking a lot more cost. Well, since our business activity across the board has been going up dramatically, we relooked at that and said it's a much less -- or much better cost effectiveness for our growth to put ON products into that factory to absorb the cost with the other growing businesses. So the net impact to SSG will be the same, and for the corporation we should save capital and be able to grow faster in an easy fashion because we had underutilized space.
Keith D. Jackson: Yes, it really depends where that application win is, and things like engine and powertrain is still a 3-year cycle. There's not much that's changed there. But in more of the customer convenience or consumer experience pieces of the automobile, that can go quicker, that can be a 1-year or 18-month cycle as opposed to the traditional 3.
