Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenues will be approximately $1.19 billion to $1.24 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. Backlog levels for the fourth quarter of 2016 represent approximately 80% to 85% of our anticipated fourth quarter revenues. Our guidance for the fourth quarter is in line with normal seasonality, with our organic business down approximately 2% at midpoint and Fairchild down approximately 7% at midpoint. We expect inventory distributors to be flat quarter-over-quarter on a dollar basis. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $40 million to $50 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP gross margin in the range of 27.4% to 29.5% and non-GAAP gross margin in the range of approximately 33.6% to 35.6%. Factory utilization in the fourth quarter is likely to be down sequentially. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of approximately $327 million to $359 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, which are expected to be approximately $54 million to $72 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $273 million to $287 million. We anticipate GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be approximately $40 million to $43 million in the – for the fourth quarter of 2016, which includes non-cash interest expense of approximately $6 million to $7 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense, including interest expense, will be approximately $34 million to $36 million. Cash paid for income taxes is expected to be approximately $7 million to $11 million. We also expect share-based compensation of approximately $13 million to $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in cost of goods sold and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our diluted share count for the fourth quarter of 2016 is expected to be approximately 424 million shares, based on the current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you and, Terrence, please open the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: So, as we mentioned in the written remarks, we are ahead of schedule on the savings and ergo, our midpoint of our guidance is $280 million. In general terms, we expect those numbers to be flat to down. We expect the first quarter to still show some improvement over that. And then, as you go into the back half of the year, we should expect still some small reductions, but it will be partially offset with our normal merit increases. But in general terms, we expect that our OpEx to move towards the 22% of revenue towards the end of the year.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So Fairchild's stub period, which is the one we had on our control, was $53 million. We don't have full visibility of what occurred before. It wasn't under our ownership and there was no public forum for that. In general terms, I believe it was pretty much in line with what their management was expecting and was not a surprise in general terms, but we don't have a precise number. Indeed, Fairchild, you see, recognizes revenue on a sell-in basis. We will continue recognizing revenue on a sell-in basis for the Fairchild piece and we are exploring the possibility of early adopting the sell-in conversion, which, as you know, all companies will have to migrate to sell-in as of 01/01/2018 as the latest. So we're exploring whether we do an early adoption of that at the beginning of 2017. It's still not completely defined, but that's the current thought process. So pretty much after 01/01/2017, we should all be changing to a sell-in methodology.
Bernard Gutmann: So we will be giving details on that at the next Analyst Day, but the fundamental tends to get to that 40% remain intact and we actually believe that the Fairchild acquisition enhances our ability to get there. And in general terms, as we have said before, it consists mainly of fall-through in incremental revenue, of self-help on manufacturing and consolidation, and mix improvements and potentially divestitures. Those are the four legs that will really allow us to get to that 40%. We have, in the past, talked about a 5% growth in revenue. That has fallen short in 2015 and 2016, but we do expect that there will be some low to middle single-digit growth in the markets that will allow us to get there.
Bernard Gutmann: In general terms, they are indeed in the ballpark. As we said in the prepared remarks, we expect ON legacy to be down about 2%, which is seasonal, and Fairchild to be down about 7%, which is also seasonal or maybe slightly better.
Bernard Gutmann: So, typically, we do look at that end market every quarter and there is – it typically happens. We fine-tune our end market information. So that's pretty much a regular process that we go through, just fine-tuning the information.
Bernard Gutmann: We still are targeting a 6% to 7% of revenue. It is a little bit lumpy. Sometimes it's higher; sometimes it's lower. But in general terms, 6% to 7% is still our model. We don't expect to deviate from it.
Bernard Gutmann: So the Q3 is probably a better base. If you look at the midpoint of our guidance for the ON legacy, it was $205 million, so in that sense. And if you take Q2 actuals for Fairchild, which I think was around $85 million, you're looking at a starting point of about $290 million. The way to look at it for next year is we intend to gradually come down to achieve about a 22% of revenue level. So it will be trending down from the existing approximately 23%.
Bernard Gutmann: Yes. We have had a chance to look at it. There should be no impact to the P&L. The guidance or the rules for this basically eliminates all of the sell-through deferred margin through equity without flowing through the P&L. So pretty much the only thing that will happen is on the financials is that the balance sheet will stop showing a deferred margin side and it will be all rolled into equity. From the P&L point of view, there will be no impact.
Bernard Gutmann: So as we said in – when we announced the deal on September 19, reducing our leverage is going to be one of our priorities. We do have debt that becomes due at the end of the year and we do have a good amount of cash on the balance sheet that allows us to have the flexibility of basically reducing that debt. As we increase our free cash flow generation, we'll be focusing on using that cash to de-lever up until we get to a level of about 2 times net over the next couple of years.
Bernard Gutmann: So the majority of the initial savings are coming from OpEx. There is some savings on a purchasing leverage on different COGS. The $0.20 right now remains intact and we'll provide more details in our Analyst Day, but right now, we're definitely on track to that $0.20 accretion for 2017.
Bernard Gutmann: Chris, let me clarify something. The Ignition IGBT was $25 million, but we also sold some TVS and Thyristor product lines in conjunction with that same sale that was more on the mandated side by the FCC. So the total revenue for that was definitely more than twice what you quoted for that business. And we don't give details on the profitability, but I would say it's not above corporate average.
Bernard Gutmann: So we're basically going to be growing towards that 10% of pre-tax income as we go throughout the year.
Bernard Gutmann: So we are merging the companies very quickly together, so we're not splitting the gross margin. In general terms, I think our normal 50% fall-through on incremental or decremental revenue is the short-term view of things. That's pretty much what affects the comp, supplemented by additional synergies coming on the Fairchild side.
Bernard Gutmann: So the interest rate on our repriced Term Loan B is now LIBOR plus 3.25% as compared to LIBOR plus 4.50. If you look at the blended average of all of our debt that we have, it's approximately a little bit higher than 3%.
Bernard Gutmann: We believe that the 110 to 120 is a comfortable place to be at and we'll continue with the – targeting to be within that range.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Well, it's a good time to address some of the differences between the Fairchild patterns and ON. ON normally would be down 2% to 3% in the fourth quarter and then down another couple of percent in Q1. Fairchild had a very different pattern. They were down like 7% or 8% in the fourth quarter and then up 1% or 2% in the first quarter. So the net of that is a little more smoothing of the transitions on a quarterly basis. Primary drivers were really the mix of business that the two companies had and what you see is a pronounced impact on the Fairchild side from the communications or handset market, which had the stronger patterns. So, right now, we're seeing things a little better than seasonality going into the fourth quarter and with the backlog patterns going into the first quarter for both companies, which basically says computing's down a bit, the handset's down a bit, automotive down a bit, and basically across all the markets, they're going to be down a little bit from Q3. There's really no strengthening in Q4 over Q3 market-wise. Q1 should see a strengthening in industrial and automotive, and the other markets should be approximately flat.
Keith D. Jackson: So primary difference in Q3 was not computing; it was actually the divestiture of the business we mentioned for the Ignition IGBTs and the Thyristor businesses. So that difference was basically made up the entire gap. On the computing side, our comments were we did start to see some inventory corrections through the computing side. I believe we see them a little earlier than others, but I think you're going to see that in Q4. But in general, there was not a big change Q3 over Q2 or Q4 over Q3 for our market, basically due to the increased Skylake content.
Keith D. Jackson: It's both. On the OpEx side, we're identifying continued opportunities as we understand the investment profiles in more detail and just getting rid of redundancies there. That's opened up some new doors for us. And on the COGS side, we now have enough data to do the analysis on insourcing and that should provide some earlier-than-expected opportunities in 2017.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. That's a little bit of why seasonality is a little better than normal. We've actually seen some pickups in our design platforms, both with the global providers and in China. And so we think there should be some good opportunities for strength in Q1, and I think that certainly is going to remain so at least through the early Chinese New Year this year.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I don't have precise numbers of ADAS because it's defined slightly different by each of the makers and whether it's class I through class V. And so, I don't really have access to precise data to give you there. What I can tell you is we're going to be up double digits in automotive in 2016 and the opportunity is there in 2017 as well, really on the backs of more adoption of more safety features.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. There won't be any consolidation savings in 2017. It takes us more than a year to actually realize those. What we're looking at next year is additional insourcing into the combined factory network, so basically less outside manufacturing. This will get us better factory utilization and frankly some much lower costs in some of ON's factories by moving them from the low 80s up further from there. So a lot of factory loading, mostly insourcing would be a primary driver. And then, secondarily, continued mix shift, which has been enhanced with the acquisition.
Keith D. Jackson: The product groups we specifically – are organized the way we did because we felt it would accelerate our synergies and by aligning similar businesses across the company. And so, basically that whole restructuring, I think, has really helped us get ahead of the synergy game.
Keith D. Jackson: I'll chime in. Bernard can give more details. But the answer is yes, we do expect upsides. We're not ready to give specific numbers at this point, but there's no question we will both accelerate, meaning bring them in in time and actually have identified more total numbers that we'll be able to deliver.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I think two areas were pretty exciting. One was industrial in the motor control and the higher voltage power control areas. They actually were very well established and so we're pretty excited there. Actually, I'd give you three areas. In handsets, the charging wall-to-battery products were very well designed into next-generation platforms. And then, lastly, the opportunity for EV and HEV vehicles with their silicon carbide products is well positioned as well. So those three areas, one in each of the three markets, we think, provides us a much stronger position.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Our model was to have approximately 20% of our business outsourced to help deal with cyclicality. It turns out the Fairchild business on the back ends, for example, was over 50% and so significantly in excess of our target. And we look at ON's cost structure specifically again in the back end and it's substantially better than any of the outsource opportunities. So really, Tristan, it's just truing us back up to that 80/20 model with 80% inside will get us most of the gains that we're after.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We had a very substantial double-digit growth in the automotive sector, which is the focus in that business. The slight declines year-on-year were all coming out of handsets in the consumer side, which again we mentioned at the time of purchase we wanted to de-emphasize those because they were quite low margin. And so, really, everything remains on track as we look at it another year long.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I think there's two things pretty strong in our favor there. One, we do think with our manufacturing network and the specific market focus we've got, that business just naturally can be in the high 30s, so 38%, 39%, which is really not 40% but it's very supportive directionally from where it was run by the two companies separately. On top of that, there are divestiture opportunities and I can't give any details on those, obviously, but there are some lower margin parts of that business we will be looking to spin out.
Keith D. Jackson: The majority of those synergies are redundant programs where we are both going after highly attractive new markets, and I'd say that accounts for most of it. The balance is in some, I don't want to call them skunkworks, but just some exploratory work that was going after some markets that we had not anticipated that do not look very attractive and some technologies that we don't think make any sense. So, it's really just odds and ends, but it added up to some reasonable numbers.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. So kind of two fronts. One on the assembly test side, across the board, we're looking at increasing utilization in those locations and we will be focusing capital expenditures to expand the factories for increased leverage on bringing things inside. From a wafer fab perspective, really we're looking at doing much more, including expanding Korea on the high-voltage and medium-voltage areas. So the discrete factories of Fairchild should be seeing significantly more loadings from design wins that are ramping now on the ON side.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. They are going well, and so we're quite pleased. Our expectations for next year are actually a little better than they were this year, but they should still average in that 1%, give or take, range per quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: It's – a little less than 40% is under contract. And of that, a little more than half of that total contract number is annual.
Keith D. Jackson: So we're running approximately the same 10 weeks we've been running. It went up a little bit with Fairchild, but not much. And so relatively good discipline on the acquired piece and I think very good discipline on the traditional ON side.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. Quantitatively, it's going to be difficult right now. It's still early. But qualitatively, those two markets are very sensitive to supply and supply disruptions, and I think we're looking like a very good alternative to some of the changes that are out there.
Rajvindra S. Gill: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. So just a housekeeping. So on the Q4 guidance, the Fairchild business implies something like $335 million revenue to get to the midpoint. And if I look at the organic business being down about 2%, it implies that it's up about 5% year-over-year. So I just want to make sure that those numbers are accurate.
Rajvindra S. Gill: Okay. Thank you. And in terms of the gross margin drivers next year – and you talked a little bit about that in your prepared remarks, but I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on the Fairchild business, how that will contribute to a higher gross margin either through fab consolidation or back-end test assembly consolidation. I was wondering if you could describe where you see some of the gross margin levers as you fold Fairchild in.
Rajvindra S. Gill: And last question from me and I'll hop back in the queue. In the press – earnings release, you have a restatement of the end markets going back to March of 2014, and there are some slight changes there in terms of the actual end markets and then you're kind of consolidating on a business unit split to those three categories. Wondering what was the reason for that and what was the changes that you see that occurred throughout the different products and end markets.
