Dan Janson: Good morning and thank you for dialing in to Fairchild Semiconductor's first quarter of 2010 financial results conference call. With me today is Mark Thompson, Fairchild's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Frey, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me begin by mentioning that we will be attending the Deutsche Bank One-on-One Conference on May 13th in San Francisco; Robert Baird Growth Stock Conference in Chicago on May 18th; and the Raymond James Investor Conference in Boston on June 10th, as well as other investor roadshow meetings during the quarter. We'll start today's call with Mark Frey, who will review our first quarter financial results and discuss the current status of second quarter business. Mark Thompson will then discuss our product line results, end markets and operational performance in more detail. Finally, we'll reserve time for questions and answers. This call is scheduled to last approximately 60 minutes and is being simultaneously webcast from the Investor Relations section of our Website at Fairchildsemi.com. The replay for this call will be publicly available for approximately 30 days. Fairchild management will be making forward-looking statements in this conference call. These statements, including all statements about future results and performance, are made based on assumptions and estimates that involve risk and uncertainty. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. A discussion of these risk factors is provided in the quarterly and annual reports we filed with the SEC. In addition, during this call, we may refer to adjusted or other financial measures that are not prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We use non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information about the operating performance of our businesses that should be considered by investors in conjunction with GAAP measures that we also provide. You can find a reconciliation of non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures at the Investor Relations section of our Website at investor.fairchildsemi.com. The Website also contains a 2010 Q1 fact sheet and a financial section with updated unaudited financial highlights, including detailed breakouts of segment, regional revenues, gross margins, EBIT and EBITDA. Now I'll turn the discussion over to Mark Frey.
Dan Janson: Thanks Mark. We will now open the call to questions. I would ask that in order to allow more of you to ask questions, we limit each person to one question and one follow-up. Thanks and let’s take the first question, please.
Dan Janson: Hi John, this is Dan. The only other thing I would add to what Mark just explained is that we are seeing, you know, a stronger consumer booking pattern now as we finished up the first quarter going into the second quarter, which is pretty common seasonally, but the consumer bookings, you know, point to a stronger consumer content going forward as well.
Dan Janson: Thank you Bill, and with that, that will conclude our call today. Thank you for your interest in Fairchild.
Mark Thompson: Ross, our capacity currently obviously supports our current revenue range and probably a little more. Again, as you point out, it’s dependent on mix. The few things that we are doing steadily across or currently and we will be doing across the year is the bottlenecking of selective capacity additions and some aggressive lean programs as well. So, we will – our target is obviously to get it some better than $400 million in the current quarter, and our current plans will be to improve that each quarter during the year, and exit the year with a number somewhere between $420 million and $430 million, which we think is roughly consistent with expectations for demand.
Mark Thompson: No, it’s all efficiency. Our estimates that we put out in the 6% to 7% range are what we are holding ourselves to it.
Mark Thompson: So, Terence, I think, so the way to look at the things that we are or I would like to call marginalizing typically will have more than three suppliers and they are typically standard products that easily cross each other. And so, where we see opportunities to use our factory capacity for good new products then we minimize those. You know, I am not sure the difference between having four players or six players in some of those markets really changes the dynamic materially. And so, if you look at standard logic for example, there haven’t been a lot of new entrants in standard logic as one of the ones that we have minimized somewhat during the current cycle. So, I think that there are a number of established players in those basis that can take us the capacity, but I am not sure it’s really – I don’t see a lot of new entrants, say moving in to take some of those. You know, there are certain categories or some small Asian players that are moving into some corners of standard products, but I don’t – it’s not a big trend that I can see.
Mark Thompson: Sure. So, Terence, the margin progression for both of those, we expect to be similar. So, right now as you point out, MCCC is moderately ahead of PCIA, and I would expect that to continue. That said, the performance of our PCIA units has been exceptional, and I don’t or I wouldn’t be surprised to see it post some very surprising and positive margin numbers in the not too distant future. The acquisition of System General was really a key aspect of getting much more advanced solutions out in the market, and we find ourselves in leadership positions in many aspects of power supply space, and those are at very attractive margins. So, I expect both of them to go up. I wouldn’t expect them to be separated by more than a few points at any given time. And odds are MCCC in front, but wouldn’t be surprised to see PCIA overtake them.
Mark Thompson: So, Romit, much more the second point than the first. I do think that as an operating principle, you never want to get too far ahead of the demand picture. The demand picture is very solid. There is no signs of cracks in it at all. And no matter how hard we scrub, we can’t see any slackening. That said, margin progression requires that we steadily displace the lower end with the higher end and constraining the factor environment is the best way to ensure that, that happens. And so, we made – the other thing I would add is that we have become increasingly focused over the years, focused on fewer part numbers, narrower but more capable product family, that frankly are both capital efficient. And so, that allows us to do that. Finally, we see a lot of opportunities at the factory level with those cleaner product families to drive a lot of re-initiatives, so what we call it, free capacity. So, we are also really challenging our manufacturing community who are stepping up nicely to give us that capacity without significant key additions. And so all those things net out to having the best interest of the company and therefore the shareholders to be in a constrained capital environment, while still being able to move the topline positively and significantly and disproportionately progress margins.
Mark Thompson: I think our lead times today are at least competitive. So, I don’t see that as a negative driver. I mean, I think the key thing is in the places where we are targeting leadership, we are not being lean on capacity. They just always get to go to the front of the line first, if we need more capacity. Again 6% to 7% is more than $100 million if you take, you know, just the consensus numbers for the company for the current year as an estimate. So, it’s a lot of capital and you can get a lot of capacity with $100 million.
Mark Thompson: So, I would say that the channel inventories are in control and will remain in control. I think that last quarter we commented that, you know, 8 weeks is a pretty good competitive level. We are reasonably satisfied with our service levels, and you know, expect to put a collar around 8 weeks. So, it might go up a little, it might go down a little, but we intend to keep it roughly where it is today.
Mark Thompson: Sure. So, I am not – I guess I am not knowledgeable enough to predict seasonality for the second half of the year. I think all I would say is that the, as I commented earlier, we see no or absolutely no signs of any mitigation of the current, very strong demand environment, and normally, you would see something in the form of changes in order patterns and maybe a little bit of follow-off in point of sales distribution. There’s lots of little signs that you see. There is absolutely no evidence of anything changing. So, currently, the outlook for the second half based on all the data that’s available to us is quite strong. Where will be – you know, where anybody else, we will all know more in a quarter right, what it would look like, but at this point, it looks very strong.
Mark Thompson: Yes, we are committed to keeping it at that level until we hit 20%.Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: And then just lastly, you talked, you have been talking a bit about new design wins in mobile and some of the other stuff, can you talk about specific devices that you are ramping into or the timing of when those hit, maybe who some of the top customers are, any other detail on the design wins driving new growth? Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, if you look at the mobile space, we have worked hard over the last, particularly three years to make sure that our customers represent all of the leading smartphone makers, and so we feel very good today that we are nicely distributed in that space. So, as share shifts as it inevitably does in such a fast moving market, we are probably as agnostic as is possible to be regarding that. If you look at the things that are driving there, there is a range of things. There is a lot of interplay between people’s design. So, when we do an advanced regulator for one leading handset maker, you discover that there is interest in it in other places. So, the key things that are driving growth there, on the interface side, there is expanding interest in the data interconnect, in audio, and video interconnect, on the power management side, there is LED lighting solutions, obviously that’s a very important part of the whole user experience. And then, discrete and in some cases, small PMU kinds of things, power management units that drive feature migration. So, that’s the family of products that’s expanding kind of both horizontally and vertically and are in all cases plugged into all the top smartphone companies.Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: One last one, sorry, on the fab closures that you guys still have planned at this point, can you just remind us how much savings is still ahead of us and I ask that within the context of depreciation is still kind of high and well above your cap expense. Thanks so much.
Mark Thompson: Tristan, certainly the labor situation in China in challenging for everyone. We were able to build what we plan to build in our China plan, and we didn’t see a lot of evidence that either our key suppliers or our customers were substantially impacted, but like many aspects of the supply chain currently, it’s in what I would describe as a hand-to-mouth environment.
Mark Thompson: I am not sure we expect it to change that much. If we look at the drivers, they remain roughly the same, you know, certainly expectations for computing are quite strong. I mean, Intel’s commentary obviously is a good indicator of that. All signs are that the third quarter will be very strong in smartphone space. So, we would expect that to remain vibrant. There is a lot of really interesting stuff going on in the industrial space from smart meters to all kinds of things that need high efficiency power supplies, all that’s growing nicely. And the reception of things like your power modules for the conversion from hydraulic power steering to electronic power steering is getting very broad acceptance. It’s an easy and cheap way to improve fuel economy. Those we see the acceptance growing on. So, the basic drivers have good legs, and the trends at this point look pretty solid as far as we consume.
Mark Thompson: So, Steve, first the Mountain Top, our plan of record is mid-2011 and that has not changed. If we look at utilization, we have been at target utilization in aggregate essentially since the fourth quarter. And so, we don’t see that changing, and so the progress across the year that you will see on the topline will be primarily driven by selective capital additions and by lean kind of activities where you get basically more output for a given level of utilization. And that’s really what would drive the year.
Mark Thompson: Sure, Steve. So, five quarters in a row, we have taken dollars in the channel down. So, that’s been the trend. So, there is, I don’t think a lot of opportunities to interpret anything I would categorize as replenishment in that trend. As I commented earlier, we are comfortable now with the level that’s out there we think a number in the 7.5 weeks to 8 weeks is pretty lean. And so, we are – what we need to do to maintain service levels, so we wouldn’t expect that to decline. So, again, we will match point of sales from this point on as we, as largely did this quarter, although slightly under short. And so, as POS in the event that it were to roll off at some point, then our shipments then would follow it down. As I commented earlier, we get no worse than weekly updates on that information. So, we can never be more than a few days disequilibrated from what the market is doing. And so, I think that we – potential for having too much inventory in the channel is pretty low.
Mark Thompson: So, there are places where there are specific shortages. I mean, some of the OFN type packages particularly the larger ones for computing are pretty constrained not only for us, but in the industry. That’s becoming less of a problem in the sense that we are aggressively moving to smaller footprint packages, which we have got enough capacity then to get enough capacity for. So, that’s one place where there is definitely some shortages.Kevin Cassidy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mark Thompson: So, there is not a good proportionate constraint front end to back. It’s product, if you look at the cross product to package type and die type, there isn’t an overwhelming pattern to it, which is more or less what you would expect for a very broad based strength and demand. So, it’s not say categorized in computing products, therefore you would say, well it’s low voltage MOSFETs and you know, QFN and SOE package types. And so, it does lend itself, so the solutions lends itself to the one that we are taking, which is a broad-based approach to steady the bottlenecking. And so, if you look at the numbers, if you take the 400ish number that we have offered for the current quarter, and the number that I offered that we expect to be able to get to by yearend, then the 420 to 430, those are – those support some pretty significant quarterly progressions in the ability to service the topline. And so, that’s one that’s better than historical growth both for the industry or segments if you look at that. So, I think the plan that we are executing are consistent with the probable demand environment. I guess that may be the simplest way to put it.
Mark Thompson: Yes. So, again I think the turns business is very low, I mean, large part, because people have booked in advance and so, I am not sure which is the chicken and which is the egg. But when people book a long time in advance, you don’t really have that much need for turns business and they don’t have that much need to place a short lead order. And so, that’s certainly the environment if I were to say for mid, let’s just say midyear for this quarter and the third quarter. That’s what the environment looks like.
Mark Thompson: I mean, I worry about everything I guess, but I don’t specifically worry about that more than anything else. If you look at the, sort of the underlying dynamics that I think is playing out and putting out in stage in PC right now is that I think everyone deferred purchase in particularly in the first half of 2009. And companies did, everybody did well. You know, we are all waiting to see what was going to happen before the economy. And so, there is the thing that I think often been tagged with replenishment isn’t in fact it’s deferred purchase. So, I think the strength in current markets is being driven by, if I use myself as a specific example, you know, my Dell, my notebook computer charge circuit stopped working, it wasn’t portable anymore, it was an old computer, four years old. I didn’t replace it until this year just because we were like everybody else in a highly off-gear mode in terms of spending money. So, I think that’s played inside of all corners of the global economy and I think it’s showing up now as the economies are more healthy. Certain expenses particularly in productivity tools, you know, can’t be deferred indefinitely and I think those are coming in, and so, I think that demand is realistically strong. I don’t think it’s going on shelf, I think it’s going out and it looks like it’s got real legs to it.
Mark Thompson: So, Bill, there is a couple of moving parts to that. So, if you look at the ASP trend that we share, if I just look at the immediate trend, the ASP trend from Q4 to Q1 was up. So, even though pricing on a part number basis is down a little bit to ASP results. So, we sold, made and sold more of higher priced parts. Now, if you look in the categories, if I were to look in analog for example, I will just give three specific examples. In analog, it’s exactly what you describe. If you go from a discrete regulator to a small PMU, you have got more features in that and it does more things and it has a higher price associated with it. If you look at the move from discrete solutions to integrated power modules, those have dramatic, as I commented, power modules for a refrigerator might be $4 or $5, and so that will show up as a single ASP at $4 or $5 as opposed to a Ruble [ph] of things or dime [ph]. If I got to MOSFETs for example, the thing that we are aggressively driving in the mobile space is we have got the smallest DC/DECREASE solutions in the world, so small in fact that we can sell them for less than our competitors and make higher margins than our competitors. So, if you actually look on a socket-to-socket basis, there you actually see the ASP going down. You know, if you go from a say, 5 by 6 package to a 3 by 3 package, the actual price of the 3 by 3 is less, but the cost is disproportionately less. So, the margin goes up. So, there is not a single conversion that you can look in that. You got to look at the product category, but those examples will describe the broad trends that are driving our results.
Mark Frey: You know, I think fall-through is less part of the formula and essentially mix is much more important, meaning we trade off capacity that we were using for lower margin products to use it for the new product ramps that are at higher margins. But I think 50% is consistent, I don’t think that, that actual observation will change.
Mark Frey: Romit, I will add that most of the companies we compete with have announced capital targets about the same as our own. 
Mark Frey: Sure. So, as we have previously commented, we have struck an important relationship with a leader in foundry services. That will begin to come online as in the form of customers actually buying products from that right at the end of the current quarter, and will begin to meaningfully impact the second half of the year.
Mark Frey: So, back to one of the earlier questions about capacity and capital, that is an important part of the ability to progress the year with a constrained capital budget.
Mark Frey: With the top and with normal depreciation falloff, you know, we are looking for another 550 basis points on just that for next year, towards the end of next year.Craig Berger – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
