Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Keith. Based on product booking trends, backlog levels and estimated turns levels, we anticipate that total ON Semiconductor revenue will be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.33 billion in the third quarter of 2020. Our third quarter revenue has been impacted moderately by geopolitical issues related to a particular customer. At this time, near to mid-term expectations related to this customer have been de-risked to a large extent and we don't expect to see any further meaningful decline in revenue from this customer beyond the third quarter. For third quarter of 2020, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin between 32% to 34%. Our third quarter gross margin outlook includes COVID-19-related costs of approximately $11 million. We expect total GAAP operating expenses of $307 million to $327 million. Our GAAP operating expenses include the amortization of intangibles, restructuring, asset impairments and other charges which are expected to be $30 million to $34 million. We expect total non-GAAP operating expenses of $277 million to $293 million in the third quarter. We anticipate third quarter of 2020 GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be an expense of $42 million to $45 million which includes a non-cash interest expense of $9 million to $10 million. We anticipate our non-GAAP net other income and expense including interest expense will be an expense of $33 million to $35 million. Net cash paid for income taxes in the third quarter of 2020 is expected to be $17 million to $22 million. For 2020, we expect cash paid for taxes to be in the range of $54 million to $60 million. We expect total capital expenditures of $80 million to $90 million in the third quarter of 2020. We're currently targeting an overwhelming proportion of our CapEx for enabling our 300-millimeter capability at an accelerated pace. For 2020, we expect total capital expenditures of approximately $400 million. We also expect share-based compensation of $17 million to $19 million in the third quarter of 2020, of which approximately $2 million is expected to be in the cost of goods sold, and the remaining amount is expected to be in operating expenses. This expense is included in our non-GAAP financial measures. Our GAAP diluted shares for the third quarter of 2020 is expected to be 460 million shares based on our current stock price. Our non-GAAP diluted share count for the third quarter of 2020 is expected to be 411 million shares based on our current stock price. Further details on share count and earnings per share calculations are provided regularly in our quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K respectively. With that, I would like to start the Q&A session. Thank you. And Jay, please open the line for questions.
Bernard Gutmann: Thank you, Ross. Let me first address the – the COVID-related expenses is a little bit difficult to predict exactly when those are going to go away. As we said, a lot of those are related to freight expenses which are at a premium right now as well as safety protocols that we have put in place. Obviously, it will be a function of how the COVID pandemic progresses over time, and we expect those gradually to come down, but we are projecting that those will continue during the third quarter. We have typically assessed the savings associated with a 6-inch fab to be in the $25 million to $30 million of fixed costs that go away per year. The timing of the savings is really a function of business dynamics, and we don't have a perfect timeline from the time we conclude a sale. It will still take us probably about 1 to 1.5 years until we get full savings, but that depends on really when we get these deals concluded. Long-term, we still are aspiring and still are targeting to achieve our long-term goal of 43% that we enumerated in our 2019 Analyst Day, albeit probably a little bit delayed with the fact that 2019 and 2020 were obviously not very good years from a top line point of view.
Bernard Gutmann: So, indeed, we did take some significant actions that helped us over-achieve our second quarter and third quarter guidance. In the long run, we're still targeting to achieve the 21% of OpEx as we have enumerated in our Analyst Day. However, we have to be aware that at some point of time, depending on business conditions, some of the temporary actions as well as some of the variable comp will come back and will cause a temporary blip that will be gradually leveraged through as we increase revenues.
Bernard Gutmann: So the first question on the long-term benefit of East Fishkill, definitely a 300-millimeter fab gives us a sizable good improvement in gross margin, somewhere in that 20% to 25% of total finished goods cost. Now obviously, that is when you have a fully-loaded fab. In the interim period, we are paying a foundry cost, so the savings that we get are simply a function of the price that we're getting. We do and are very excited about loading the fab. As Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're seeing wonderful yields as we're running it through, and we expect to have first revenues in the third quarter. However, meaningful revenues will come in the years to come. Now having said that, even the foundry costs that we're getting from them is quite attractive.
Bernard Gutmann: While we probably don't have a precise number. It is a relatively small facility compared to the total footprint. As I mentioned earlier, the savings that we'll get that from that facility is around $30 million per year.
Bernard Gutmann: So we attribute the impact mostly due to COVID and due to the underutilization that's driven by as a result of that. Long-term, we still are aiming and we are confident that we can achieve that long-term goal of 43%. We don't see any pricing issues as we go through. Pricing has been pretty healthy. I think that's it.
Bernard Gutmann: It is a significant portion of it that we are devoting and that should really give us the ability to ramp-up in a faster and more meaningful way.
Bernard Gutmann: Yeah. So I'll take that question before – so we are at the high end of our guide, so we're not really outside of our bounds. We also build the inventory in anticipation of a recovery, so that should help us to serve customers in the third and fourth quarter.
Bernard Gutmann: Well, we did accelerate and did that. So our guidance for the third quarter shows that we are continuing to be at the low point that we achieved in the second quarter. So for the most part, it's done.
Bernard Gutmann: So at this stage, on a prudent way, we'll still keep the share buyback program on hold. We're still prudent on that front. That will be for later on. The free cash flow, we talked about our CapEx being $80 million to $90 million for the third quarter and $400 million for the year, and the rest should come directly from the P&L. Don't expect any other significant disruptions in the free cash flow, so it should be mainly a result of the P&L minus the CapEx of $80 million to $90 million in the third quarter and $400 million for the year.
Bernard Gutmann: We expect distribution down and we expect to remain probably flattish in terms of inventory dollars in the third quarter but down in terms of days.
Keith D. Jackson: So we did continue to have supply constraints or pandemic-induced supply constraints in the second quarter that was reflected in the total numbers. They are much less in the third quarter and we're hopeful that there will be none before the end of the year. But at this stage, again, everything is still unknown if there's flare-ups or changes around the world; there's still risk.
Keith D. Jackson: They have indicated publicly their passive intent as a shareholder and had no further communication.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We had good linear pickup through the entire second quarter and we continue to see good activity here in the third. So at this stage, we don't know when they stop ramping. But so far, it's been quite strong since the middle of the second quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. In our comments, we mentioned we expected conditions to continue to improve. We really only give guidance one quarter at a time, but we see no reason to believe there should be any retraction of the current trends.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I guess we don't have any firm opinions on 2021 yet. But I would expect that if you don't have the shutdowns that we had in 2020, there's a very significant improvement year-on-year for next year. We're looking at something in the minus 20% in automotive sales decline year-on-year in 2020. Time will tell, but all of our customers are telling us they're pretty much back to full capacity sometime during the third quarter of this year.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Yes. Automotive LIDAR would be in the launches for vehicle OEMs in the second half of next year with the new launches they've got after the summer, and we do expect to see a significant contribution. On the EV side, with silicon carbide, our intent is to have both internal and external supply on an ongoing basis. This year and next year, it should be mostly external supplies and then as you transition to 2022 a larger percent of internal supply.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. It's a very large customer in China that is a broad-based customer and it impacted several of the segments.
Keith D. Jackson: So we actually are expecting to have success there. We've seen good progress with interest in our Belgium factory. And so these assets still have interest in the marketplace and we're expecting to have good results. Percentage of revenue, I'm not sure I have that number.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So I'll try and get at what I think your question is. We do foundry services for many customers that are generally specialty processes that use our analog and sensor capabilities. They're not temporary; they're permanent relationships that we have with those customers. We continue to be excited by servicing them. As far as looking at low-margin products to fill up factories, we're not looking at that. We don't think we need to look at that. We think the demands that we've talked about coming up for their power products, our sensor products will more than meet the needed amount of ramp over the next few years. So the trends in electric vehicles, in factory and automation, etcetera, we've been talking about, we think they're more than sufficient. And then with the closure of two of our wafer fabs, we believe the balance in the medium-term will be quite good.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We have no current plans. The outlook that we've got right now, we think the remaining network is appropriate. But as always, we will see what the future holds.
Keith D. Jackson: So yes, we're seeing good results there and I think I would give kind of two pieces of color. One, the infrastructure piece for the cloud continues to grow and we see very sharp growth there. We think there was certainly some COVID-related acceleration on the client side. We don't see that diminishing here this year. We think that continues with a lot of the remote learning and remote interactions that are going on, people continuing to upgrade various parts of their appliance systems. So I would say as we enter into the first quarter of next year, we still see a strong compute environment and should expect next year to be as good, if not better from a growth perspective.
Keith D. Jackson: Automotive, certainly, we've seen major interruptions as you know in the first part of the year with manufacturing. As I mentioned, our customers are telling us that they are full steam ahead here as they've gone into Q3. And in each of those major customers around the world, their efforts in electric vehicles are accelerating and their efforts from an ADAS perspective are accelerating. So we are expecting to see a return to the above-market growth for our products in automotive next year.
Keith D. Jackson: No. We're well-aligned with the various processor options for PCs and servers and very well-aligned with the model changes that they have in their portfolio. So we frankly think that it does change things for them, but from our perspective all of them still need power and we're well-positioned.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. On the Quantenna, we are not achieving the revenue growth we had hoped. Certainly, the market events have had an impact on that. We are quite excited about the progress we're making with our new combination products for the appliance market, and the teams there on the engineering side trying to drive a low-power combination product for that market are making great progress. So what we're seeing out there is good excitement for the future designs but less revenue than we had hoped for originally.
Keith D. Jackson: So we do see a lot of strong growth coming. It's been offset by our pulling back from some of the very low-margin consumer-like security business, security cameras for homes, etcetera. So that's masked some of the great growth, but we're seeing the adoption there in the industrial area, in the automation area and in the robotics area actually pretty exciting. So we are expecting double-digit growth for all of those portions of the market and of course in automotive to continue. So after seeing the COVID impact this year plus some retraction from some of the security business, I would expect to see that double digits returning in 2021.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. We are very concerned about some of the increasing tensions on global trade. Very much believe that global trade is essential for technology and the growth of semiconductors. So clearly, would not like to see further there. We don't comment on specific customers, but the answer is no. It's not zero our revenue expectations from China or those customers. But the pieces that look likely to be impacted we think have all been impacted at this stage.
Keith D. Jackson: Okay. Two separate questions there. On the 300-millimeter, the market's there. We're ramping up initially power products, so all of the server and automotive and industrial applications that we talk about growing are going to be filling that up with power products, and then that will be followed afterwards with more and more sensor and analog products. The CHIPS Act we think is an important part of balancing out the supply chain. For ON Semiconductor, we actually have several facilities already here in the US. And with the addition of East Fishkill, the vast majority of our wafers will be coming out of the United States.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. I'll start in reverse order. From the lead time orders and impact we're seeing there, clearly customers are using those lead times to place their orders. So we don't see any increase in long-term orders from a normal pattern; in fact, if anything a little bit less of that and more of the order as our lead times dictate. Relative to where we still see some softness, in general, as I mentioned, the handset business looks like it's going to be re-ramping later this year rather than earlier. And some of the business I mentioned earlier with security and industrial in China is a little bit softer than it was in Q2.
Keith D. Jackson: So yeah. We have ramps every year and the accelerate, I would say significant acceleration in 2022. But we're actually starting to ramp here at the end of this year, through all of next year, but I'd say the biggest impact is 2022.
Keith D. Jackson: So no change in basic philosophy. When the time is right and the opportunities are right, we certainly will be an interested party. But at this stage, there's no activity.
Keith D. Jackson: Those were mostly analog nodes for various mixed-signal products, and the markets for that were everything from automotive to consumer.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. And on the relationships, clearly value our customers and we're going to make sure that the transitions there do not impact them. We have a much larger 8-inch facility in Aizu, Japan. And so what we intend to do is use that for those customers in Japan that need that continuity of local supply.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. So my comment there is that during the third quarter, they should all reach full production. They weren't all full production from day one, so that's going to vary a bit by end customer. But like I said, they're all bullish of getting back to what they consider full production during the third quarter.
Keith D. Jackson: I'll try again. So they aren't full production for the entire quarter; they're achieving full production rates during the quarter. So they're still ramping I guess is the simple way to interpret that.
Keith D. Jackson: So I'm not postulating on revenues in Q4, but you should see continued improvement on the gross margin front as the expenses around COVID go down and we continue to get traction in our factories from Q2 levels.
Keith D. Jackson: Yeah. As I mentioned, the two trends on electrification and the ADAS, the safety side, continue to drive more dollar content for us. And as you pointed out, I think it's showing up in less declines than the marketplace overall as opposed to big gains. So hopefully as the market turns around, you'll see those turn into big gains. But it really is electric power in the EV side and all of the ADAS applications starting to grow that continues to drive those trends.
Keith D. Jackson: We're still seeing the predominance of the lower-cost vehicles go IGBT and the high-end vehicles going to silicon carbide is the trend that we're seeing, a very definite bifurcation going on there, and that is geography-independent. So we think there will be good growth in both sectors going forward.
Keith D. Jackson: So I'll start with the end of that. We're not expecting any additional issues there. We think that the new rule is kind of at a pause for a bit, so I'm not expecting any further impacts or surprises on that number. I don't know that we've got a number we're prepared to handle because it is a specific customer and we don't share that type of information.
