Thad Trent: Yes. Let me start with the second part of your question there on the exit. We’ve exited $170 million in 2021. So as we look into ‘22, we think we will exit more of that in the second half of the year just based on the environment that we see today. So we think there is another piece. But as we said, this exit will take 3 years plus to get out completely of that entire 10% to 15% that we said we exit. But we really think it’s back-end loaded.
Thad Trent: Yes, Chris, this is Thad. There is a number of elements in there, and you kind of hit on it. So we are expecting additional input costs going up. We have been successful in passing those on to the customers, but we do expect that happening. And as Hassane said in the previous response, we pulled in a lot of the acceleration of the gross margin initiatives. We think there is more here. I think our biggest challenge is we’ve gotten a lot of operational efficiencies here. And can we just get more throughput out of our manufacturing footprint? But we do see improvement. If you look at the guidance that I put out for the year, you see improvement through the year. And obviously, with our long-term model of the 48 to 50, we don’t think we’re done.
Thad Trent: Yes. So we take ownership in early ‘23. At that time, we have been running production in there. We will continue to increase production in there. And then there is a period of time where we continue to ramp up and GLOBALFOUNDRIES ramps down. So during that time, there is a little bit of a headwind as we’re providing some foundry services to global foundries until we ramp up. So you can think about a little bit of a headwind for a couple of years there, but there is an orderly transition between the two of them. So that is all baked into our long-term plan as well, and long-term model.
Thad Trent: Yes, Toshi, we don’t guide for the full year. I’ll give you a little bit of a framework to work on, though. One of the previous calls or answers questions was around the exit in of the business that I said would be back-half loaded. I think when we look at the full year, taking that into consideration, we’re probably growing around market, maybe slightly above.
Thad Trent: Yes, it is today. Last quarter, we talked about the $100 million that we exited at 15%, now that’s up to $170 million at a combined gross margin of 20%. So if you think about that incremental $70 million, it’s about a 25% gross margin today. So the next piece that we’re going to walk away from is in that range is slightly higher, but the challenge is when the market comes back, that’s the margin that’s going to drop fast if we continue maintain that. So as we exit that, we will swap that out for more accretive margins. But today, yes, it’s slightly ahead of or slightly above that 25% that I just talked about.
Thad Trent: Yes. So in our prepared remarks, we really kind of broke it down into favorable mix, pricing and manufacturing optimization in terms of just getting more out and increasing our capacity to reduce our manufacturing costs. That’s really the Pareto, if you think about the sequence of what is driving the gross margin improvement. And that’s what we continue to see as we go forward. We think the favorable mix, as we swap out of this low-margin, non-core business, we focus more on auto and industrial which drives a higher gross margin. That’s the primary driver of gross margin expansion. And then obviously, the manufacturing footprint going forward will be the next piece.
Thad Trent: Yes. Just to be clear, so in the short-term, the silicon carbide ramp is dilutive to margins because we have the start-up costs. But over the long-term, it is accretive to our corporate average.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, we won’t – this is Thad. We won’t see the benefit until we fully exit the fab. So as I have said, it will take 1 year to 3 years. When we are totally out of that fab, you can think about $25 million of annualized fixed cost coming off the company. In the short-term, when the buyer takes over that fab will basically paying the equivalent cost of what we have today. But as we exit, you will see a benefit over that timeframe - over that time period.
Thad Trent: Yes. So today, we think about normalized level has kind of been in that six-week to seven-week range given the supply constraints. As you know, we are holding inventory on our balance sheet rather than shipping into the channel. We are making sure that inventory is going to our strategic customers, and we are allocating it appropriately, whether it’s through the channel or whether it’s direct. By holding that inventory, we can control where it goes. So, in the short-term, I think we popped up to 7.3% from 6.8%. I think that’s kind of the normal range of what we are going to be looking at probably for the remainder of this year. I think when you look further out there, we are probably looking something around 10 weeks, plus or minus I think is what we will be doing. I mean obviously, we have got to see where this market kind of shakes out and when we would do that. But I think for the foreseeable future, it’s six weeks to seven weeks.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, we – revenue was up 6%. Units were up 5.7%. You are right. So, the top end revenue came from additional units being shipped primarily and then obviously a mix shift in the higher margins. So, when you think about the gross margin improvement sequentially, it is more shift into – the more favorable shift into the strategic markets. We did get operational efficiencies, which is reducing our manufacturing cost as well. And then as I said, there was a slight pricing increase as well as that we are seeing kind of in the market as we are passing on additional cost to our customers that we have been seeing.
Thad Trent: The lead times are very consistent. They are right around 45 weeks plus or minus, consistent with what we have seen in the past couple of quarters, so, no major change on that. Backlog continues to be very strong. It’s outpacing supply. This is purely a supply game right now in terms of just catching up with demand.
Thad Trent: Yes. Harlan, it’s Thad. That number is still the targeted number that we are going after. As I have said earlier, Belgium is roughly about $25 million of that fixed cost. So, you can see we have got a lot ahead of us. We are not done with the fab divestitures. We laid out that plan, that fab lighter plan at Analyst Day, and we are still executing to that plan.
Thad Trent: Yes. The inventory in the channel went up to 7.3 weeks from 6.8 weeks in Q3. It was purely a result of timing of shipments late in the quarter in Q4. Sell-through in the channel remains very robust. It’s not necessarily that it has cranked up here in Q1. It was just purely a timing of delivery and when we got supply and be able to get into the channel. So, it’s already returned back into that 6.8 weeks level. And as I was saying earlier, we think going forward, we will maintain kind of six weeks to seven weeks range for the foreseeable future.
Thad Trent: The vast majority of it is going to silicon carbide and to CapEx for East Fishkill, the 300-millimeter fab build-out. There is the rest of it I would consider more maintenance CapEx.
Thad Trent: Yes. Raji, just let me expand on that a little bit as well. The 37% has got some very favorable gross margin in there. It’s not like it’s all low gross margin. So, as we fast forward and we get 75% of our business in auto and industrial, the other 25% is other, it’s still a favorable margin, right. It’s not low margin business. That’s the part that we are exiting. But Hassane is right. As we flex more into auto-industrial, that will be more accretive. And obviously, the 5G will be accretive as well. But there is good high gross margin in our other bucket as well.
Thad Trent: Yes. So today, we – internally, we manufacture roughly 65% of our own product. As we fast forward, we bring on East Fishkill, the 300-millimeter fab, we have said that we have the capabilities of expanding capacity by 1.3x what it was today. Now, we have the option there as we add capacity and add CapEx to be able to support that. But as we look further out, that model doesn’t change. We still believe we will manufacture 65% of our own product in-house because we will get a cost benefit of it. It’s really just exiting those subscale fabs, moving it into more efficient fabs. And obviously, the 300-millimeter fab is a component of that.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane. Look, we had a plan. The plan happened faster than we thought. Obviously, our plan was tied to a lot of the operational efficiencies and the self-help that we’ve done. We were able to pull in a lot of it given the demand environment. We were able to much faster shift to our strategic products. As you saw, auto and industrial, which for us drive a higher margin as part of the mix shift have grown sequentially and for the year and outpaced the growth of the other markets that we are walking away from to have that capacity to be able to allocate to our strategic markets. And of course, we’ve been on a trajectory of bridging the price-to-value discrepancies. So we’ve been able to close a lot of that, mostly to offset our rise in costs. So all of these have been part of the plan, but the macro allowed us to accelerate them. Because of the demand environment, we are able to walk away from business and move the capacity to a better mix shift aligned with our stated strategy. So that’s what accelerated. It’s not about conservative. It’s about the unknown and the disruptions that we’ve been seeing in 2021, but the team pulled together, whether it’s from improved yield that drove more units. All of these are sustainable because the mix shift is not related to a market. All markets are up, but we are choosing what to support aligned with our long-term supply agreements and those extend beyond the next few years, and that gives us the visibility and the sustainability of those results.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, the delta is pretty straightforward. The delta between units shipped in automotive and semiconductor is purely based on the mix that our customers are building. When we’ve been throughout 2021 in a supply constraint, we remain in that same supply constraint in – through 2022 into 2023. So therefore, our customers are doing kind of what we’re doing. They are moving production to their strategic and high-value product line, which for semiconductor translate into more content. When you have premium vehicles being built, they historically and even today, have much higher content to the level of 2 to 3x more content of semiconductors per vehicle. That’s what you see the discrepancy between the two. That’s a healthy discrepancy because I’ve always talked about content being the biggest driver for us regardless of what the SAAR does. 2021 is exactly that. Now you can talk about what the long-term implications of this. I don’t see that being any different. We’ve always guided automotive being much higher than SAAR and that’s related because electrification is happening. You’ve seen those announcements from a lot of the OEMs, where they are doubling down on EVs. That drives much higher content for us in the future than even it is today. Safety. I talked about more and more sensing going into vehicles, and that drives a lot of our cross-selling as well between our sensing and our PMIC. So, all of these are driving a higher growth of semiconductor than your unit growth was SAAR. So it’s very reasonable of what the results are this year and what we’re looking at for 2022. So I don’t see that as just a short-term thing because the macro trends extend beyond the next 3 years.
Hassane El-Khoury: So let me just – I want to highlight some difference between what I talk about and what some of my peers talk about. I don’t talk about funnel or pipeline. I’m talking about committed revenue, which is the output of the funnel fully yielded. Committed revenue is what I labeled it. That is more certain and more visibility than the game of big numbers of funnel disclosures. I don’t disclose funnel or pipeline or whatever we want to label it. So the comments on the numbers, the big numbers I gave are committed revenue under LTSAs that we are building our supply chain in order to service starting – we exited 2021, and I said we’re going to be more than doubling in 2022. That’s where the committed revenue comes in. Now as far as what that’s going to look like in the industry, look, there is a lot of demand out there, a lot of investments from our customers going into the silicon carbide for electric vehicles. Is it going to be six players or so? I don’t know. I know we’re going to be in the top based on our investments and based on the results of our technology performance on efficiency, but also more importantly, the supply assurance that we’re able to give our customers. When you want to double the revenue and your flagship customers are depending on you having supply assurance and controlling rolls all the way to wafers is a competitive advantage. And not a lot can claim that. And I’m happy that we have closed the GTAT and we’re performing very well. We’re going to be expanding the GTAT capability throughout 2022 in order to support those committed revenues that I mentioned.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, this is Hassane. The answer is yes. We are seeing an uptick. Obviously, the LTSA is a long-term supply agreement that I mentioned, focusing on silicon carbide. We do have long-term supply agreements for IGBT. Those are net increases from our baseline. Therefore, I would consider those share gains away from some of our peers that have dominated that market. So we do see the uptick in both in our LTSAs. So you can think about it as ramping as well over the next few years into those LTSAs.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, there have been surprises. I would say the surprises are on the positive side. If you recall back in my first earnings, I was very bullish on the company’s capabilities on silicon carbide, which I called a favorable surprise walking in the door. That remains. And I would say the positive surprise is, number one, our capabilities into quickly getting to the 200-millimeter with the GTAT acquisition, closing the GTAT acquisition and solidifying our baseline as a pull on silicon carbide providers to our customers. And more importantly, a very competitive road map, not just at what we’re providing today, but the customers’ reaction to our roadmap conversations that we’ve had for the next 5 years or so. All of these have been very favorable that gets me very bullish about our silicon carbide. And that’s the reason in all honesty, our strategy is to double down on it, both from a technology development side. And you heard me talk about the aggressive ramp that we’ve – we’re doing in 2022 in order to support that doubling every year of our silicon carbide revenue starting with the quadrupling of the GTAT capabilities exiting 2022. All of these are, I would say, positive developments. This is where our investment is coming in, and I remain very bullish on our capabilities and the outlook of our silicon carbide business.
Hassane El-Khoury: We’re talking about. You can think about it over the long-term, about 2x of the industry given the content gains that we’re getting, but also being over the next few years moving more and more towards the mega trends that are driving the content like EVs and ADAS. All of these are going to drive our 2x market growth over the longer term as we exit some of those businesses that we – that Thad just talked about. But more importantly, it’s not just the EV. There is a lot more also investment in content growth in the alternative energy business, where I talked about we are seeing 50% growth in ‘22. That’s going to remain over a multiyear period. All of those are net revenue increases for us because they are new markets. So that’s going to keep fueling that growth. So you can see it both on the automotive and industrial and of course, the cloud business where that investment is going to keep going. So, all of these are going to fuel our growth because of our exposure to those megatrends.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So we’re – I’m not guiding the silicon carbide in ‘22 other than saying it’s going to more than double from the 2021 as we ramp the existing customers we have in 2021 plus layering on top of that, the LTSAs that start in 2022 and go through 2024. So we have a multiyear visibility on our silicon carbide LTSAs that will get us to exiting ‘23 with the $1 billion run rate. That foundation is ramping. We have started ramping. We will be ramping in the – heavily in the second half of ‘22 and that’s for the full year. It will be more than 2x what it was in 2021. For margin profile, obviously, that margin profile as we ramp into our CapEx expansion is going to be accretive. Today obviously  our margin profile and our margin guide is fully loaded, meaning it includes all of our start-up costs for silicon carbide. So that gives you kind of the accretive nature of our silicon carbide over a long time.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, our intent to have a majority of our demand supported by our internal capability. Obviously, we are also partner – we have outside sources that we are able to flex capacity during bumps in ramp. But if you think about the quadrupling of our output from GTAT by the end of ‘22, you can think about it as putting that infrastructure for the supply over the next few years. I talked about more than doubling in ‘22. We are going to double again from that by – in ‘23. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks this quarter and last quarter, that’s what’s going to be supported by the GTAT. But today, we do have still a mix. But our – as we ramp up the GTAT capability and really the capacity expansion I talked about is moving more and more of our substrate internal.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So, if you look at – 2022 is going to be majority of a mix shift. Most of the price or cost increases that we are incurring, we are absorbing through yield improvement or operational efficiencies. So, that’s going to be minimal. But the primary driver is going to be a mix shift based on really the new baseline that we have achieved exiting Q4, that new mix shift is going to keep and maintain the margin profile that we have on our product. And of course, it’s going to keep sustaining based on that mix shift we are going to be shipping – given the profile we know already in 2022 being fully booked. So, that on the gross margin. The value – price-to-value discrepancies we have seen a couple of points I will make. In the strategic markets that is sustainable. That’s a new – that’s the value of our products that we have in the baseline today. The only I guess, pricing actions that will not be sustainable is in that non-core business that Thad talked about that we will be exiting as the supply comes online from some of our peers. We are not going to chase that price down. Today, it’s more favorable than it has been historically, still dilutive, but more favorable. But we don’t plan on maintaining that business. We will be exiting that. So, that price – that portion of that business where price, I don’t see that as being sustainable is not going to be a drag on margin because we plan on exiting, and that’s all part of the guide that Thad talked about. Everything that remains with our profile and our mix shift is what I would call sustainable profile. And that’s where we expect our forward-looking mix to be.
Hassane El-Khoury: And I think about it, the auto and industrial where – that was the recipient of the mix shift that we have from the non-core, the business that we exited, that also drives just a higher ASP also just because of the market mix, and that’s why we favor those markets from a strategy perspective. So, it’s the unit at a higher ASP.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, we – I have always said that nobody wins because you have material. Nobody wins because you have supply assurance, which makes everybody comfortable and competitive advantages. But what you win is the efficiency of your products. That’s how customers look at it. Nobody is going to take an inferior product for a flagship EV that they are ramping just because you have supply. But they will select the supplier which they have selected us because of our product performance, our roadmap, and they will get more comfortable and more bullish just like I am when we have the supply assurance to support their ramp. That’s what’s going to be kind of the landscape moving forward. So, having our supply and assurance of supply and really controlling our fate with the substrate through the GTAT acquisition that we closed gives us that baseline that we are able to ramp from, but we remain winning based on efficiency of our products and the aggressiveness of our roadmap.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I am not giving percent covered in LTSA. I can tell you in 2022, we are sold out. We are fully booked. Anything incremental we get is going to come from efficiencies that we get through the year in units that we are able to ship. So, 2022 kind of – that’s how you can think about it. 2023 are LTSAs that I keep referring to extend through 2024. Our focus on LTSA is on strategic. And obviously, there is always that the net loss that we are talking about, the 10% to 15% that we are – obviously, that’s not under LTSA. We are going to be replacing that with an aggressive new product ramp. So, I am not talking about percent under LTSAs, but I can tell you, the visibility is higher than it’s ever been in the company. And it doesn’t – it extends much beyond 2022.
Hassane El-Khoury: No. Look, I will answer the second part because that’s an important pillar of the strategy. The answer is we are not going to chase after it because think about it this way. If there is a market downturn, that business is highly dilutive. I mean you can think about the 15% to 25% margin today, that’s in a favorable pricing environment. So, you can imagine in a down market, that revenue or that margin is way worse than it is now at that 20%. So, the answer is we are not going to chase after it. Strategically, we are walking away from it regardless of what the market does. What we are doing in the meantime to make sure that our – is our manufacturing optimization is as we are exiting those, we are resizing our manufacturing footprint in order to prevent under-loading that historically has plagued the company. So, that’s going to give us that sustainable margin that we are delivering. So, even in a downturn, we are not going to get the drag from gross margin because of mix. We are going to be in a favorable mix regardless of what the market does from a margin perspective. And we are working on our manufacturing optimization, like I talked about with the Belgium fab and then ramping up the East Fishkill where we have scaled fab through our fab lighter strategy in order to sustain that and prevent under-loading. So, we are not going to run after bad business no matter what the market does. That’s strategically our direction.
Hassane El-Khoury: So, I will answer, if I understood the question correctly. The LTSAs are committed both volume and pricing that gives us the visibility and they are committed on mix. So, it’s not a blanket LTSA of some revenue number. It is associated to a mix because that’s what we are using in order to decide on where to expand our capacity, which is purely on our strategic products. What we don’t want is just the blanket capacity expansion in good or bad days. So, we are focusing our capacity expansion on where the LTSAs are. And again, the LTSAs goes down in volume, price and mix. It’s the best visibility we have. And like I said, extend over a multiyear period because capacity we are putting in today is really impacting ‘23 and ‘24, ‘22 is kind of – it is what it is. And that’s why I say it’s fully committed year as far as mix and volume, plus some of the efficiencies that I talked about will get throughout the year.
Hassane El-Khoury: And just to clarify my comment that anything now is for 2023 is more on CapEx, not on really supply and demand perspective, meaning installing CapEx through ‘22 will really impact your capacity expansion in ‘23.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, we are – so you are absolutely right. It’s not – this is purely a supply-constrained environment for the sensing given the higher percent of external manufacturing. So, we remain focused on working with our outside foundry partners. We were able to get more supply in the fourth quarter. That’s what drove kind of the results, and we are working continuously in order to secure more and more supply for 2022. So, that’s kind of where that business comes in, you are right, it’s not a demand, it’s more of a supply. And our focus about the mix, internal and external remains on track.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. We stated in our Analyst Day that we expect over the next 5 years, auto-industrial to become about 75% of our total revenue. So, we are at 63%. So, that gives you kind of our trajectory, because it’s also tied to our margin expansion as we move forward towards that 75%. Obviously, the mix or margin profile is more favorable from these markets because that’s part of the trajectory that we have getting to that 48% to 50% is by being more and more exposed to the markets. But more importantly, it’s the new products that we are ramping that are better margin profile. So, it’s a mix shift for our products, new products versus the, call it, the run rate products and a mix shift to end markets, auto and industrial, becoming 75% at the expense of other markets that historically have had lower margin profile. So net-net, you get the margin expansion and the growth that we talked about. Now, I just want to highlight one thing. In the other bucket, other than auto-industrial, we do have a growth segment with favorable margin, and that’s our cloud and 5G power play for that market. That market, we talked about, it’s growing at 11% in our Analyst Day. So, we see that also as a favorable mix from both product and market that drive an expansion of margin beyond where we are today. So, these are kind of the three big components you can think about driving the growth for the company moving forward and the remaining margin expansion that Thad talked about.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I once again thank our worldwide teams for their hard work in accelerating our transformation and driving outstanding results over the last year. With the transformation of our business, we have built a strong engine to power our growth for many years to come. We have established leadership in the fastest-growing semiconductor markets such as vehicle electrification and ADAS, and we are enabling disruption in energy infrastructure and factory automation. We are driving growth while accelerating profitability and rapidly expanding margins. We expect to sustain this momentum with the ongoing transformational changes to our cost structure and the impending ramp of our EV business. Thank you.
