Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I mean, I'll comment on the automotive and industrial, which is where our highest exposure is, we don't see any changes in the demand environment or even the outlook as far as demand versus supply, like that said, at least through 2023. We have the engagements that we've been talking about with long-term supply agreements that we've engaged went through 2021 and even in the first quarter of 2022, that extend beyond 2023 into some of the 2024, 2025. And right now, we are in a path to extend most of these long-term supply agreements beyond the original time frame that we've had of 2024 average. So, the fact that customers are still focusing on the supply based on a very highly credible demand and their willingness to sign up for long-term supply agreements beyond 2024 and 2025 sometimes gives us that visibility and comfort of the sustainability of the demand. And just remember, our biggest exposure, and it keeps increasing, as we mentioned in Analyst Day on the auto and industrial, are driven by the megatrends that I talked about. EVs are going to happen, whether they are -- they get to 50% of total demand in 2028 or 2026 or 2027 is irrelevant, it's still fundamentally growing as a percent of total SAAR. That's the content that's driving our growth, and that's the exposure we have where customers are highly confident of their outlook and willing to sign up for it.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. This is Hassane. Yes, I would say there's no change as far as the main versus supply to date. We don't see that changing materially over the next few quarters; call it, for the remainder of 2022. We do have some manufacturing efficiencies and some supply coming online from investments we've done in 2021, but not to the level to meet demand. So we'll still be supply constrained through 2022 and even with the outlook we have for 2023.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, sure. So from -- for the first part of the question, I'm not breaking up the -- breaking out the silicon carbide. I'm just giving the ramp rates and those ramp rates, just to remind everybody we're expecting to more than double our revenue this year and puts us on track for the $1 billion run rate in 2023. Those are kind of the high growth. And all of this, again, to put it in perspective, are all committed revenue and long-term supply agreements. So right now, we're building capacity to service that demand that we already have as committed revenue from -- across a wide variety of geographies and customers. From the differentiation, you mentioned the two kind of -- the two ways of coming at it. And where onsemi sits is actually the sweet spot in the middle, where we are able to support our customers with our substrate, the vertical integration and support our customers with the know-how that we've built over multiple decades of device and more importantly, packaging. So the ability to have substrate from supply assurance, the know-how for device, design all the way to packaging in order to get the best solution to fit the customer need is why we win and why our customers have been awarding us a lot of that business that we've been talking about over the last few quarters and more to come. But our focus right now is ramping up our supply chain, ramping up our silicon carbide substrate through the GTAT, as I mentioned. We have a heavy ramp coming, but our focus is on our LTSA commitments to our customers, and we continue to win this quarter and some of our funnel as it keeps converting to committed revenue.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, sure. I mean, look, I'll reiterate the committed revenue number of $2.6 billion. Obviously, we have a lot of design in the offer that I'll be hoping to talk about over the next few quarters to '22 as we close these out. But from a – at a high level, the highest percent of that revenue is coming from traction just because of the TAM. EV is the biggest TAM for silicon carbide. So therefore, our biggest – I would say, 80% or so, $2 billion of that is in automotive traction. The rest of the $2.6 billion that I talked about is in nonautomotive traction. So, think about it as the industrial side of alternative energy or infrastructure that I talked about, that has been ramping.  I talked about being 50% growth in 2022 from 2021 last quarter, we closed the first quarter at 65% growth. So, we're growing that business nicely outside of just the automotive and that's very broad across geographies and very broad across customers. And more importantly, we are engaged with the top 10, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. This is Hassane. We don't see that. We -- I include demand across whether it's direct or through distribution, just to make point. Even our distribution customers, we have direct contact with them. So we have a quick touch point on the demand. We see that across the board at this point, as Thad mentioned. We're holding inventory and maintaining the distribution inventory at a historically low level in order to maintain that visibility and be able to service the demand that we need for all of our customers. So when we make comments about demand, we include direct and distribution demand in that, and all of them are within the commentary that we set highly constrained and supply is not yet meeting the demand through 2023.
Hassane El-Khoury: So, to a first order, the answer is yes. Our guide is driven by auto and industrial, more led by automotive in the second quarter, as we see more of the strength. And really, the ramps for some of our customers under the LTSAs that we talked about. So it will be about the same growth, but led by automotive.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, it's all of the above that you mentioned. So first off, it is all led by the price-to-value discrepancies that I keep talking about, where we are recalibrating our complete demand across the value of our products. When we do that and as we mix -- we shift more to auto and industrial, which drive higher ASP and higher margin, that gives us that sustainable margin expansion that we've been seeing. So all of these are, both increase in the value of our products and a mix shift more to these increases. That's one. Two, we do have net price increases that we've talked about, that $200 million that we've exited so far or the $32 million we exited with 22% margin this quarter, that is in a favorable pricing environment. So, there is pricing increases included in that, but that's not sustainable. As we talked about, we lost that revenue. We expect another about $300 million in 2022 at dilutive margin. So, when we exit that business, our margin will have more of an expansion because of it. But that was a net price increase because we're pricing ourselves out of that market. So, that's the two buckets you can take a look at it. One is the sustainable bucket that we see forward looking and longer term and the shorter-term bucket that was net increase from where we were historically, still dilutive, but not sustainable and that will be exited throughout this year and a little bit next year.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. I guess the biggest vote of confidence that I the first building is already full and outputting exactly what we expected it to. And I mentioned that in my prepared remarks as far as yield and capacity or how many millimeters of substrate factory does output. So, we're on track with all of those metrics. And right now, it's no longer about the engineering side or the development. It's more about the manufacturing expansion. We've secured another site. We are on track to quadrupling our output exiting 2022 as far as, again, the number of furnaces that translate into millimeter height of substrates. High confidence, I guess, in summary, very high confidence. Our CapEx is going there. We're already generating revenue based on that material. So, all in all, I'm very bullish about the prospect and we're pushing forward supporting -- in order to support our LTSA. So that would be what I would say.
Hassane El-Khoury: Sure. That's a very good question. And obviously, I can't comment on what my competitors will do in an environment today or later, especially on pricing and so on. The only thing I can't control is what our view of the market is and our view of the pricing environment is. So I'll focus my answer on that. We view this as sustainable because it's driven by value. But I will remind everybody the portion that we acknowledge is not sustainable, is on the non-core that we plan on exiting and we price ourselves out of the market. So what does that mean? In the future where demand and supply starts to come in balance, we're not going to chase that down. Our competitors may end up hashing it out amongst themselves, but you were not going to see onsemi engaging in a pricing down to keep market share. That's not what our company is about. We're going to focus on the value. Our products today that we're focusing on are strategic and our growth are based on value we provide to customers, that pricing is stable. I don't see it going anywhere else. And for the rest of the market, let them hash it out, but we're not going to chase it down.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yeah. Look, I didn't break it up specifically as far as growth. But the design win that is fueling that growth was about 33% year-over-year. This is new designs and replacing incumbents, further supporting our 11%. So the 11% we talked about, you're absolutely right. We do have growth in that other segment and that's driven by the cloud, which is key for us from a growth and margin expansion business. Our design wins, our revenue today supports a comfortable 11% growth over the next five years.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, so it's primarily the supply disruption overall. Think about logistics, think about getting material in and out of factories and so on. So we're able to mitigate some of that by rerouting, but the lack of mobility is what is hard to judge. I don't know what commentary you're referring to on the image sensor. I can't comment on that because that did not come from – from onsemi source. I don't see any specific product impacted versus just, like I said, the logistics that everybody has been commenting about. That's really their present on the ground. And like we talked about, we do see that. We put it into our guide already. So depending on how that loosens up, we'll talk about it in the second quarter.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, a lot of the growth in our strategic core is driven by units that we talk about the content because a lot of the price-to-value discrepancy that we talked about, that was implemented primarily in 2021. So a lot of the growth moving forward is a lot of it is content. But overall, units will be down because a lot of the exits that we've done is low ASP, low margin, high volume. So we focus our unit to where our strategic focus has been, and that's been increasing, and I mentioned that in my prepared remarks, driven a lot by the content, not just per car, from apples-to-apples, car to car, where there's more content, whether it's imaging or power, but also as we shift more into EVs that have much more content. So from that perspective, it's driven by units. The ASP is in the baseline to a first order. And as we ship more of the auto and industrial, we're going to benefit from the ASP reset that we've done in throughout 2021, which calls it, in my view sustainable as we move forward.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Yes, that's a good. So we are getting obviously some increases from foundry and some reducing bottlenecks internally in our manufacturing. But like I said, not enough to catch up to the demand. So, if I answer the question directly, we do see increase in supply through '22 and even '23. But based on where the demand is, it's not going to get into balance. And that's where I keep talking about the supply constraint because it's the supply and demand side.  Both of them increase, demand has increased at a faster rate, which keeps us a little bit behind because it takes 18 to 24 months to add capacity these days with all of the lead times and everything. Demand has been increasing. So, net-net, we're not catching up. But we have been making investments in our CapEx, but very specifically on technologies.  For example, we're not adding CapEx just across the board to increase capacity for noncore products, although that demand is still high because we plan on exiting. We're focusing our CapEx investments on EFK, on silicon carbide on some of the mixed signal analog that all drive growth and accretive margins. But net-net, we don't see us catching up.
Hassane El-Khoury: And long term, I'll confirm our -- what that will do for us long term are as we exit those other fabs that we've announced already and ramp East Fishkill up, fixed costs will be better overall, like the numbers that Thad talked about for Belgium and our North America fab. But net-net, capacity will increase about to 1.3x when we have the 300-millimeter on and we exit the low-scale fabs. So net-net, we see our increase from capacity, reduced fixed costs, which gets us the growth that we'll be looking for in a much better fab-lighter footprint.
Hassane El-Khoury: Look, there is -- of course, as GLOBALFOUNDRIES exits over the last three years, we have a lot of headroom to go for 300-millimeter capacity within that facility. And over the next five years, as we look at the outlook and where we can do, then we'll address our need for additional manufacturing event.
Hassane El-Khoury: Thank you all for joining us today. I thank our worldwide teams for their hard work in accelerating our transformation and driving record results once again, with leadership in intelligent power and sensing solutions and exposure to fast-growing megatrends, such as vehicle electrification, ADAS, energy infrastructure and factory automation, we are well positioned to deliver sustained and profitable long-term revenue growth and margin expansion. Thank you.
Thad Trent: Yes. Ross, it's Thad. Look, as I said in our prepared remarks, we're really confident with the floor, especially where we are today with the margin today. We believe the floor is definitely with the fore handle. If I kind of think about the impact to gross margin, we saw a favorable mix this quarter. We saw favorable pricing ahead of the input costs. So, we saw input costs coming at us. We've always said we're going to pass on those cost increases to our customers. So, as you look forward, we've got a number of factors coming in play, right? So, we've got favorability in the manufacturing side as we continue our Fab-Liter strategy. That's offset by increases in the input cost as well as in the second half of the year, we've got the ramping of silicon carbide, which is a headwind to margins because we don't exclude those start-up costs in our non-GAAP numbers. And so you've got a headwind associated with that in the second half, and that's why we believe that we'll see the margins sustain in that Q1 range for the remainder of the year. Longer term, we still remain very optimistic in terms of where we're going, but we've got a lot to do between here and the end of the year.
Thad Trent: Well, the mix versus pricing in Q1 to the first order, pricing was first followed by favorable mix, and that's what gave us the upside to our guidance in Q1. As we go forward, we'll continue to pass on incremental cost increases that we get in our models, either through input cost or from our external foundries. I think we continue to close the price-to-value discrepancy on those products. And then we also plan on exiting the $300 million of non-core business later in the second half of the year. And as we've always said, we're basically pricing ourselves out of that market. And when supply comes online, we will exit that business.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, the silicon carbide will be a headwind for us starting the second half of this year. We'll go through really be a headwind probably for the first half of next year, as well and then start to be accretive. So, the product margins are accretive. Obviously, it's the start-up cost as we ramp the production to support those LTSAs. In terms of the Belgium fab overtime, we will get – let me talk about the Maine side first is about $30 million to $35 million of fixed costs that come out over time. Now we'll be buying products from that acquirer overtime. So, as we exit, that's when we start to see the benefit. Belgium is a lower scale fab. So it's less than that. It's roughly about $20 million of fixed costs that disappear over time as well.
Thad Trent: Yes. So, we exited about $32 million in Q1. We don't see anything meaningful in Q2. In the second half of this year, we think there's another roughly $300 million that we would exit. And you can think about that margin has been higher than what we've done in the past. What we said is, so far, we've exited in total, $200 million, a 21% gross margin this next 300 just because of the pricing environment is higher than that, but still dilutive to overall margins. We are – as we said at our Analyst Day back in August of last year, we said it would be 10% to 15%. So in total, we've got to get somewhere around $800 million to $900 million of losses. So we will still -- as we detailed at our Analyst Day, there's still more to come in 2023. And obviously, we moved that capacity into the higher-margin products, it allows us to free up that capacity, rather than put more money in more capital into the manufacturing and move it into the high-margin products, so favorable mix.
Thad Trent: Well, look -- Harlan, it's Thad. What we're seeing right now is we're seeing strength out there right now, right? As we said, demand continues to outstrip supply. As we've noted, we are getting more supply from our external foundry partners. We're extracting more out of our own manufacturing footprint. So that will give us some upside in the second half. Now again, keep in mind, we've got the headwind of the 300 million that will roll off. So we don't see significant growth, but we see that the second half will actually outperform the first half if you look Q3, Q4 versus Q1 and Q2.
Thad Trent: Yes, hey Chris. It's Thad here. So, we take ownership in January of 2023. There is a plan for GLOBALFOUNDRIES to exit just as we've been ramping up over the last couple of years, they'll ramp down over three years as we continue to move production into that facility. So, we've said that our units are actually doubling this year in 2022. We'll continue to accelerate that beyond '23, but there is a three-year period where they wind down, we wind up. And our assumption right now is, yes, we have a full fab at that time. Now we've said this in the past, at that time in '23, for a couple of years, we're going to be a foundry business or GLOBALFOUNDRIES and that's at a low margin, which is a little bit of a headwind as well, but we'll be able to offset that with the cost improvements that we get across the portfolio.
