Thad Trent: Yeah, Ross, it's Thad. To answer your first part of the question, you broke up a little bit, but I think I got it. The end markets played out pretty consistent with what we expected going into the quarter. We are expecting both automotive and industrial to be down. It played out that way. If we saw any signs of improvement, it was really in that industrials, we continue to see some stabilization there. So really played out as we expected during our guide for the quarter.
Thad Trent: Sure, sure. So starting with utilization, which is the key driver here in the short-term, just to reiterate what we've said in the past, every point of utilization is 15 basis points to 20 basis points of gross margin improvement. So as you think about us coming off of a low of 65% going back into normalized levels, you can do the math on the gross margin expansion on that. And you're right, East Fishkill with the global foundry business that we're running in there is about 100 basis points dilutive. We'll continue that through the rest of this year. And then we'll start to see that start to moderate in 2025. And then the other piece is the fab divestitures. We divested four fabs in a couple of years ago, and it's $160 million of fixed-cost that we'll start to recognize as demand picks up and we start manufacturing those products within our existing network. So we've got to bleed through that inventory that we've been building for those fab transitions. And as we move that into our network, we start to see that benefit. And then the last thing is, and I noted it in my prepared remarks is the ramping of new products that accretive gross margins. And I think if you start to do that math, you can start to get pretty close into our gross margin target. The long-term target mean 53%. So we feel good. We just need a market recovery here and we have some nice tailwinds.
Thad Trent: Yes, Toshiya, it's Thad. So we exited the quarter at 8.9 weeks, just where we expected. We talked about that mass market you referred to that we need to put inventory into the channel. So we're achieving that well. We're managing it tight still given the market uncertainty. But for Q3, I think it's going to be right in this range, let's call it, 9 weeks. And I really think through the remainder of this year and probably into next year, you're kind of looking at that type of range, 9 weeks plus or minus. We'll see how the market recovers and the adoption of the mass market. But that's our plan for the short term here.
Thad Trent: The silicon carbide backlog, you know, look, we announced a few things here over the last few quarters, right. I mean that backlog is healthy, right. There's some short-term softness as it's well-known in the EV market, but I would say the backlog is still very healthy.
Thad Trent: Yes, this is Thad. You nailed it, right. When we talk about the L-shaped recovery, it's really our revenue, right. We believe right now, we're still under shipping natural demand as there is an inventory digestion going on. As that inventory is got off, we think our revenue over time will increase again. But yeah, the L-shape is not demand, it's more of our revenue just given the inventory out in the channel.
Thad Trent: Well, I think it depends on demand as Hassane said, right. I mean, if demand picks up, the inventories bled faster. If demand slows, it takes a little bit longer. But look, for what we can see for the remainder of this year, that's why we're saying L-shaped. If you look at Q3, we're up almost 1%, we'll see what Q4 does.
Thad Trent: Yes. And Chris, if you look at that 8.9 weeks, there's actually a mix-shift within that 8.9 weeks, right. So more going to the mass market and less going into specifics for customers as we continue to bleed through that inventory. So we're managing that inventory extremely tight in the channel. And just keep in mind, historical levels of inventory in the channel was 11 weeks to 13 weeks. So we're significantly below where the company had been historically.
Thad Trent: And Chris, if you go back to our Analyst Day last year, we talked about the data center growing at 22% over a multi-year period. I think with AI and data center ramping, you can think about that over a multi-year period. It's probably being higher than that.
Thad Trent: Yes, Chris, I would say it's pretty stable. So the lifetime value of our LTSAs are $14.7 billion. If you look at what's shippable over the next 12 months, it's about $4.4 billion, so about 30% of that. Pretty consistent with the -- with what we've been seeing as you ship LTSAs. And I think as we've said, the LTSAs, pricing is stable, it gives us that call on demand changes and why we've seen many of the market shifts prior to many of our peers. So I think the LTSAs are strategic in the way that they're actually proving value in how we manage our business.
Thad Trent: Yes. All that on the website that we post. Distribution as a percentage of total increased whereas direct actually decreased, but that's all posted on the revenue trends that we put on the website there.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean, Vivek, if you look at our biggest market 79% of revenue this quarter to auto and industrial, we expect those in the third quarter to be flat-to-up slightly.
Hassane El-Khoury: So let me break it -- break it down. So for the silicon carbide market, I think, like you said, regionally from a BEV market, it's very different regionally. The comment and the reports that you're seeing more Western than China. But overall, we do expect the BEV market to remain healthy with a little lumpiness in the short term. But long term, we're still -- the penetration of BEV and the penetration of silicon carbide within BEV is still call it, mid-single-digit without the market leader. So having said that, I will anchor back on 2024 growth of 2x market. I'm not going to get into the absolute dollars. We have the absolute dollars that we're driving to internally. But I will anchor on the 2x market given all of the news and all the headlines that you referred to. From the China perspective, I talked about our penetration in China being over 60 -- about 60%. So in China, we're ahead of where we are with the rest of the world or overall, but that's also a timing, meaning we started in China given it's the biggest market ahead of everybody else. If you recall, at the end of last year, I mentioned that in 2024, we do expect the ramps to start in Europe. So as the ramps start in Europe, the blend of geographical distribution of our revenue for silicon carbide will change in the second half. But overall, China is ahead of the rest of the world from our market share as well just because it's the biggest market and we started there earlier.
Hassane El-Khoury: So, I'm not going to break out our silicon carbide on a quarterly basis given what we've been talking about the lumpiness of the revenue. That -- and really the timing of customer ramps when they start, when they peak, and when they stabilize. For that, we're only going to be covering silicon carbide revenue on an annual basis and we'll talk about it at the end of the year of where it all landed. What I will tell you is we -- externally, what I stated is the 2x market, that's where we look at. That's where we're trending. And I added in my prepared remarks, when I look at units growth, which is a lot of it is socket of designed and share, we're also trending at the 2x further supporting our growth in silicon carbide. From a regional, we talked about China being strong for us. Europe in the second half will start seeing some ramps in Europe. That's again in line with what we talked about at the end of last year. So all that is coming in exactly as we expected. And we continue to diversify our design in with the announcement with VW Group. That's, of course, out longer in time, but still adding to the geographical distribution of our revenue over time.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, if you look at design-in activity, whatever we feel in the market in the short term, and I call it short-term, given the trend for silicon carbide, not just in BEV, by the way, we talk about silicon carbide in industrial, proliferating further because of the benefit that it brings and even silicon carbide making its way into the power stages of the AI data center. So when we talk about silicon carbide, we're talking about a long-term multi-year megatrend. That's why we're participating in it. So in the short term, of course, we all see what the market shows. But nevertheless, customers are still investing in silicon carbide for their platforms, whether it be a car, industrial, or AI data center, as I mentioned. This is what we can control is our design and capability on our new products, which means that as the market starts to go uptick the other way and BEV starts to proliferate further, we are in a much better position than otherwise we would be if we weren't winning today. The VW Group announcement is an example of such a large deployment of silicon carbide in a electrification platform. So if you talk about backlog as that, that's exactly what we can't control and we're working on. That same story happens in industrial, that same story happens in the AI. We're designed in. Now the ramps will support our growth.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, still on track to what we said we will qualify 8-inch this year, that's when I talk about qualifying, it's substrates all the way through fabs. So that will be qualified this year, starting revenue next year in line with our expectations that I outlined last year. So no change to that. Obviously, we look at the 8-inch as a -- what we've talked about earlier, 8-inch for us is a capacity expansion. So once it's qualified, we sample and we start seeing revenue. We will start increasing the share of 8-inch internal versus 6-inch as we confer -- convert our furnaces and so on in order to support the ramp. But from a capability 8-inch, I'm very happy with where 8-inch is, and therefore, we're right on track.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I mean, L, I would say flat. So, Blayne, I have no reason to call a recovery. Now look, is there going to be some green shoots here and there, some markets within our automotive and industrial that will fare better than others? Probably, I don't have a crystal ball. That's why I can manage to what we can see and I can guide to what we can see. But what I would put it in perspective is we're not planning or seeing a -- what I would call a recovery, which is a big deviation from kind of flattish. So some recovery in certain areas that will change the course. We don't guide in the out quarters, but that's kind of my view of the market today.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Yes. I mean we have the difference with image sensing, we do have a big market share in that -- in that market in the ADAS automotive market. So that's more on the recovery of the market itself. But like you mentioned, there is an ASP uplift that will increase our revenue disproportional from just the unit growth and also a penetration rate that as ADAS gets to more level 2+, you got more units within the base of the SAR that we're targeting. So you can think about it as SAR plus the content uplift, both ASPs and units. Now importantly also, I do want to talk about the industrial side of that business where we don't have the same market share as we do in automotive. So there's more expansion we can do. We've had a slew of new products that we've introduced in the industrial market. The SWIR acquisition we've made adds yet another layer of that differentiation and the technology leadership for our image sensing group, that goes specifically in the industrial and the defense market. So again, same strategy of regional and application proliferation that we're doing in the power, you're seeing that kind of parallel in the imaging or the sensing business.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, let me start with the last part. We believe it's below end demand as I talk about the inventory burn. But as far as quarter-on-quarter guide and it's hard and I'll give you a piece of advice. It's hard to compare to peers because it's all a timing. In the short term, when I call it within a 90 day plus 90 days, minus 90 days, it's really a timing discussion of how much inventory was there, how far ahead or below end demand. At the end of the day, you have to look at it from an end-demand. End demand is exactly what I -- what I mentioned. We don't see signs of recovery, but we do see signs of stabilization. Over a multi-quarter period, it's all going to stabilize and everybody who ships into auto is going to converge to an auto number plus their content specifically to the company. So I don't look at it as a delta to peers or a delta to our customers. It's literally a -- where do we believe the automotive market is. Some of our Tier-1s have more inventory than others, so it will take them longer. But inventory burn is directly related to demand. Demand accelerates, inventory burns accelerate. Demand doesn't, inventory burn takes longer to achieve. So I would call it just a timing thing. There's nothing, I guess, intentional in managing to a number here.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, look, I mean we still see a growth in silicon carbide as a market driven, of course, by the auto, industrial and AI that I talked about. So it's a broad proliferation. I think it's too early to talk about 2025. We'll have to see how 2024 exit rate is and really what the market does in 2025. If you look at a lot of the reports that are out there and talked to a lot of the customers that have reported already, it's a very broad range of what 2025 is going to look like. So it's too early to talk about 2025. What I can talk about is the rate of design-wins that we have, because that I can't measure, that I can't control and that I can provide where we are. I'm very happy with that progress. We talked about China, and we talked about the Beijing Auto Show where literally we went through every car that got announced in the show and I can tell you exactly that we are designed into it. As those cars ramp and as those cars become successful and the market recovers for, both in China beyond what it is and outside of China, those are the design-wins that are going to ramp for us and dictate what 2025, 2026 and beyond are going to be. So I will tell you, from a design-win perspective and a market relation perspective, we are firing on all cylinders here, or I guess I shouldn't say cylinders. We're firing on all motors today.
Hassane El-Khoury: Typically, well, that's a question for them really. I can't disclose their plan for a ramp. But it's not an on-off switch. I guess, I can say that.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Sure. If you recall in our last -- this is Hassane. If you recall on our last call, we talked about the mass market. So it's not really the top customers or the named customers that we have, it's more of the tail of customers that we really ourselves have starved and I've mentioned it multiple times and during the call it, the pandemic where we didn't have a lot of -- we were supply-constrained. We prioritized all of our lead customers at the expense of the broad market or mass market. Right now, we talked about how we're starting to replenish and address the mass market. We started last quarter, so we expected that slight uptick. So it is driven strategically by us. Obviously, the metric for -- just to give you a little insights of how I look at it and why it's important for us. I look at it as new customer counts that we are adding. And that's again mass market thousands of customers. As that remains on an upward trajectory, even today, we will continue to replenish the mass market. So strategically, that's a closed-loop approach that we -- that I look at operationally to manage this.
Hassane El-Khoury: No. No, pricing is stable, if you recall. I mean, whether the units are coming in exactly what we had in the LTSAs or not, pricing is in the LTSA. So we've been very consistent about -- we discuss with customers on the LTSAs to reach to a win-win, but we invested based on the ROI and ROI is specific not just on volume, but also pricing. We can't control volume, neither can our customers to a first order as market dependent. So we're flexible there. But from an investment and pricing, I would say that's stable and that's really stable across all of our business. I won't just say about silicon carbide and it's seen in the margin holding where it is versus historical. So pricing is stable. And recall, when we started on this transformation journey, I said we're pricing for value. Value doesn't change based on the market environment. If the product brings value, then the product brings value and will price accordingly, and then the volume in units will follow up with the market.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. I'm not breaking the AI market at that level. We will as that market really in my view, starts proliferating for us. If you recall, the same thing we did with energy infrastructure where we started talking about it from a design-win until it became a more meaningful part of revenue and more meaningful part of the market. So stay tuned. What I would like -- what I talked about today is the opportunity from a product perspective, design in and really the, call it, the SAM per -- per rack and as we make progress through these and with our new product introduction on the mixed-signal analog, not just on the power, we'll give out a little bit more detail on that.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes, I mean, even today with the market environment that we've been talking about, we do have customers asking for LTSA because it's not -- you don't need the LTSA when the market is what it is today, they stage on needing the LTSA when the actual market recovers and they don't want to be stuck in traffic in the allocation. If the snap back is across all markets and very quick, so it's a future-proofing, it's a strategic tool and of course, it drives that discussion with the customer about what is their need based on new products and existing product ramps.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So first of all, on the mix-shift between disti and direct, keep in mind, most of that industrial business goes through the distribution. So that's that long tail of customers. So that's why you're seeing a little bit more there where the big automotive guys typically are direct. So you're right. As we've seen some recovery in industrial, you're seeing a little bit more of a shift to disti and a little bit less on direct. So I think it's just kind of a short-term as you go through this digestion period. Looking forward, I would say things are -- things are stabilizing here.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So we said in our prepared remarks, we're seeing China stabilizing. We're seeing growth there. It's both automotive and industrial. We talked about energy infrastructure as well as the second half recovery. So that would be a lot of that goes through China. But yeah, I would say it's the broader market of auto and industrial in China, and that's definitely leading the recovery right now.
Hassane El-Khoury: I guess that's a tough question to posture. But that the market pickup in China, I think the demand is coming back. We've had a pretty big trough what we talked about in the prior question, there was no recovery after the Chinese New Year. We've been talking about potential regard. So I look at it as driven by end-market demand, not necessarily a specific government incentives or any of that because I haven't really seen any major announcements in China to drive their economy. So, therefore, I would call it as a broad-based demand stabilization towards a recovery. For us with our penetration in China on silicon carbide and really on the silicon across the board, we will just benefit and we will see it. And given that we are very tight on the inventory in the channel, we will see the sell-through much quicker than having to wait to drain through large channel inventory like potentially some of our peers. So from our view, we've established ourselves in a very good position to see the uptick really quick. We started to see it in Asia, specifically in China like we talked about. But I wouldn't call it any specific incentives that may or may not be sustainable. So, therefore, as long as the market stays the way it is, I would call that sustainable.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. So by the way, by now, I thought the whole rumors about yields and quality and all that nonsense has been put to bed. But just for the record, if not, the answer is, of course, the answer has always been. So for the few non-believers out there, I think they're either not listening, not looking at the signs, not listening to the announcement or the head is buried in the sand. We've been very clear about our performance. Our wins have been speaking for themselves. So the answer is, of course, somebody like VW Group doesn't award on a whim. They award based on audits, reviews, and based on in-depth, on-site, and technical depth and reviews. So I'll just put it -- put it at that. As far as the VW win, we are the primary, which is to answer your question, yes, we are the primary for that and the breadth is for the VW, a brand overall, or the VW Group overall.
Hassane El-Khoury: Yes. Look, I mean, I can't speak for the channel in general. I can speak for what we've done in the channel. If you recall, the last few years, we've been managing the channel way tighter than a lot of our peers and really way tighter than they would want us to manage. They would take more if we ship more. But we didn't want to have a balloon in the channel inventory like some of our peers have because that puts us quarters away from seeing a recovery because even if you get the POS recovered and you have a lot of weeks in the channel, that's that latency that we didn't want to have and we want to be closely tight. That's why I mentioned strategically, as we ship specifically to the mass market, the metric I use is customer count increasing that we ship to. So we are shipping and replenishing the mass market. And I do monitor again, it's not a quarterly metric, think about it as inventory velocity. From the time we ship it to the mass market, how long before it ships out. That velocity is monitored the number of customers is monitored. That's why I feel very good about increasing our channel inventory for the mass market. But if you talk about channel inventory for the top customers, the industrial customers or what I would call the named customers, that just follows the trend because, look half of our inventory in the channel is fulfillment. So it is demand-related directly.
Hassane El-Khoury: We continue to prioritize operational excellence through the market correction and demonstrate the resilience of our business. We're very proud of our global teams for executing through the current demand environment with prudent financial management. We are a better-structured company because of the work we put in during the downturn. Thank you all for joining us today.
Quinn Bolton: Hey, Hassane, I'm just wondering if you might be able to give us any sense of sort of timing of the VW ramp. You mentioned you thought you'd be across pretty much all of the VW models over time. Are they staged, or do they sort of all ramped in the same general time period? And then I've got a follow-up.
Quinn Bolton: Got it. And then just looking at the second half, it's pretty clear your message is that end-demand hasn't really started to recover yet, maybe it's stabilizing. So as you look at your L-shaped recovery comments, I guess I'm just trying to reconcile, you guys are shipping below end consumption right now as inventory is being digested. Is your L-shaped commentary really more a reflection of end demand, or of your revenue because I would think at some point as the inventory digestion process ends, you would snap back to consumption. And I would think that would put some growth into your numbers if you're currently shipping below consumption levels. So, any thoughts on that reconciliation would be helpful. Thank you.
Quinn Bolton: So it sounds like we've got a couple more quarters of that inventory digestion from your vantage point.
