Tony Rodio: Thanks, Joyce, and thanks everyone for joining. We have what we believe is a really good story and we’re excited to share it with everybody. I’ll provide a quick overview of fourth quarter and full-year performance and recent developments before turning the call over to Eric to discuss our results in greater detail.First, an update on the merger with Eldorado. On November 15th, stockholders from both Caesars and Eldorado approved the merger of our two companies. Additionally, we received regulatory approvals from a number of jurisdictions and are making progress toward obtaining approval from other jurisdictions in the coming months. We continue to make progress on the integration planning and expect to close the transaction in the first half of 2020.Now the results, Caesars delivered another strong year of operating performance, starting with the fourth quarter, net revenues totaled $2.2 billion, up 2.6% year-over-year driven by strength in Las Vegas and growth across all regions, primarily in Iowa and Indiana due to the opening of new sportsbooks.Solid consumer demand in Las Vegas resulted in higher revenue, primarily within our Hotel segment, as we saw a higher cash customer mix versus the prior year and an increase in occupancy.Adjusted EBITDA was $586 million, up 3.4% year-over-year, driven by revenue growth and corporate expense reductions in payroll, professional services and legal expenses. Excluding the sale of Rio, adjusted EBITDA totaled $575 million, up 4% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 20 basis points year-over-year to 27%.For the full-year, enterprise wide net revenues were $8.7 billion, up 4.2% year-over-year, driven by strong performance and favorite hold in Las Vegas and a full-year of Centaur results. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.42 billion, up 4.7% over the prior year. Hold adjusted EBITDA was $2.4 billion, up 2.9%.Our domestic marketing costs were 20% of gross revenue reflecting a 10-basis-point improvement year-over-year, while labor costs represented 23.4% of gross revenue reflecting a 30-basis-point improvement.As a result of our focus on cost controls, we’ve removed approximately $100 million of annualized expenses since the start of 2019. We’re very pleased that we’re able to deliver these strong results that close the year 2019.We also have closed the previously announced sale of Rio in Las Vegas to dreamscape companies in December and received $470 million in cash. In January, we announced the sale of Harrah’s Reno to CAI Investments for $50 million of net proceeds, which will be split 75% the VICI and 25% the CaesarsIn addition to capital investments we’ve made over the last few years have paid off as we’re seeing good results from these various projects. Since installing table games at both Centaur properties and opening Southern Indiana’s new land based property. All three have increased gross gaming revenue by 35% to-date, tracking well ahead of our expectations.We’re also excited about the opening of Caesars forum here in Las Vegas in March, which has exceeded bookings and revenue expectations to-date. For its first full-year of operation Caesars Forum has already booked over 240,000 room night and $119 million in revenue. We also book more than $1.3 million room nights representing $460 million in revenue so far through 2026.We also continue to grow our sports betting business across the quarter and are pleased with the progress we’ve made over the past year. We now have 29 seasons branded sportsbooks across seven states.As a result of these installations, we have seen an increase in visitation, food and beverage engraving buying particularly in Iowa, Indiana, and Mississippi. We have licenses approved to launch mobile sports betting in Pennsylvania, Indiana and Iowa, and plan to do this over the course of the first half of this year subject to regulatory approval. We reiterate our view of sports betting as being a key value driver for the company and anticipate expanding our footprint to more markets over time.As we looked at the first quarter of 2020, we are seeing an acceleration of the performance that we saw in 2019. Las Vegas is performing very strong with gaming volume exceeding our expectations, up 9% in January, and non-gaming generating solid performance as we continue to see strong customer demand. In addition regional properties continue to perform well, due to the addition of sports betting and capital investments I mentioned earlier, and our focus on cost controls.Now I will turn the call over to Eric.
Tony Rodio: Yeah. Thank you for the question, it is obviously on top of everybody’s mind. To-date, we are pleased and pleasantly surprised say that we’ve seen no business impact whatsoever. As matter of fact, we’re off to a great start in 2020 from our VVIP business from Asia. And I credit that Gary Selesner and his Asian marketing team. They do a great job of cultivating that business. They take a number of trips each year and they spent quite a bit of time there in December and they had teed up what they thought was going to be a real strong first quarter from that segment and that has come to fruition.Going forward, we have a number of metrics in dashboards and items that we track on a daily basis to see if we get a precursor to any downturns. And again, I’m happy to report that we have not seen that yet. We are working on contingency plans, should the situation begin to affect business here, but again, so far, so good.
Tony Rodio: I don’t have the exact percentage, but I can tell you that the vast majority of that is incremental. We have seen a little a bit of a follow up at the properties. But collectively between what we’re booking there and what we’re seeing at the individual property convention spaces, we are still well above our forecasts.
Tony Rodio: And I’m going to get her to correct me if I’m wrong, but I believe our overall profitability for the whole company it’s around 1% that comes from the VVIP business in Asia. But having said that, it’s off to a great start in 2020, so I would say through the first quarter, it’s going to uptake from there.
Tony Rodio: Yeah. I mean, look, we have made -- I think our operating entities operated real good margins today, and as I mentioned on the call, we improved our marketing efficiency, as well as our labor efficiency. I talked about the $100 million in costs that we’ve taken out of the business, the lion’s share of that has come from the corporate structure, although the major components of that I think there’s $11 million or $12 million that we’ve taken out of the individual businesses by reducing our slot participation games and we’ve gotten good results particularly in the regional markets where we don’t feel that it’s impacted as well. So we’re actually looking at a second phase of taking more of those games off the floor.In terms of corporate, it’s come from a number of areas just through attrition. We did that voluntary severance plan. We eliminated our pursuit of a license in Japan. And we -- I think we’re doing a much better job of controlling our IT functions and looking at what efforts we really need to pursue and we’ve scaled down a number of projects that we’re actively working on. So that’s allowed us to reduce our contract labor by quite a bit. So -- and we continue to evaluate through attrition or all the opportunities here at corporate. But I would say, between now and merger, the lion’s share of it is already been harvested.
Tony Rodio: Quite frankly, inbound for script properties is pretty much non-existent, where our phones are open and willing to take calls, and if we get a call, we certainly would evaluate it to see if it makes sense for the business as a strategic decision. But right now, from a script standpoint, there were no active discussions and have had no inbound inquiries.
Tony Rodio: Yeah. Well, first of all, the sports betting itself outside of Las Vegas is not a -- and I don’t have the number with me, I want to say, within the $6 million range of profit or why that was generated from the sportsbooks themselves. However, we’ve seen significant increases in visitations that is driven incremental food and beverage revenue and incremental gaming revenue.I know in particular Biloxi, Mississippi, for example, we’ve seen it sounds crazy -- we’ve seen a 300% increase in cash beverage sales since the sportsbooks have opened. So it’s doing exactly what I think everybody anticipated and increasing the foot traffic through the properties and having a positive impact on all verticals plus adding its own EBITDA into the mix as well.
Tony Rodio: Well, that’s the thing I mentioned, we’re looking at contingency plans and operational plans right now. We’re actually looking to work together collectively here in the market, as well as with government agencies, and I can’t tell you that we have everything ironed out right now, but we are embarking on those types of plans as we speak.
Tony Rodio: Yes. The one thing that’s been really encouraging is that a number of the people that have been engaging in sports betting in those Midwest and South jurisdictions are people that were inactive. She’s rewards customers previously. And so we’ve seen a lot of reactivation of those customers, and they also are giving us other gaming work in addition to that.We’ve seen roughly about a 10% increase in foot traffic through the properties that have sports books. I can’t -- it’s so hard to dissect. If we see an uplift in GGR, it’s so hard to say well, how much of this is related to sports betting and how much of it is relating to other marketing initiatives or what else are improvements in weather year-over-year.And particularly if you look at, Centaur properties in Southern Indiana, we had major capital investments there and we’ve seen incredible results. So there’s a lot of noise. So it’s hard to put your finger on exactly how much more GGR. But I can tell you, it’s typically around 10% more foot traffic that we’re seeing in these properties.
Tony Rodio: No. Definitely not. No. We -- it’s definitely accretive incremental GGR that we’re seeing from the people that, again, we’re getting a lot of customers that had been our customers in the past that are now coming back to the properties, particularly in those markets where they have to come into to make the wager.
Tony Rodio: We had a number of items that came in the last quarter or the year that we don’t necessarily think would repeat themselves that put a little bit of pressure on the flow-through. I think, per Shaun’s question earlier, there is a more volatility in the flow-through here in Las Vegas, due to the mix of revenue, as it shows up whether it’s in the casino or the hotel or the food and beverage.And for the year, our margins were up approximately 120 basis points and we achieve 37.5% margin here in Las Vegas. So, broadly speaking, I think, the flow-through is good for the whole year and as we look into next year, we -- there may be some volatility again between quarters, but for the year, we would expect great flow through again.
Tony Rodio: Yeah. What we’ve seen it’s really worked for us is when we replace the participation games with newly acquired product and new product and the results that we’re getting at the new product is almost as doing, as well as the participation games.There’s been a couple of locations and a couple of isolated situations where it’s a little bit more competitive, where we think that it hurt us and we’re adding back, but the net number is going to continue to go up, because we’ve seen much more positive results due to that then negative.
Tony Rodio: Well, look, I would argue or could argue that the more catalysts for additional traffic is only going to help everybody. A rising tide lifts all boats, I mean, the MSG Event Center is going to, I think, I mean, help even more -- I mean, even though resorts were -- I am not exactly sure when it’s coming online, but that’s going to create more interest in traffic into the city and you’ve got the expansion of the Las Vegas Convention Center. So I view them all as positive.
Eric Hession: The only thing that Carlo is that the revenue of $100 million includes both the room revenue and the bank revenue component.
Eric Hession: So it’s not a huge exposure. Our bigger concern going forward depending upon which way this Coronavirus goes. If we start to see cancellations of the domestic travel to Las Vegas for the fear of interacting with Asian clientele, but again, we have not seen that to-date, and obviously, we haven’t had any cases of the Coronavirus here in Las Vegas.
Eric Hession: Yeah. We generally don’t provide that information and we look at it in more aggregate and we include things like energy pricing, which recently has been going the other way, as well as the wages, but a lot of it is the benefits and other extra expenses associated with just running the business from a cost perspective. When we put our budget together, we estimate those and then try to find ways to offset them through costs, savings and other areas.
Eric Hession: Yeah. And the other thing I would add is going into 2020, a lot of the cost savings initiatives, we really didn’t get the full like the voluntary severance program that I mentioned earlier, a lot of those people didn’t exit the company until the end of the year. So we’re not seeing the full benefit of the whole $100 million until 2020 and I think it’ll creep higher than that as we get closer and closer to the transaction.
Eric Hession: I mean, we didn’t really get started until the second half of the year. I don’t have that number. But -- if I had to measure a guess I’d probably say $25 million, $30 million, $35 million. I got a number of the people in the room shaking their head, yeah. So I think that’s a good estimate.
