Gary Loveman: Thanks, Eric. While the fourth quarter was encouraging on many levels, EBITDA was negatively impacted by a series of items, including particularly unfavorable hold, ongoing construction disruption, higher start-up costs related to new food and beverage offerings and some increased corporate expenses. EBITDA has improved during the period since November, however, and we are pleased with the sequential improvement in key business indicators across our network. Coupled with the top-line benefits we are realizing from our hospitality investments and our focus to improve flow through and enhance cash flow generation. I am really quite optimistic about 2015 as we see a clear pathway to stronger results. Additionally, for the upcoming year, we will be very engaged with the execution of CEOC's restructuring plan and the Caesars Entertainment and Caesars Acquisition merger, so that we can complete this process as quickly and efficiently as possible and realize additional cost savings to restore the health and long-term viability of CEOC. Combined, we believe these actions will provide a platform to grow and prosper for many years to come. With a track forward to ensure the future prosperity of Caesars Entertainment, I felt this is an appropriate time for a transition in management. I will step down as CEO of Caesars Entertainment on June 30th, after serving in this position for the last 12 years. During this time, I have seen this company evolve and accomplish more than I could have imagined when I began. I am extremely proud of the team, all that we have achieved and how well prepared they are and we are for the future. I will continue to oversee the restructuring of CEOC, remaining Chairman of this entity as well as of Chairman of Caesars Entertainment. Mark Frissora, my successor has been appointed CEO designee, and subject to regulatory approval will take over as CEO July 1st. He has also joined our Board. Mark and I will work closely together to ensure a seamless transition and a productive start beginning on his first day. We have an excellent team available to lead this company at all levels and I am confident that Mark, working together with me and the rest of the management, will execute effectively on the initiatives underway to position Caesars for future growth and success. We are about to open the call to questions, but before we do so let me just say that you all know I would that you may have questions regarding the status of the restructuring process or the state of our discussions with various creditors. However, we will not be able to answer and discuss these questions due to the ongoing sensitive nature of the negotiations proceedings and associated litigation. Operator that concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions.
Gary Loveman: Sue, this is Gary. I and Eric did a very nice job of elaborating on the sources of these various costs. They are obviously quite the frustrating to us. The two big contributors to this were the low yields associated with the revenues generated at these new outlooks, the cost of the write-off associated with the movement of a couple tenants at LINQ. Then also these very high professional expenses that are the result of the complexity and this structure that we currently operate on.
Gary Loveman: Yes. Kevin, this is Gary. I would just add, I am very excited about how the Wheel is doing. I am also fascinated by how complicated it is. Marketing attraction at different days and different times and different days under different weather conditions, different holiday patterns has proven to be a very rich assignment and my colleagues are loading a lot and doing it well and better and I think the upside in this attraction is considerable. We are happy with buy-sell's writers, we can do a lot more and there are days when we do 75% more than that. I think, there is tremendous additional benefit to be added from the Wheel.
Gary Loveman: This is Gary. What we would have to think that is helping although might be hard for us to prove it to you from what we have seen so far. Hopefully if gas prices remained somewhere near where they been, we will have a sustained benefit to the liquidity of our customers that will see a benefit, but I think perhaps the best news out of these areas is then the stabilization of the supply dynamics. As you have also seen all of my friends and competitors poured a lot of attention to their costs, I think that is a favorable pattern for the industry broadly, so you have seen a lot of margin improvement from my regional colleague I think that bodes well.
Gary Loveman: I will take a shot at this. Then my colleagues can revise it as needed. We feel that the numbers are quite attainable. We have sign on to these numbers with our board. Now, with all of you through announcing the EBITDA number for CERP for the year, you could imagine these have been a part of the restructuring discussions as well. We have a lot of financial apparatus in place to measure the progress of the cost initiatives as they provide. My colleague, under Eric's administration look after the attainment of the operating cost structures that each entity here queue [ph] order for these numbers to attain. Through now what is eight or nine weeks of the beginning of the year, we feel very good about where we are headed. As you could imagine, some do a little better, some do a little worse than one might expected. Some new ones are first some other were retired, but the progress along the line with the numbers we provided I think are quite encouraging.
Gary Loveman: I do not think that anything has changed on the option for as a function of this restructuring process for Harrah's Atlantic City in Laughlin to be moved into a REIT. That remains a subject to discussion in the restructuring and we have - contemplate use of proceeds at this point. I can't resist going back to the question about slots through, I remain very concerned that the product is antiquated as a category and that our slot providers need to work harder to provide a foreign factor and gain content that is moderate. The feelings of my colleagues in CIE do that every day. They innovate remarkably rapidly test and improve their product and how it is enjoyed by their customers constantly and I [indiscernible] that with what our traditional supplier has done. I think there is tremendous opportunity there.
Gary Loveman: Let me add a couple cost savings. Obviously, you can't find $900 million of increment to EBITDA associated with the number Eric described, because we have had a lot of secular cost increases beating upstream into the system from negotiated union agreement, energy expenses in market and a variety of other increased expenses. The net of those cost savings against these headwinds we have had or what should be the results that you have seen. What is different about this round of cost reductions in my view are the bit pricing, they are a bit more ingenious for example Jacquie who is here with us, we negotiated much of our property and casualty insurance coverage in the last few weeks and it did so in a very thoughtful way that saved the company millions and millions of dollars, with very little increment to our risk profile. Favorable market has helped but that is a true benefit to the company with no consequence to the guests. Similarly, our Chief Marketing Officer, Tariq Shaukat thought a lot about these application of marketing expenses, in periods where our ability to influence consumer behavior is limited. For example in bad weather month in Atlantic City, where the risk of the marketing interventions being overrun by bad weather is high, we have cut a lot of these expenses back. At least so far it seems a very little effect on revenue generation. I think they are quite sophisticated modifications in the way we operate the business in response to the conditions we face with our guests, and so far they have shown no consequence on guest services. In fact, our trip activities we have reported remain strong and growing.
Gary Loveman: I like to think that we need to add some value to provide to the guest rather than simply raising the resort fees. So, we have recently enhanced the quality of the internet service, we provide. We have made other investments in the facilities and we will take a look at where our competitors are getting on resort fees and consider whether there is any modification.
Gary Loveman: To the extent for whatever reason that fails to occur, we will moderate our capital [ph] we are just very carefully watching that process, but I think CERP's performance will improve substantially from where it has been.
Gary Loveman: Thank you. Operator, I think that concludes our call. Thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon.
Eric Hession: Yes, Sure, Sue. I will start and then see if Gary or Jackie wants to add anything. There were number of items that impacted the flow-through from the CERP perspective. As we referenced the LINQ and Wheel, continued to perform within the expectations that we had, and consistent with prior year period, however we did take a charge of approximately $8 million with respect to the transition that we have made with some of the tenants in the facility and that would have impacted the flow-through from the CERP credit perspective. In addition, we did reference the increase in the PG&E and corporate expense. There are a number of items that are driving that, but from the perspective of the CERP credit, a lot of them have to do with overall professional services associated with the just the overall complexity of the various capital structures and making sure that the CERP reporting high is [ph] complete. As we also talked about going forward, we anticipate significant efficiency to be generated as part of the cost program that we will be both, at the property level through the efficiency Gary mentioned, but as well at the corporate level. Those would flow-through to CERP credit and we anticipate improving margins throughout the year in 2015.
Eric Hession: Yes. I means that when you a bring a lot of new tenants in to a new development like this, some of them do very well and some of them do less well than they had hoped and you wind up having to do some re-assortment I would call it. There are often times some cost associated with that.
Eric Hession: I think that point that Jackie just made much more particularly than I did. There is just a lot additional professional services work which is required to support these entities, so CERP had some incremental cost that we don't see repeating themselves in the future.
Eric Hession: Yes. Sure, Sue. As you know the budget is approximately $125 million. That is net of the amounts that we will get back from the incentives CRDA incentives and we spent approximately $56 million at this point. The balance we would expect to come over this year and some of it might actually extend into next year due to the timing related to the overall construction project.
Eric Hession: Yes. There is significant amount cash at the CERP entity itself. A piece of that is obviously cage cashes you are aware and then there was cash associated with simply working capital fluctuations. We wanted to make sure that we had a sufficient amount of cash to cover those fluctuations, so we have drawn on the revolver when needed for various expenses.
Eric Hession: Yes. It was just shy of approximately 5,000 a day. That was up around 10% quarter-over-quarter on a sequential basis, so we continue to see improvements. We saw exceptionally strong demand during the holiday period at the end of the year when there is a sizable component of FIT business in town and we saw some record days at that point. Then take the average ticket price has also held up and been broadly consistent with that be achieved in the third quarter.
Eric Hession: I think one thing to add just to that dynamic is that the group business tend to book farther out and in terms of a convention planner signing up for the event the Wheel, they want to see the Wheel operating and have gone an experience, so we are starting to see some of those bookings roll in. I also think that a primary area of opportunity for us is the tour and travel. Again, the pamphlets and the information that is printed for that segment of the business is done annually. Again, it takes time to get that absorbed in to the various cycles of the groups that come to town. Those areas are certainly areas of opportunity as we go through 2015.
Eric Hession: I do not think there is anything that would be prohibited with regulatory becomes a strategic decision for the company as to whether it wishes to hold those assets or put them into the structures we have suggested for the assets under the restructuring plan. I think that awaits further discussion down the road. There are certainly no immediate plans for that.
Eric Hession: Yes. Just from a dollars prospective, David. This year we are planning to spend approximately $300 million on CEOC CapEx. That would include some hotel rooms here at Caesars Palace that we feel make a lot of sense to do at this point given the dynamics in the market and particularly with omni opening up and demand for that type of products going forward though I think you will see more around the range of that we have consistently been and talk about which is in that 225-plus or minus range and that would be sufficient to maintain all the assets. Again, as we talked about before, there are certain where we feel we are ahead of the curve in terms of the maintenance such as our slot product, where we replaced all the video poker last year. Then we have talked about a few hotel room projects that needed to be done and it is a balance between them, but that is kind of probably where we are thinking.
Eric Hession: Taking those in turn, the construction disruption is largely starting to falloff essentially. We opened the bazaar shops in front of Bally's few days ago. The Cromwell as you know is under construction for significant portion of last year and that has been open now for a little while. The LINQ is open and the wheel is running. Then the LINQ hotel is the main area that is still under construction in our let's say east side property. The hotel rooms are expected to come back online starting in March, and they should all be back online in May, so we will have full complement of rooms at that point. As you know, we have been operating essentially with half capacity for the last 9 months to 12 months or so. On the west side with Caesars Palace, omni is opening at the end of this month middle of the end of this month as well as with the Seersucker Restaurant towards the end of the month and that will really clean up the front of the building as you have seen there have been a lot of traffic disruptions there and pedestrian traffic as well. We are very excited about omni opening. We think it is going to drive tremendous amount of business to the property. From slot versus table perspective, I do not think there is really a clear-cut trend at this point with respect to Las Vegas at Caesars Palace we are obviously watching the ultra high-end international business components, but that really does not manifest itself in any of the other properties on this trip, Jackie.
Eric Hession: In aggregate, Dennis, when we add up the programs that we have initiated since the leverage buyout it is approximately $900 million in total. As we talked about the $250 million to $300 million that we anticipate getting in the new program consist as Gary noted in terms of refining our scheduling, making sure that we are more efficient at the properties as well as some de-layering from the management perspective in then the refinement of our marketing efforts. I would expect that the impact of that to the various credits would be proportionate based on the particular drivers, so to the extent that there are savings associated with efforts that are largely based on the property that CERP owned, you would expect savings from those. Those will be things that are heavily table games-centric as well as hotel properties are very large, all six of them, whereas some of the savings and efficiencies that we might gather from the more frequency markets would be predominantly CEOC basis.
Eric Hession: For 2015, Dennis, the CapEx including CERP's portion of the CES CapEx is going to range between $140 to $215 million…
Eric Hession: Yes. That includes the Atlantic City Convention Center, which is largest component of that. We also had some room renovation projects that we are planning to do here in Las Vegas, then some food and beverage as well as just general other maintenance projects.
Eric Hession: Yes. That is right. As Gary mentioned, we do anticipate strong flow through heading into this year. As I called out, we had few events in the fourth quarter that we felt are one-time based and we would anticipate that 2015, the margin should get back to where you would normally expect a Las Vegas-centric credit to be.
David Farber: I had a couple of questions. I want it to first touch on the CEOC. You discussed in your prepared remarks about some of the cost savings efforts and even talked about the EBITDA plan you had underwritten a little bit, so I just be curious to hear how you think about the figure if it is attainable, is it conservative, if it is aggressive given the fourth quarter? What you are seeing currently just from a fundamental perspective at the CEOC box then a couple follows up in there? Thanks.
David Farber: Very good. Just a follow up to that, so should a successful restructuring come together, I guess, I would be curious to hear your thoughts on sort of CapEx on the less levered balance sheet and how you think about maybe the shape of the regional properties? Do you feel like you need a good amount capital? Any thoughts there and then I just have two follow up. Thanks.
David Farber: Very good. That is helpful. Just in Las Vegas, starting to see at least some outperformance maybe on the slot side versus the tables, so just curious sort of in the Caesars' portfolio what assets or properties you think is best positioned for this when the construction disruption is going to end in Las Vegas. Then I just had one last question on CERP if I may? Thanks.
David Farber: Very good. That is helpful. Eric, if you did that off the top of your head, the construction disruption, I am very impressed. Just quickly on CERP, we talked a little bit about the OpEx. I think Sue asked the question, but can you talk a little bit about the potential for the Harrah's Atlantic City and Laughlin sale as you have disclosed in the past and any thoughts around the use of proceeds, should you go through with that transaction, if you could talk to that, either way that is it for me. Thanks.
