Thomas Reeg: Slot handle was down 2%, Joe, net of the Rio and table drop was down 7%. So net revenue was down 4.5%. The bulk of everything that flowed through the quarter was table hold related. And recall, last year's first quarter was ginormous. 
Thomas Reeg: Yes. Sure, Joe. We have a number of assets that produce very little or no cash flow that are noncore to the business, non-operating casinos that could potentially be monetized at attractive rates where you wouldn't have to change your model much. And without getting too forward-looking, you shouldn't be surprised if some of those types of things start to happen in 2024 that our leverage reduction is not limited to only free cash flow. 
Thomas Reeg: There was no -- there were no positives coming out of the weather. So there were no savings there. I mean you've known us long enough that we're constantly looking at how can we improve our margins. We're trying to not just be a cork in the ocean in terms of just being washed with where the economy goes. So we're always looking for efficiencies, and that's a testament to our team who has been together a very long time knowing we're in an environment that's generally inflationary, we're in both Vegas and Atlantic City, where our biggest union exposure is dealing with increased costs, and we don't tend to just eat that. We intend to improve the business from an operating perspective, become more efficient and deliver growth. And that's our expectation as we move forward. 
Thomas Reeg: Yes. I told you the big ones. The three big ones. Hold Weather and North Carolina launch were more than $75 million. I mentioned other things like Adele moving that are smaller stuff that gets us to, if I'm looking at true non-onetime performance. I'm getting back to pretty close to even versus last year, which would include an increase in Digital if you're losing the $20 million North Carolina loss, an increase in Regional. But Vegas is probably still a little short to the record first quarter last year. 
Thomas Reeg: I think the most attractive opportunity I have for free cash flow, if I'm living in the current neighborhood is my own stock. 
Thomas Reeg: I don't have anybody else's numbers yet in terms of the quarter. Our hotel revenues are up. Our food and beverage revenue was up about 14%. I'll be surprised if that's lagging the market. 
Thomas Reeg: I'm not going to help you on the clues. I'll tell you, Centaur is -- would certainly not be described as a nonoperating casino generating cash flow. So that's not part of it. But there's a lot of assets in this company that don't make it into your sum of the parts that have real value that we can realize and you shouldn't be surprised if we start to put some of them on the board in '24. 
Thomas Reeg: Yes. Look, I've tried to make clear all of our volume indicators were healthy in the quarter. Vegas number -- obviously, we lost CON/AGG, we picked up Super Bowl. So you had a big group that didn't show up in a big group that wasn't part of last year. But you can see it in our hotel occupancy, our hotel revenue, our food and beverage, all of those numbers remain healthy. The fact that regional ex January would have grown year-over-year should tell you that the consumer on -- that we see on balance continues to remain healthy and spending is robust. 
Thomas Reeg: I mean you guys are closer to accretion dilution math for them. I suspect that's what ultimately makes the decision. We are operating under the assumption that they intend to exercise, which is what they've told us in the past, but they've also said they won't do a dilutive deal. And as I understand, it's pretty close as it sits here today. 
Thomas Reeg: The partnership roll-off is significant and material. I'm giving you -- we grow like the market grows. We're growing in excess of that. And that's where I said we can argue about is $500 million the full year of '25? Or are we just short of it and we surpassed it early in '26? I would say the jury is out there. The argument that we're not going to get to $500 million. The math does not support that at this point. 
Thomas Reeg: Yes, they are chunky and kind of roll off in that -- the bulk of them in that '25 time frame. But also note, again, whether that's a full year of '25 or its beginning of '26, it's a point in time, and we're going to continue growing beyond that. 
Thomas Reeg: Yes, Stephen, I'd say we're always on defense on costs. And we are -- you should presume in a quarter like this, after the run that these businesses have had that we would be going to our local leaders and saying show me how we can tighten further, either by generating more revenue or more or fewer costs so that it's EBITDA additive. I'm not in the habit of coming up with a pithy name for that type of program. And laying out what those targets would be. But you should expect that we have initiatives in place that are well into 9 figures that we would anticipate flowing through the business by the end of this year. And that's partly just that's what we do, but it's also -- we recognized that growth is going to be not as easy to come by in the brick-and-mortar as it's been coming out of COVID. And we intend to continue to grow. So you should expect that's ongoing. I don't have a good acronym for it, but expect that you're going to see that flowing through in the coming quarters. 
Thomas Reeg: So you've got North Carolina is a piece of it. But yes, Retail Sports was negative from a hold perspective in the quarter. And that hit revenue and flows through, that's where you're most acute flow-through of both Super Bowl and March Madness hints. 
Thomas Reeg: Yes, Look, I'm looking at EBITDA. I'm not looking at GGR share. That's what you move with promo. Our international business was as high as it's been since going back to '19 in the quarter, our high -- our VVIP volumes were quite strong, we didn't hold. If you look at -- is it March has been reported already? Somebody is going to tell you they held because it wasn't us. And Baccarat held in the quarter or in the month. So we're really not seeing much in the way of share shifts that we need to respond to. If you look at the quarter, I would say January didn't feel great on a year-over-year basis. February and March did feel great, and the net result was volumes ended up about the same for the quarter against the biggest first quarter we've ever had. So I suspect when you hear others you might hear January didn't start that great, but that was very short-lived and February and March up much better. 
Thomas Reeg: Short answer, John, is yes, we think there are but those that are of -- those that make a difference in terms of talking about in terms of scale would require equity as a piece of a transaction and in the current neighborhood, I'm certainly not a seller of my equity for any reason. 
Thomas Reeg: Well, ultimately, you're limited by how many skins that you have. So you saw the transaction that we did with Wynn in Michigan that allows us hopefully, before too long to have another skin in that state. So we have two available in each iCasino jurisdiction and that should allow us to launch a second brand, and then we'll -- obviously, we'll see what happens after that and where we can get to from a skin perspective, it's different by state, but we have enough at this point to launch in every iCasino state. 
Thomas Reeg: So the only place we have a similar undeveloped real estate piece is Scioto Downs in Columbus, which could be a longer-term opportunity, but that Pompano development has been, what, 5 plus years in the making at this point. Slow developing, but it's gratifying to see what it's doing for both revenue and EBITDA at that property. 
Thomas Reeg: No, not really, other than what I've discussed in terms of opportunities on both revenues and expenses that we are targeting based on the list we put together at the beginning of the year. There's nothing. It's a lot of small stuff that adds up to a big number that we need to go block and tackle, and that's what we intend to do. 
