Eric Hession: Thanks, Mark. Today I’ll focus the commentary on enterprise-wide same-store results unless otherwise indicated. Enterprise-wide results included CEC plus CEOC and same-store results exclude the Horseshoe Baltimore which we deconsolidated at the end of August, and now will be reflected as an investment through the equity metric. CEC and entity level results can be viewed in the earnings release, the Form10-Q and in the appendix at the back of the earnings deck. Now please turn your attention to slide 17. Enterprise-wide same-store net revenues rose 2.6% year-over-year. Slot volume improvements of 4% year-over-year offset highly unfavorable hold at one of our London properties. Caesars Palace led the enterprise in overall dollar value revenue improvement, exceeding prior year by approximately $15 million. The Gulf Coast region continues to show signs of stability, generating a 6.9% year-over-year increase in net revenue. In addition to the gaming growth that Mark discussed earlier, improved cash ADR and cash resort fees as well as an improvement in bankrupt revenues also contributed to the increase. Adjusted EBITDA increased 17% or $87 million supported by higher revenues and reduced operating expenses. The improvements in revenues and reductions and expenses were partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year hold impact between $10 million and $15 million. Third quarter of hold impact on operating income was unfavorable to our expectations by between $20 million and $25 million. On a same-store basis, hold adjusted EBITDA is estimated to be between $632 million and $637 million, with the hold adjusted margin of between 29.7% and 30%. We face challenging year-over-year headwinds as we look into the fourth quarter of 2017. In the fourth quarter of 2016, Horseshoe Baltimore contributed approximately $80 million of net revenue and $14 million of adjusted EBITDA. And as discussed previously, it’s results will not be consolidated during this year’s fourth quarter. In addition, CEOC reported a onetime fee revenue pickup also in the fourth quarter of last year of $83.5 million related to our exit from our Ohio properties. While the fee pickup did not count towards our EBITDA results, it will be a revenue headwind for future comparisons. Finally, in Q4 of 2016, we also experience hold that was favorable to our expectations in an estimated range of between $15 million and $20 million with all of it coming from the Las Vegas region. It’s likely that our revenues for the fourth quarter will be affected by the recent tragic events in Las Vegas. We also expect some temporary corporate cost pressures as we continue implementations of Major IT infrastructure. As always, we remained focused on cost control and continuous improvement initiatives which we will use to help offset these anticipated increases and headwinds. We anticipated that the construction impact from the room renovation projects we have underway will be flat year-over-year. In spite of these headwinds and as Mark stated earlier, we remain on track to meet or exceed our previously guided 2017 same-store adjusted EBITDAR of $2.221 billion. Moving to slide 18, we outline our cash positions by entity as of September 30 of this year. Post to margins, we will have approximately $2 billion of cash enterprise-wide and are now well positioned to invest in incremental growth opportunities. Our same-store capital spending is at its peak in 2017 with a high range estimate of $670 million as we continue to progress on our room renovation plans. Our capital expending estimates do not include any inorganic projects such as M&A or the development of the unused acreage we own on the Las Vegas trip. Well the 6,000 rooms we are renovating across the enterprise this year, about 4,500 of them are here in Las Vegas. By the end of the year, just under 1,200 of our Las Vegas rooms are approximately 50% well have been renovated since 2014. I’ll now turn it back to Mark for his closing comments.
Eric Hession: Yeah, the only thing I’d add Mark is that, as we’ve discussed, we do operate a relatively fixed cost business and we make a conscious effort to really try to control our costs as we go through the quarter. And so in a quarter where we had increased revenues as Mark referenced on the slot side, and also increased revenues on the hotel side, we were able to drop significant portion of that for the bottom line and the end result was a improved margin performance. And as we noted at the Investor Day last week, and as we’ve said consistently on the conference calls, moving forward we’ll continue to offset the inflationary pressures that we see and then do expect to continue to improve our margins.
Eric Hession: Yeah, I think that’s right Mark. It’s great that internet gaming was passed, so we’re excited about that. Tax rate was very much on the high side but it did impact so that was something that we’d be hoping for long time. And we’ll have to evaluate the package and its entirety before we make a conclusive statement one way or the other.
Eric Hession: Sure. So, yeah, the question regarding the VICI relationship and the other REITs is certainly something that we’ve been asked a few times. Right now we have a very good relationship with VICI. We’re obviously their largest and only tenant at this point. Going forward, we have relationship contractually basis where we will have a ROFO between any non-Las Vegas acquisition or development opportunity with them, and a similar back to us if they go and acquire anything. So from that standpoint, I think working with them and those opportunities make sense. That’s said, if they’re not competitive from the cost to capital perspective, then we’re certainly able to work with others or be able to rely on our own balance sheet and our own abilities to finance certain transaction. So, going forward, we’ll look at all available possibilities and make the best decision based on the facts as they present themselves.
Eric Hession: Sure. So, as you’re aware and everybody on the phone I believe as well, we did secure the financing for CRC, those bonds are currently in escrow and they’re waiting the final steps of approval that we need which is regulatory at this point. That we needed approval in three states New Jersey, Nevada and Louisiana. We believe that at this point will beyond schedules so that we’re able to close the transaction in November but that can certainly slip based on the variety of schedules. So, we think November to December is the likely time for that to come out of escrow and to ultimately close the financing. Regarding the comment on CEOC, that’s something we’ll have to evaluate as we go forward, and make an overall cost to capital perspective. I think further simplification would ultimately make sense and we’ll have to evaluate as we go forward and make an overall cost to capital perspective. I think further simplification would ultimately make sense and we’ll have to evaluate what the market conditions are, and the cost or benefit financially of emerging that entity into CRC but that’s something that could happen in 2018.
Eric Hession: Sure. We currently report based on credits as you’re aware with certain CGPH, CEOC, etcetera. And now that we’re out of restructuring and have a different capital structure, we feel that it’s more appropriate to report based on regions which is generally more consistent with how we manage the business. And so we’ll have three regions going forward, we’ll have the Las Vegas region, we’ll have the other region and the one of an international region. And so we think that’ll be more useful for when you’re comping against competitors and when you’re looking at the business and trying to evaluate the performance in the different areas.
Eric Hession: Yeah. We think that based on what we’re seeing in the business and the trajectory that we have that borrowing no further downward deviation from that, that we’ll still be able to achieve the projections that we had provided and be able to come in on those numbers despite the declines that we’ve seen after the tragedy.
Eric Hession: Yeah that’s correct. Again it’s still, at the point where we’re evaluating it continually we’re looking at the various paces for the different groups and the different segments including New Years and trying to estimate what the ultimate impact is going to be. But again, consistent with what we said there, the pace of the variance in bookings and cancellations has certainly declined.
Eric Hession: Yeah, sure, I’ll take them first up and see if Mark wants to add anything else. Yeah, the slot volumes that we’ve seen as well in Las Vegas have certainly been on the stronger side for a number of months now. I would also add that that’s consistent through the regional properties as well, as you saw our overall slots were up 4% which is some of the strongest growth we’ve had in a very long time. In terms of what’s driving that, we believe in a combination of things. Certainly our marketing efforts come into play as we refine and pull back on the marketing spend, we think that that’s translating into better ability to target certain customers and ultimately resulting in improved slot volumes. But I’d also have to say that the new units that we put on the floor in terms of the product seem to be resonating very well with the customers. And so I think that might have some of it to contribute as well. And then as you’ve seen from us and in the LVCVA statistics, the third quarter is generally a very strong quarter for the Las Vegas market. And as a result, we were able to charge higher rates for our hotel rooms and our gaming customers in order to get the complementary rooms, had to be at a higher status. So our VIP and VVIP trips were up 4% in the quarter on the year-over-year basis, so that translates directly into additional slots spend.
Eric Hession: Yeah, at this time we’re not providing an update to 2018 projections. We’ll evaluate whether we do that at a future time and we’ll likely also provide projections for our CapEx spend at that time.
Eric Hession: And the only thing I’d add, Ian, we always try to make sure that the expectations that we set our expectations that we as a team feel confident that we’re able to meet and exceed. And so, as we head into the fourth quarter, we didn’t want to provide projections that we would have risk at missing.
Eric Hession: Sure. Yes, it’s – we’ve been out of bankruptcy for less than a month, so, yeah, we have no deal to announce yet. But we’re actively working on it. As we mentioned, it’s certainly core to our strategy is to look for opportunities domestically and those could be tuck in acquisitions of a variety of size but it would be from a strategic attempts to distribute the total [inaudible] more. And also on the particular acquisition it would be from a getting a great return on that particular investment. So I would say that we’re very active, we’re out looking for opportunities, we’ll have to be disciplined and make sure that they fit with the strategy, but it’s certainly something that in 2018 we would actively expect to complete a number of transactions. I’d also say that we’ve mentioned previously our intends to work on a corporate centre on the east side land, subject to a variety of approvals that’s something that the management team really would like to do. And that takes time also to ramp up in terms of getting the permits, getting the approvals, working out the land [inaudible]. So those were the things that we’re pursuing right now. And you’re right, we have a significant amount of cash, we’re generating a lot of cash and from a capital allocation perspective, we’ll be reinvesting in the business, we’ll be growing the footprint, and then we’ll also be expanding and building on our land here in Las Vegas that we have vacant and available.
Eric Hession: We’re right now at about 25% convention mix, and that’s about the same maybe slightly higher than last year.
Eric Hession: Yeah, our pace is reasonably strong. We generally look at it from more on the revenue side because that includes both the banks and hotel component. But when we look at both the one year and the two year pace, we’re up mid-single digits versus prior year pacing, so we think that’s relatively solid and a good indicator of consistent growth within the market in that segment.
Eric Hession: Generally, our occupancies are very solid here and they don’t vary much. What varies more is the rate. I would expect that our occupancies in Las Vegas will be within a couple of hundred basis points of where they were prior year. I think if you’re going to see much of a variance that’ll be on the rate side. And so I wouldn’t expect a huge change in our occupancy of anything more than a couple of hundred basis points.
Eric Hession: Yeah, I guess I’ll make a couple of comments that, I mentioned that our VIP and VVIP trips were up solidly for the quarterly, up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. The spend for trip on the VVIP segment however was down. As we’ve mentioned some of the international play that we had during the quarter as down as well as the hold effect that we had, that occurred obviously from that particular segment. From an overall perspective, when you look at the entire company, our spend for trip though was up 4.5%, so it was really isolated to those few customers at the VVIP level. In terms of the fly end versus the drive-in traffic, we don’t usually segment it that way and really kind of look at it just based on the demand coming into Las Vegas. And as we mentioned, we felt it was a very strong quarter for both the drive-in and the fly end, RevPAR was up approximately 5% here in Las Vegas so it was a good quarter for that and that contributed a lot of the flow through that we saw in the quarter.
Eric Hession: Sure. So, yeah, we don’t usually break it down by the months. There is certainly volatility between the months which is really why, why we generally do that. If you have a weekend that could shift or a holiday that could shift something like that or in this case, we did have to fight at the beginning of the quarter that probably impacted the end of the second quarter. But overall, we mentioned Las Vegas was strong both on the core slot and gaming side and on the hotel side. The regional markets also had a very good quarter, particularly relative to the trends that we’ve been seeing for probably the last kind of five years. From an international perspective as you know, it’s not as big component of our business as it is with some of our peers, but we did have the negative hold for the quarter. That’s said, we are experiencing some very strong volume growth, particularly in our London properties and we just played unlucky for the quarter.
Eric Hession: Yeah, we’ve taken a big reduction in our marketing expenses since 2014. They were down about $250 million, a lot of that was in Las Vegas, we significantly reduced our marketing here but we also did it in the regional properties. And as we’ve indicated before, we believe that that’s the right decision and we’ll continue to press on that and continue to make efforts to reduce our marketing throughout the enterprise as we move forward. But the promotional allowance relative to our competitors, I think will generally be higher even in future years, and that’s because of the fact that we have the total awards database, and it really does feed valuable customers into our Las Vegas market. Our – as rates rise, we certainly do require gaming customers that otherwise would have received a free room to start paying a portion of that or pay the entire thing, but there is still going to be a large portion of our customers that are deserving out of free room and we’ll want those customers to stay with us because it is a higher return investment for us than selling the room for cash. And as a result, I think you will continue to see a higher mix in our casinos of gaming customers. And as a result, you’ll see a higher promotional allowance which is effectively the amount of comp rooms that we give out here in Las Vegas.
Eric Hession: I don’t know the answer to that Harry, are you talking like our corporate expenses or just our expenses in aggregate…
Eric Hession: Yeah, there is also going to be seasonality. So, in the second quarter you’ve got Atlantic City that that’s their up quarter and it trickles into the third quarter, so a disproportion of our spend would shift over there versus the other periods of the year, so that could have something to do with it as well.
Eric Hession: I’m not sure I’d necessarily characterize it that way. We, up to our guidance at the end of the second quarter and we made a full year kind of projection at that point and we’re sticking with that projection and giving indications that we can beat it. We did up at twice before then. There were definitely some headwinds associated with the terrorist or the attack, but at this point, we just feel like it’s prudent to stick with the guidance that we had and deliver a quarter in the fourth quarter that needs or exceeds it.
Mark Frissora: Yeah, and I would add that. All those things that were mentioned, it’s kind of equal across the board. I don’t know if we can say it’s one thing or the other. I do know that on the slot product refresh that we’ve done this year, it impacts I think roughly and correct me if I’m wrong Eric, something like 10% to 15% of our slot product. So it’s not like it’s replacing all of our slot product and that’s what’s driving it, I want to make sure you understand it’s – it is for the product we have for them for us to perform really, really well.
Mark Frissora: Yeah, I mean obviously we give you the best estimate we can every single time we come up and talk about, what the businesses are doing. So I think that in terms of pulling forward anything, there was nothing pulled forward at all, so we weren’t even thinking about that. So, I think we have a business plan that we’ve kind of come set on for next year, we kind of know what the primary drivers will be of our improvement in our business plan for next year, but not ready at this point, we hadn’t even talked to the board, we have to get board approval of our plan. And once we feel more solid about Vegas making sure that this doesn’t have a long-term impact obviously, the tragedy, we’ll obviously provide as much guidance as we can.
Mark Frissora: Well no, I guess, what I said was against our plan, we had planned to do actually better than we did last year on hold. And then the primary, one of the primary drivers, I mean there were several drivers but one of the primary one was definitely at London. So we get a lot of high [inaudible] facility there and that’s where we get most of our high [inaudible] and quite a bit of that during the quarter.
Mark Frissora: I think that, no, I would say if anything starting in April, we started getting incremental expenses on marketing started to do with our sales force initiatives. And that, was offset by the productivity things that we had in marketing. But in the first half, we look at labor expense and we look at marketing expense, we were right, actually better than plan and pretty much it was pretty tightly run. And third quarter again good labor productivity, marketing was pretty much flat which was part of the plan. So we felt the third quarter was, if anything from those two areas which represent close to, I would say $4.4 billion of the total spend that we have in the company. They were pretty good in the first half and in the third quarter, good but as not good as maybe in the – as it was in the first six months. So this must be something, we’ll investigate this and maybe something related to expense even with the bankruptcy, I don’t know, we had to look at it.
Mark Frissora: Well, thank you for attending the call. We appreciate the interest in the company and look forward to our – giving you a good report on our next earnings call. Good bye.
