Eric Hession: Sure. David why don’t I take a first part of it and Mark can jump in if he has anything there at the end. So as we mentioned, we're not providing any specific timeline for emergence, but we have outlined with three primary tasks that need to be completed. There are other smaller ones, but speaking at a high level, we need to complete the regulatory approval process, which requires certain approvals in variety of jurisdictions that we operate in. That process is underway and moving forward. We also have to complete the merger of CACQ and CZR, that process is also underway. And then finally, we need to complete the financing associated with the CMBS structure on the PropCo side and then the OpCo financing. That's also underway. In terms of providing specific guidance each three of those activities have certain steps and requirements and we're not providing direction at this point. However, as we said we anticipate that this summer we would hope that all three would be completed and we'd be able to emerge from bankruptcy. Regarding your second question on the rest of the capital structure. Yes, we've had great performance over the last two years at both CERP and CGP given the performance of those entities, the cash flow generation that we made and the increased EBITDA, the leverage of those facilities has come down. The current market dynamics, I think would indicate that it would be respectable to refinancing those facilities and should the market performance sustain and our performance sustain and we look to refinance those at some point in the future and take advantage of the lower interest rates to improve our cash flow.
Eric Hession: Yes, we continued David. As you seen to outpace the market, we believe that’s due to a number of different factors predominantly as you called out the improvement of our asset in terms of the quality through the room renovations relative to our competitors. We still believe there is signification gap between our competitors from an equal let’s a peer brand perspective and where our properties are focused. When we look at online customer feedback from online travel sites are property still score lower than do applicable peer competitors and we believe a large driver of that is due to the quality of the product and as we improve that quality not only are we able to increase our price, but we're also able to attract that customer direct book with us, which is you know the cheaper way to effect the booking. So we're still optimistic that there's room in that segment.
Eric Hession: Okay. Sure. So from a margin standpoint we did have a few favorable items in the fourth quarter and particular we had some corrections associated with our bad debt that and then we also had a favorable true up from our medical cruel as you know we have a program in place where we try to balance the employees medical benefits and programs where employees get three months throughout the year and that’s reduced our inflation expectations associated with the cost of medical care. So it’s a great program before the employees and from a financial standpoint it has to with managing the medical care. So that’s being reflected in these results. Going forward, as I mentioned there are some cost pressures but we have initiatives in place to offset those we’re very aggressive with our business process improvement. Mark mentioned we now have 50 Green or Black belts trained each property has these individuals deployed towards continuing to drive improvements at the property level and then macro level we undertake corporate initiatives to introduce technology across the enterprise that all further help offset this inflationary pressure. So we feel that there is still margin improvements to go and plan to deliver that during 2017.
Eric Hession: Yes, absolutely Mark. And then to finalize an on your second question related to Ohio. From an accounting perspective we brought the $83.5 million that we received as revenue. However because it's one time nature we excluded from adjusted EBITDA. So what you will see is that had a negative impact of about 100 basis point on our consolidate margin. Because obviously the denominator are higher and the [indiscernible] and was reflected as a positive contribution to operating income as that the appropriate gap trained.
Eric Hession: So yes, I mentioned there are some opportunities. At this point, we're not ready to commit one way or the other. We will have to evaluate market conditions. We’ll evaluate the timing and will also evaluate what the optimum capital structure is in a post-merger world. What we also have to keep in mind is that we don't want to take action to quickly end up with a capital structure that isn't optimal from a long-term perspective. So we have to balance all those needs. But rest assured we're looking at all aspects of the capital structure and trying to optimize the future, so that we end up with the lowest cost of capital possible from a debt perspective.
Eric Hession: Yes, I think that’s right Mark. The takeaway I would say is that there really hasn’t been a shift from the trends that we've observed the regional markets haven't been all that robust and in certain instances, there are definitely pockets of weakness due to regional economic considerations, and Vegas has been quite strong particular in the hotel side, all last year and we really don't see any reason to believe that that's going to change from a hotel demand perspective throughout 2017.
Eric Hession: Sure. Chad, you are right that the large swings in CapEx and why we provide a sizable ranges due to the timing associated with these major projects. As you are aware the spending curves associated with them are oftentimes difficult to project plus we will sometimes have delays caused either by identification of some construction aspect that we need to take more time to figure out or timing associated with something that we didn't anticipate. So we try to build in a range to account for this and you saw some of that in 2016 where our certain projects would flow over into 2017 either more or less than we had anticipated. As Mark mentioned, we have significant renovation underway at Planet Hollywood, Caesars Palace here and we're gearing up to start in the middle of the year another Hotel Tower at Harrah's Las Vegas. That was very successful last year in terms of the renovation. We have hotel renovations currently underway at Harrah's Atlantic City and in Southern Indiana. Planet Hollywood, the renovation started last year in September and we're continuing right through to June and when we're completed with that it will be a total of 2,200twenty rooms and that will be fully renovated for the whole property. So we feel very good about that property. Caesars will be in great shape and then Harrah's will also have two of its three towers completely renovated. The areas where we’ll then start to turn the focus would be Flamingo. We do plan to start some room renovations there later in the year. We're also contemplating a Bally's tower renovation on the large tower at Bally's and those will be the next areas that we focus as we move through 2017.
Eric Hession: Yes, I think that’s right as you knows from falling the company for a longtime we tried to be very targeted and mathematical with respect to our approach we made some fairly large enhancements to our ability to do that a couple of years ago and played a sizable impact in our performance, in our improved margins going up to this point. We continue to make advancements in these areas and as you know we're highly data intensive. Mark mentioned some of the machine learning capabilities that were rolling out, a lot of ads focused in the margin marketing area allowing for improved customer valuation ability and improved targeting in terms of direct mail. We also have enhanced sort order for customer contact for example that's driven by one of those algorithm and those are all really starting to play in terms of being able to either market more efficiently improve our response rates or to reduce cost through the efficiency associated with those marketing activities.
Eric Hession: Yes, I'd only add to that we're also targeting some of the nontraditional investments when you look at what our offerings are. So we've launched some of the skill based games. Throughout the company, we're very aggressive and trying to put those on the floor and test with them. We're also introducing various carnival games. We're also putting inside beds and recently for example we did a Oculus lounge here at Caesars Palace. So we're trying to come up with new technology and introducing it to the floor in a variety means, not just from a gambling perspective, but also from an entertainment perspective to either drive trial, people coming to the property or to increase visitation.
Eric Hession: Sure. If you're specifically talking about the Ohio one-time benefits, that was $83.5 million basically cash receipt. We booked it as revenue for the quarter, so you'll see that reflected in our revenue numbers. We seem that to be one-time in nature. Therefore, from our adjusted EBITDA perspective, we did not include it. So our adjusted EBITDA from our perspective is an accurate measure in terms of year-over-year performance relative to that particular adjustment. I'm not sure if you're asking about others as well, but we did at the CEOC level we did see growth on a year-over-year basis.
Mark Frissora: Yes, now just to add that now we understand index and we look at it every week on where we're under indexed and why but we also aren't completed with renovation projects we announced in this call there will around 7,000 rooms which is more than last year and there's probably a couple more years of those type projects those kinds of numbers ahead of us in order for us to get our product aftermarket parity. So we feel good that - we were good at this it's a very low risk kind of investment when you refer to room and you get immediate profit the moment you open it up and keep it out of service from anywhere from three months to four months and then you get a nice lesson very high ROI. So we think we've got a lot of runway yet to work this.
Mark Frissora: We also have a lot of headwinds in the board quarter and I want to make sure pull those out and talk about as well. The construction disruption was probably at least $5 million for us in the quarters. So that was a headwind with offset in addition of that we had issues again with power outages which are actually very costly during wrong time a year. I had a couple of just shut down the entire place, entire casino. Those were millions of dollars as well. So there were number of regional issues that I think we are more or less related to the economy of those by all post-regions and of course the smoking ban continues we thin have some kind of impact to one of our best properties which is in the Orleans. Those things are all [indiscernible] come in the quarter.
Mark Frissora: The project that we have in Incheon Korea is still alive and well, and we replaced this last year with a new partner that was a great switching partnerships and they've been very helpful for us and continuing to move the ball down the road. So we continue to move towards an execution facility, architectural drawings are done and we’re like I said moving forward on the timeline is given by the government. In terms of Japan, I was in Washington and had a chance to see Prime Minister Abe and of course talked about Caesars interest in Japan. We've been working on Japan for 10 years. So we've been in the hunt. We think we've got a very good position there because we have the opportunity actually be the only one represented that's not in Macau and as you know the Japanese and Chinese sometimes look to our advantage, given the relationships of the two countries. And Japan, we believe things were actually in a good place as a resolve that. Toronto is something that we are talking about right now, but that's something that we're certainly involved in and - but all these projects are as you know if you get into them a very confidential so, but we are working on number of development projects around the world and we're excited with the emergence bankruptcy to be able to do that in a way that's a little bit less bureaucratic and what we had to do before, which is kind of work with each entity in order to get anything approved and we have a lot of things back, but it will be nice to get out and be able to openly talk about lot of these projects and be able to fund them in the future.
Mark Frissora: I think that we’re more of the same kind of in terms of our progress and marketing efficiency and operational efficiency. As it relates to revenue growth, we have a number of customer entanglement initiatives where we have figured out ways with our data analytic team to figure out how to engage existing customers more fully than we do. And the customers in our business model have a tendency to float around a lot. They're not as low as you like them to be and being able to entangle your existing customers get a higher share of wallet can be meaningful. And so we have a number of initiatives in our tied to machine learning that we're doing, something that’s core here at this Company when the best in class total rewards program, customer relationship management programs and we're using that sophistication to again, get more customer involvement in the former revenue.
Mark Frissora: Yes. As we said earlier I would say that trends are generally consistent with what we've seen certainly having the renovated rooms does appeal to the leisure segment, but it also helps us with our bookings. So when we're trying to book a convention they like to be able to observe the room quality and be able to see that we have a fresh offering. The convention business is a bit more volatile will have certain peaks and values for example as Mark referenced in March there's a huge convention coming that comes every three years that are certainly provided boost to the city. We see the convention business remaining strong as leisure business. On the casino side also room renovations that we've seen have appealed well to those customers that come a few times a year and stay with us that we're getting great responses that a number of the properties and so when with us they tend to play more if they're staying in a higher quality room. So that helps as well.
Mark Frissora: We’ve a lot runway on food and beverage for example I think that we invested in some executive talent in that area last year and trying to standardize our food and beverage offerings trying to learn best practices from around the enterprise you believe it or not we haven't done a lot of that we have focused as much on hospitality in food and beverage has some of the other competitors have. So we think that’s opportunity for us to grow as we help ourselves in terms of getting standards that certain properties already hit. Vegas as a very strong line up and we keep introducing along The LINQ promenade a lot of new tenants that we think are marquee and helping build traffic there on The LINQ promenade as well.
Mark Frissora: I mean it's hard to predict what competitors are going to do you know on a given day. When they come into a new market and oftentimes they have to promote heavily first get share that conscript the whole market if other people compete and they try to actually you know stop that share loss. So when you introduce new competitors in a market that's a difficult one to talk about if you take the place like Las Vegas, which right now anyways today and maybe not two or three years now, but today we have a pretty much stable universe, it seems like that’s worked out really well. We continue to reduce our marketing reinvestment dollars and we continue to gain share. And so we feel very good about up to the Las Vegas that’s about 66% - 67% of our total EBITDA. When we look at outside of there and we go into some of the regional markets if you stay a case by case and some cases people or rational more rational other they aren’t add to that. Feel free.
Mark Frissora: I think it’s clear for us that we need to continue to reinvest in our stock products that along with some of the room product we were behind on and we put more capital work there. Last year, a little bit more capital. This is year, to say it’s more significant. So we continue to reinvest in our slot product and we think that will obviously help drive growth and make us competitive and there's a lot of and start benefits from it as well. So I think there's again when you look at runway and earnings power I think as we continue to reinvest in the floor with new product that's going to be helpful for us to.
Mark Frissora: It is correct and it's also are very relevant. We take that into consideration. As you know, we put out numerous 10-K's into 10-Q's that certainly consumes resources, it consumes expense. We have two listing fees et cetera. There is no question that post emergence when we simplify the capital structure we will reduce expenses associated with just the general complexity of the capital structure. From an interest rate perspective, as I mentioned, we’re are in constant discussions with banks and advisors and exploring various possibilities in terms of the optimum capital structure, we would air on simplicity. However, to the extent that that's not the optimal way to finance or restructure from an interest rate perspective, the Company we considered something else.
