Eric Hession: Carlo, this is Eric. I would echo your comments that, in general, we believe that the environment in Las Vegas is quite solid. It does have volatility between quarters, as Joyce mentioned, due to shifting holidays and different events. But broadly speaking, we're seeing very good traction on the group side. We're also seeing solid demand from the FIT side and the transient side. As you saw, our occupancies were up 250 basis points to 95%. So there's clearly demand coming in for the hotel and the hotel side. As we look into Q2, we currently have approximately 150,000 non-group room nights on the books, more than the same time last year. So we continue to experience strong hotel demand and believe that, that will translate itself into incremental food and beverage and gaming demand. The patterns for the year continue to be relatively strong. And I think, in general, we are certainly, as a company, more bullish on Las Vegas than I think the overall perception of certainly some in the investing community.
Eric Hession: Yes. That's exactly right. We feel that the efforts we started in the fourth quarter and certainly it carried through into the first and second quarter, have performed quite well. You can see the evidence in the occupancy as a headline number, but it -- you'll also see increases in food and beverage and other ancillary spend. We also think that it's better from a risk management perspective because if there are shifts in the economy or we don't anticipate certain gaps from an entertainment perspective having that room nights on the books earlier in the bookings cycle, certainly, we believe, is a better strategy and do anticipate continuing that throughout the course of the year.
Eric Hession: Yes. We're continually evaluating our various marketing campaigns. We do a lot of test and control, and we make efforts to really identify the elasticity of a particular customer or customer segment so that we can tailor the marketing reinvestment to those customers. We were successful in reducing our overall marketing spend for the company despite having slightly higher marketing spend in Las Vegas due to the increased comp expense. But overall, we were continuing to reduce marketing. We're now below that 20% level, when in 2014, if you remember back, we were around 24%. So we successfully cut it by 400 basis points. There is some technology that we have coming. We recently enacted sales force, which as we continue to put that into production phase and use it for more campaigns, that will help us to do even a better job with respect to the targeted marketing.
Eric Hession: Sure. We, as you know, the different states have different rules and opportunities to accept sports betting. In New Jersey, we currently have both sports betting at the properties and also online. We're finding good uptake online, and we're also finding that those online customers when they sign up on sports betting are also shifting over into our other online products. So it's a good acquisition tool. For the property betting, we haven't opened our permanent sportsbooks yet. We're opening one on the boardwalk in the middle part of this year. And once those happen, we expect to see much larger increases in terms of the bets taken at the properties. That coincides with similar reaction to what we're seeing in the Mississippi sportsbooks. Those sportsbooks are definitely driving traffic to the properties. Our nongaming beverage and food spend is up, particularly during events where you have high concentration of sports betting people in the properties. But those are proving to be traffic drivers. And then as we mentioned in our remarks, we're very optimistic about the other new states that are either pending with legislation or are currently debating it that ultimately this will be a great traffic driver for our casinos in the regional markets.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. I would think at this point, our guidance from a free cash flow perspective is the same as it was in prior periods. The improvement in our EBITDA through the cost-cutting will add marginally to that. But our target is to still have roughly $1 billion of free cash flow in the 2021 period, and it'll ramp up considerably starting next year once the CapEx spend for our convention center slows down in the early part of next year.
Eric Hession: Yes, we are not seeing much of a change right now unfortunately in terms of the competitive environment in Atlantic City. The first quarter and the fourth quarter are the low seasons in terms of the demand to the city and that certainly impacted us considerably. We are anticipating much stronger demand in the summer months. And as you saw in the third quarter last year, we performed quite well despite the competition, but from a reinvestment perspective, it's still quite high. We have modified our strategy a little bit as we headed out of the first quarter, and as we're entering the second quarter, we've increased our investment modestly. As a portfolio, we were investing about 300 basis points behind the rest of the market and we felt that it was a suboptimal from an EBITDA perspective and so we increased that slightly.
Eric Hession: Yes. Harry, this is Eric. I would say that March was certainly a good month for us. I think it could be a combination of the pent-up demand that you mentioned from the shutdowns and the weather in February, but also the tax returns came in from the federal government and really hit -- accelerated into that March period. So either way, the conclusion was correct that the quarter for us improves in that March period. And then April has kind of continued to be reasonably solid relative to the prior year periods.
Eric Hession: Yes, it was in the first quarter, Shaun. And in addition to just the union contract, we had some other headwinds, such as our 401(k) that we mentioned earlier and some medical costs that affected the broad employee base as well. But all of that compounded, we were successfully able to offset it as you saw a reasonably good flow-through in the company in aggregate in the first quarter.
Eric Hession: I think it's market-by-market in the Midwest. There's certainly labor pressure as well, but a lot of it is stemming from -- basically a lack of labor. We're having difficulty finding great talent in a lot of these markets and as a result, that pushes up the price of labor, but it is very market specific.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. So, we really only take the ultrahigh-end international business here at Caesars Palace. We get a little bit of crossover play at Paris, but it's predominantly a Caesars Palace effect. We generally have between 15% and 20% market share in that big box number in Las Vegas. And so it's -- I believe, it's a little less than some of our peers because we only offer that product really here at Caesars. Broadly speaking, I would say that it's -- customers both came with less frequency and then also when they were here, they spent less. So it was both effects and it was kind of throughout that first quarter and even into the second quarter to some degree. However, I would say, in the second quarter, there's just not as much concentration normally so it doesn't have as big an impact.
Eric Hession: Yes. I don't have the quarterly fluctuations of the baccarat play. I think the best thing to do would be to look at the LVCVA or the gaming board reports and you can see what the market does and we generally trend with the market because it does tend to come over holiday periods. So from that standpoint, that's probably the best answer. And then in terms of our expectation for the full year, our view companywide was that our performance in this first quarter was generally right on kind of where our expectations were. So we haven't varied any of our full year projections at this point.
Eric Hession: Yes. I think, you have to look at it market-by-market. In general, where we do have good evidence as to what others are investing, we tend to be slightly below, I mentioned in Atlantic City, that one's probably the -- has the best disclosure from a state perspective as in terms of what everybody spends, and so that's the best evidence that we have. On a tax rate adjusted margin perspective, we also tend to run on the regional markets kind of right in line with some of the peers. It tends to be more driven by whether you have a hotel and your table gaming component, however, since those are really the labor drivers in those regional markets. And then, as you know, we do lead the strip fairly considerably now in terms of margin relative to the destination here in Las Vegas.
Eric Hession: Yes. For the first portion of that question, the reason we're reporting the cash CapEx and also referencing the GAAP definition is because of the Korea project. We consolidate that from a GAAP perspective and what we were finding was that it was -- and both analysts and investors were asking a lot of questions and having some confusion about how that impacts our actual cash flow. So the way the project works is that our partners and Caesars invest capital, and we're going to be raising debt financing. So the amount of cash impact to us is what we wanted to highlight to investors. So that was -- it was meant to try to provide some clarity as to our actual cash deployment. In terms of the project itself, as you know, this is a development project in Korea. We have to secure financing. We have to get agreements and have the project come on budget, and so there's always risk associated with any project of that type, and so we just wanted to highlight that as well.
Eric Hession: I think, we are always trying to improve the way that we can market to customers. I think that it would be unrealistic to assume that we can continue the same pace of change that we made over the last 4 years. We did change fairly dramatically the amount that we were giving back to the customers. As we mentioned in Atlantic City as an example, we believe that we can make slight -- more money by slightly increasing our investment to certain segments relative to where our competition is. So, not all of our efforts are designed towards reducing modeling. There is a balance; it just tends on that to be down. Certainly, the technology that we have coming out is going to be able to enhance that. We also have some greater insights into how customers react to the marketing changes that we'll be able to roll out. And so you should expect to continue to see improvement along these lines, but it won't be at the same pace that it was for the last 3 years.
Eric Hession: No. We don't think that there's anything specifically like there was with the hotel rooms. You can always improve your properties' food and beverage and you can always improve the appearance of the floor and add new slot machines and we try to do that on a measured basis. Right now, we think that we're in a good situation where the continued spending of around that $500 million a year mark is sufficient to maintain all of the properties. We'll be evaluating that and having discussions with Tony as to what the expectations are going forward. And there may be opportunities to invest more into certain markets where customers are willing to spend more with us in return for enhanced capital.
