Eric Hession: Thanks, Anthony. During the first quarter of 2023, we delivered a dramatic improvement in the performance of our Digital segment versus the prior year. Our business nearly broke-even during the quarter on $238 million of net revenues versus a $554 million EBITDA loss in last year, which was impacted by significant brand-related spending and state launches in New York and Louisiana. Our performance this quarter clearly demonstrates the effectiveness of our targeted promotional investment within our existing customer base as well as customers located in the new states that we launched this quarter, Ohio and Massachusetts. I'm pleased with the progress we have delivered over the last 12 months. Our net revenues continue to increase significantly as we launch new states, grow and retain our existing customer base and continue to deliver exciting product improvements. On that front, we will be executing three significant tech enhancements to our platform during the remainder of the year. First starting early in the third quarter, we will be launching a new standalone iCasino app this exciting addition to our product offering will allow us to drive better customer engagement through a dedicated application with a focus on increased game content, which will include new proprietary offerings and improved marketing capabilities. Second, we expect to begin testing our in-house player account management system later this year, which will ultimately lead to a shared wallet that we anticipate rolling out in 2024. And finally, we expect to migrate all of our operations in Nevada to our Liberty tech stack ahead of the 2023 football season. From an EBITDA perspective, our net revenues are now at a scale where we are able to roughly breakeven and cover the costs of our proprietary technology. We expect that our year-over-year net revenues will continue to grow each quarter. And given the effectiveness of our expense management plan will drive extremely high flow-through on each incremental dollar. From an expansion standpoint, after our most recent launches in Q1, we now offer sports betting in 30 North American jurisdictions, 22 of which we offer mobile wagering. And in addition, we offer iCasino in five jurisdictions. I'll now pass the call over to Bret for some additional comments.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. From the highest perspective, when you think about the current app that we have, somebody goes on the app store, searches for Caesars and they see the Caesars Sportsbook. And they get that if they want to play the Casino or the Sportsbook. So they download the Sportsbook. They sign up for the Sportsbook. Then they go find the button that takes them to the casino and then they can start playing the casino. The next time they go and log on again to the app, it takes them to the Sportsbook and then they have to click through to go to the casino. So it's a fine experience for somebody who's predominantly a Sportsbook player who then likes to dabble or play some of the casino side. But for somebody who's a primary casino customer or somebody who likes to play a little bit of Sportsbook but mostly casino, they want to see the Casino app and they want to go right into the homepage where the casino games are that they can start engaging with. So at the highest level, you're going to attract a customer that, quite frankly, is very more akin to what our casinos are, which is somebody who likes to come in, play slots, likes to see their favorite game and then start playing. And so we're going to be able to deliver that. In terms of the incremental functionality that we're going to get, we'll have a newly designed lobby so that it will be much easier for our team to move the games around, to prioritize them, to make them -- to advertise them based on whether they're new or there's a promotion going on, we'll be able to have some much enhanced real-time marketing capabilities. So we'll be able to do some trigger-based responses to customers, which is something that we're not able to do right now. And then the general appearance and the speed of the app will be greatly enhanced. So overall, it's going to provide a much better experience for that customer that currently, we're unable to provide the product that they want because it's somewhat buried in the Sportsbook.
Eric Hession: Yes. I would say, in general, the customers that we have tend to skew younger and tend to skew more male on the Sportsbook app. And then what that translates to on the casino side is a higher percentage of table games business, which is great. We like that. But what we're missing is that core slot customer. And so when you think about the business that we have here with the regional players and the hub-and-spoke model with respect to Vegas, that core slot player is really valuable on the casino side. And so we think that by giving that customer an option to go directly into the app, we'll be able to provide them with something that's more in line with what they're expecting from their experience. And so to answer your question directly, I think it's going to attract a higher percentage of the slot customer, which is our core customer from the land-based perspective.
Tom Reeg: Yes, 3Q is probably a coin flip as to whether or not we are slightly positive or slightly negative as you allude to. There's a lot of -- basically, you have a lot of pre-football season spend, and you only got about three NFL weeks to work against that. I would also tell you, though, that if you had asked me the same question 90-days ago about the quarter that we were in or the quarter that we're in now, we continue to beat our internal expectations. So I'm cautiously optimistic that we could have seen our last negative quarter.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I think that's a great way to put it. I think second quarter is a -- we're going to be very pleased if we match what we did last year. It's -- we remain exceedingly strong. If you look at the next 90-days of our occupancy forecast, which is what we've got the most confidence in at any given point, you're still looking at mid-90s occupancy on the strip at healthy rates. But the -- you're not going to repeat the -- or we feel much better about the utility situation that we had last year in the third quarter and then the fourth quarter, you've got Formula One, which we think will be a significant boost to that quarter. So I'd say something similar to last quarter, second -- or last year's second quarter and then growth in the second-half is a good place to be.
Tom Reeg: Nothing that's material enough to impact us that we'd want to discuss. We see in various markets. It depends who our competitors are, what the market looks like. You've seen some remained disciplined. Others, not. The -- sadly, one of the statements I can make Caesars used to be the bad actor in a lot of these markets and isn't anymore. So we feel very good about the current environment.
Tom Reeg: So those are -- you're hitting on the main contributors. The chief driver of the change has been what we've done on the promo and branding side, I think promo as a percent of handle for the quarter was around 1.25%, which is dramatically lower than our peers. Our cost of acquisition has come down considerably. Ohio as a new launch state for us was EBITDA positive in March, so month three post-launch. So we're really feeling good about the way that we're running the business and how we're positioned. Matt and iGaming has done a great job of continuing to build that business off of the current platform, but we really think the opportunity there starts in earnest beginning of third quarter when we launch the new iCasino app.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I think you've seen Vegas as a market do a fantastic job of continuing to add events. And in the case of sports franchises or Formula One that bring a significantly more valuable customer to the market. So if I look at Vegas now, all of us are pretty full, I listened to Bill and team yesterday, congratulations to them, they had a fantastic quarter as well. But we're all doing well here. Occupancy rates are quite high. And so yes, it's natural to say, how do you get better? Well, you get better by up-tiering the average customer that is coming to the market. And that's what you can see in our own microcosm of the market in Caesars, where what's happened in our business over the last three years is both the expense discipline, but also a better average customer. And you see the raiders come to town. You see Formula One. You see us gaining share as a market in the group business. The people that come to see those, to see Formula One, the A, has just announced a couple of weeks ago, tend to be a better average customer. So you're bringing in higher-value customers and we're already full, so you're kicking out the lowest end. I see no reason that, that needs to stop or would stop. This market has done great job over the 30-years I've been involved in and around gaming. And continuing to add reasons for people to come, continuing to add capacity and continuing to add to the average customer that shows up here. We all know that back in our parents' day, it was a very different market, low value, you get stake in lobster for a couple of bucks. Now you're talking about one of the best food and beverage scenes in the world, among the best sports and entertainment experiences in the world and continually adding to that. We are working to continue to add to that, MGM, Wynn, Sands, they're all working to up-tier what we're offering to customers. And then the market as a whole -- I've got to give credit to Steve Hill at LVCVA, he was the driver of bringing Formula One here, and it's going to be huge for the market. So the nice thing about -- we all like to stand back to back, see who's tallest in this market and argue about that, but we do work together well to make sure that this market continues to expand. And I think it's foolish to bet that, that 30-year cycle is all of a sudden going to be over a quarter from now.
Tom Reeg: Yes, so I'm talking about a three-year time horizon, right. So end of ‘25, we're not typically talking about that type of time horizon on a call like this. So is it possible in that three years, you have a cyclical downturn. Yes, sure. So do you want equivalent and say $5 billion might be $4.75 billion, all right, I'll give you that. That's $1 a share on that free cash flow number. You're talking about a company here that has been levered for a very long time, before we ever got here and then post-merger. And I see a path to where lease-adjusted leverage is less than 4 times, conventional leverage is less than 3 times, and we're spinning out over $12 a share of free cash flow. Quite frankly, if you want to say, gee, I think it will be $10 or $11 instead of $12, I think that still looks good against the stock that's at $44.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So I'd say March was -- I told you on the last call, I think we could have an all-time record in March. It was an all-time record for us, so regional and Vegas were strong. April, you had a negative calendar shift that we get back in June. So I'd expect that you should see -- or you should expect to see that roll through the numbers. But generally speaking, we are continue -- seeing continued strength across the portfolio.
Tom Reeg: So the front of our property is definitely disrupted, there's a top golf and the public under construction, and we redid our Portico share. But despite that, we're seeing significant momentum in Pompano generally. If I had to point to our stars as we sit here right now today, Pompano and Reno jumped out at me in the last 30-days or so. What you're going to see out of Pompano in terms of that JV, we've, finally, thankfully work through all of the local approvals required. We're moving dirt to track is closed. Grandstands coming down. So you're going to see a lot of development activity there over the next 12 to 24 months. There is cash in the JV. We would expect to be -- if there is any capital required from the JV partners, it's already in the JV. To your point, we're probably closer to where cash starts to come out of the JV, but I don't think that's a ‘23 event. I think that's ‘24 or ‘25. But we're particularly pleased that has taken far longer than we anticipated when we originally announced it. I don't typically announce something and say, get excited six years from now, but I thought it was going to happen much quicker than that, but we're now right on the cusp of where that's going to drive not only the cash flow into the JV that's going to allow distribution. But as importantly, for us, the traffic to the property that's going to continue the momentum that we've seen over the last quarter or two.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So we're an $11 billion revenue company, plus or minus. If you look back to the crisis, ‘08, you're talking about an 8% hit to that number. So call it, $800 million in a GFC-type scenario. I'd expect about 50% of that flows through. So in that scenario, I think your $400 million of EBITDA that's at risk. I don't personally see a GFC-type scenario coming. I think based on what we can see, if there's a slowdown, it should be relatively shallow. In those numbers, particularly in Las Vegas, you had a massive supply increase into the financial crisis that doesn't occur here. So I'd be thinking more along the lines of half of that $800 and $400 as kind of what I see sitting here today as our balance sheet risk in a normal cyclical downturn.
Tom Reeg: I mean, I'd say they're all challenging. This has been quite an experience over the last 18 months in terms of building this business from zero. Feel really good about where we are today. I would say, I'm cognizant that I've been talking about iCasino for a while, and we have not turned. So I would look at that as that's the one where I understand we've got to show it to you. But given what's required there in terms of what we need to do and the leadership that we now have in place in that vertical, I think that's also where we can surprise you to the upside over that three-year time frame.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So the numbers I gave you don't include any real estate activity. So if we win New York, if VICI exercises its call on Centaur as it has indicated that it is going to, that's upside from those numbers that I've given you both from a leverage and free cash flow perspective.
Tom Reeg: We want to migrate to more of our own games. That's part of what moving to our new app and ultimately our PAM allows us to do. And I would say we are more of a builder versus a buyer, but that could change tomorrow if we see something attractive.
Tom Reeg: Yes. That's a fair question, Shaun. It's not a simple question. We think that it's important that we continue to delever, because that's a limiting factor in terms of investor acceptance of the story. We're also cognizant that the track record of buying in this sector is kind of rough. If I pay down debt, it's a certain outcome in terms of what I'm doing. I have money that I owe that I no longer owe. As you go into buying your stock, you're subject to the wins of the macro, which has been the story in this space for the last 18 months. But there certainly is a point with leverage where you should expect that in addition to continuing to pay down debt that there's a return of capital element to our free cash flow story. And you're talking about '24, which would be somewhere around the midpoint of the time frame that I laid out in terms of expectations, that's probably a pretty good guess.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I mean, first of all, our expectations are built into those broader expectations. As you've seen in the quarter, we're doing quite well. We've been doing quite well for a while, Vegas is now at $2.1 billion market. Northern Nevada for us is over $0.25 billion of EBITDA per year. We built those results on our frontline employees so they deserve to sharing it. We've got a contract that is up at the end of this month. I would expect with everybody in the market, you're going to see a short-term extension in terms of getting to a final deal, but you're going to see a significant raise for our frontline workers and they deserve it. And that's in our -- in the numbers that I laid out in terms of expectations.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'd say short answer is no. We've got nothing for sale today. Don't expect to have anything for sale anytime soon. That said, as I've told you before, effectively as a public company, everything is for sale every day, so you don't know what you'll be approached with. But back to Shaun's question, as you get to the point leverage-wise, where we feel comfortable, next year in addition to a return of capital element, you start to think about the ability to become offensive in M&A, which obviously is a little more complex at our size, but we've driven a whole lot of shareholder value through M&A in the past. And I don't think we're very far from where we would see -- where we would flip to maybe looking offensively there versus kind of neutral, maybe something shows up, maybe it doesn't, but that would be in the calculus of what are you doing with your free cash flow as well.
Tom Reeg: Yes, it's exciting to see this market continue to develop. The -- we welcome the announcement. Similar to Bill's remarks yesterday. It's important to us that their coming is done in a manner that doesn't unnecessarily tax the county or have taxes that eventually get passed on to our customers. So we think there's wood to chop there, but we are thrilled at the idea of the A's coming to town. It provides another reason for customers to come and visit the market, and we're going to get our share of those customers.
Tom Reeg: I mean, this is a pretty unique project. We've got a tower that can be absorbed into a property that has higher room rate -- considerably higher room rate, considerably higher spend out of those rooms. And it has rooms that are existing that face the fountains across the street at Bellagio that have no windows. So what we can do here is a simple upgrade in terms of the rate that those rooms will get and then create on that side facing the strip, probably some of our most attractive non-villa product in the market. And it's very easy to run the numbers and see the returns there are quite strong. I'll tell you, there has yet to be a capital project with the returns of this one that took more than 30 seconds for us to approve. You're going to see us upgrade Flamingo in terms of its food and beverage, particularly its strip frontage. Food and beverage, but you're not talking about even the quantum of spend that you're talking about at Paris and Bally's. So I think there's a few one-off opportunities that are high ROI, but the great thing about our portfolio on the strip is it's all right at mid-field, right, at the 50-yard line. And the demand for that location is exceedingly strong and has been better than a generation. So we feel very good, and there's not a ton of capital necessary to maintain that beyond what we've done historically, but there are some interesting projects that can be additive.
Tom Reeg: So on the brand, Stephen, let me tell you to wait for about 60-days and to have a further answer on that. But I like the way that you think. And then on Caesars Rewards, we've talked about play that was generated new to the enterprise through digital, into brick-and-mortar or reactivated customers. The last time we told you that number, it was about $200 million on an annual basis. Without getting into a specific number, I'd tell you, it's more than 50% larger than that today.
Tom Reeg: No. I mean there is a contributing factor in what happens in the brick-and-mortar, the digital part of both, directly and indirectly, but there's nothing needs to happen that isn't already happening or on the horizon in terms of the projects.
Tom Reeg: All right. Thank you, Stephen. With that, I'm going to let everybody go. Thanks for your time and attention. We'll talk to you next quarter.
