Tom Reeg: Thanks, Bret. So we've got some exciting projects coming online. As Anthony said, we've got a lot of our Atlantic City capital comes online before the summer season and then some of the restaurant stuff over the summer. We've got Lake Charles hitting in the fourth quarter this year. We're in the midst, we did we just did open the expansion of Horseshoe Indianapolis. We've got a similar project going at Harrah's Hoosier Park in Indianapolis. So we've got capital projects that will start contributing that have been drains on us in the past. We think we can continue to execute on basic operations, both digital and brick-and-mortar, and significantly reduce our debt over the next several quarters. Back to the key point, the key takeaway, I know there's a lot of concern about what's going on with the consumer what's going to happen around the corner. I can't stress enough that this business, particularly in Vegas right now is operating and generating as much cash as it ever has. So we feel very good about the balance of the year. And with that, I'll open it up to questions. Operator, ready to take any questions.
Tom Reeg: Yes. And Carlo, obviously that'll do. We have got an Ohio launch in front of us, that would be the only launch that I can think of that would have significant costs surrounding it. And so how we come out of the box in Ohio will be a governing factor in terms of where we would be, but that's the rights we’ve got.
Tom Reeg: So I would say leaving aside the Rio, you should expect to group room night mix in a normal world would be north of 15% for us somewhere between 15 and 20. As you remove Rio from the equation, you'll have that will creep up slightly the big group at Rio is World Series of Poker, which is coming to the strip this summer. So that's already shifting as we speak to that.
Tom Reeg: No, no out that I can speak to. I think everybody else is spending fairly much fairly well in line with where they were before.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So Steve, in terms of group calendar, going forward group calendar going forward is very strong. Second quarter, and beyond, as we talked about, World Series Poker comes to the strip in that timeframe, as well. In terms of the draft, I would say, from a visitation standpoint for the market, very, very strong. Not a particularly great gambling crowd. So good for visitation, but casino numbers were kind of average. So I certainly wouldn't expect it we're pointing to the lack of that next year is any kind of headwind.
Tom Reeg: I'd say yes, that's, that's our best peg, as we sit here today. Obviously, the couple of quarters before football season in 23 tend to be lower volume sports quarters, so lower loss anyway. So is it possible? It sneaks a little bit earlier? I'd say that's possible. But I'd be banking on inflection in fourth quarter as we sit here today.
Tom Reeg: So I don't think there needs to be anything heroic for that needs to change for the business to become profitable. And I've actually been talking about 50% plus cash ROI. You can see where our handle is today. You can make assumptions on where our handle will go in the future. And where your hold is going to shake out in sports and iCasino based on a lot of history. What happens functionally is your customer base becomes dominated by existing customers rather than by brand new customers that are taking advantage of a new customer promo offer. And so as you shift more out of business dominated by new customers, and as I as I said, we had a million four sign up for Caesars awards since we launched and those that deposited and became active in digital, almost certainly did, did so through a promo, those promos are different, as you become a season customer. What gets the headlines in terms of deposit matches, things like that that's not what happens as customer’s season and your margin profile changes significantly. And the other thing that's going to change, I touched on in my remarks. In the in football season of ‘21, the every customer, regardless of value, was getting a similar offer. And so what's going to happen as we move into ‘22 football season and beyond is we're going to segment our customer base based on words. And we're going to target our promotional spending at our profitable customers, which is going to be a much smaller subset of that larger group. And that's going to have two significant change, two significant impacts, you're going to build loyalty among that that group that is targeted, and you're going to increase profitability as you increase share of wallet, you're still going to have activity from those that are not targeted to the same degree, but your profitability on those customers is going to change dramatically, because they're not getting the marketing officers or the marketing officers that come out. And so we have significant history in Nevada, in particular, what does a stable state look like from a margin standpoint, customer activity standpoint and promotional standpoint, all of our states are going to end up looking in some form or fashion, like Nevada with different puts and takes based on tax rate and competitive environment. But it's going to look nothing like the environment that you're analyzing now where a state launches, nobody has any customers. And it's the Wild West that those days are already in our rear view mirror in most states, as we move forward. There's going to be some new states, but as a percentage of the business, it's going to be much more of an existing customer and existing state crowd. And the states are going to start to look more like the steam season states in our portfolio.
Tom Reeg: No, we have seen 55 plus return post Omicron. They're still not as strong as the younger cohorts. But they're, they're coming back. And there's more coming back every week.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I'd say we have Ontario is a unique animal given the grey market that existed there before and the restrictions on what you're able to do. So we are, we're building our capabilities in Ontario, but you shouldn't expect us to, you shouldn't expect to see us throw a lot of money in Ontario. We expect to be a player. We expect the market to grow steadily, but that's not going to be a big needle mover one way or another for us.
Tom Reeg: Labor is still tight. It's gotten better. Obviously, we talked about how Anthony talked about how we were able to remove our caps, as we ended first quarter. That was as a result of a lot of hiring effort and activity. So we're feeling better. Labor costs are higher, but nothing that's a considerable drag on the organization's gaming taxes is our number one expense category. And thankfully, those are -- those don't inflate. And if, if they do, it's because you're getting more gaming revenue and, and getting increase on a percentage of revenue basis. So we feel while there are pressures, the strength in the underlying customer activity strength, is swapping anything that we see on the cost side.
Tom Reeg: For us we've gotten your margins have continued to increase so that, your rate of increase is not like January to March, but we're still improving. We've got properties like New Orleans that were under significant COVID restrictions that came off just before the Final Four in March. So we saw the benefits in April, Atlantic City has been particularly strong for us, even with construction disruption. So that's been a strong performer. Northern Nevada for us is has just been incredible for the -- going on, what 18 months now. So it was we've got some particular pockets that are strong. We're up, we're up against a very difficult comp in the second quarter given. This is when stimulus checks went out. But we feel good about comping against those numbers.
Tom Reeg: Yes, Reno and Tahoe for us have been stellar performers really since reopening. We could do we could do better than a quarter of a billion dollars of EBITDA out of Northern Nevada in ‘22, which was not in the realm of what we were thinking before we before we did the Caesars transaction. So the strength there is continuing and -- setting for us the southeast outside of New Orleans, you're generally talking about smaller properties that whether they move up or down, aren't going to swing our broader numbers much. So New Orleans is the key there.
Tom Reeg: I appreciate those questions, Stephen. But that's the level of granularity I'd rather not get into on our database [ph].
Tom Reeg: Well the $200 million is an annual number, so you're talking about $50 million of quarterly spend, that gets up that gets to that number, that's a pure additions through the digital channel, if you want to take it to the level of customers would sign up and there would be some, if digital didn't exist, there would be in addition, through Caesars Rewards, that's a derivative level, that's not useful to get into on the call. But you should consider there's $200 million casino revenue on an annual basis that's running through the business now about 70% of that into destination markets, the rest into regional.
Tom Reeg: I would say we've had baby steps in that direction to date that most of that number is naturally occurring. Where you should expect that to be a considerable area focus for us when I talk about marketing to profitable customers. This is a group that really all came in the door in kind of 120 day period, as I talked about that swamps what the rest of the organization does on an annual basis. So as we sort through them, that you should expect that to be a target focus for us as we move forward in an area where we can drive revenue throughout the enterprise.
Tom Reeg: It's just Omicron. Remember, John, in our regional we have a number of destination markets, New Orleans, Atlantic City, Northern Nevada, that all would have had the same and similar visitation and occupancy trajectory as Vegas had in the quarter, it's really a function of that.
Tom Reeg: I think it's the effectiveness of the campaign that was developed by Chris Holdren, Sharon Otterman in digital that we started this in August with very little recognition from the average consumer that Caesars was associated with sports and sports betting. And certainly after the New York launch, there's very few people that would be possible likely sports bettors looking for an app that didn't know that Caesars was a choice. And so it was really just a job well done in terms of getting our customer recognition up. You do you hook them into Caesars Rewards. We told you that what we've seen in Caesars Rewards is that creates a stickier customer. And we're seeing the benefits of that since we pulled back on mass market spend.
Tom Reeg: Well, David, miracles happen every day. But my experience has been when you get a lot of lawyers involved, the work extends to whatever the maximum allowable deadline is. So if we finished one day ahead of that six months, I'd be very pleased.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I mean, we can go through offline. But if you if you think about round numbers, we've been run rating, ex-Omicron something 4 billion or better in EBITDA, you had about 2 billion in outflows between interest expense and lease expense, about a billion of CapEx and a billion of digital loss. Roughly speaking, in then the capital from asset sales would be excess that pays down debt now with half a million of EBITDA loss plus in front behind us in digital. As you look through the rest of the year, we should be a free cash flow producer on an operating basis after CapEx addition to the proceeds that we generate from asset sales. And Brad, Brian and our team did a great job of managing through a heavy cash use quarter to where we come out in a good position and should be significant free cash flow producer from now former.
Tom Reeg: I think that there's, you're seeing a migration of the customers right, when and I think this is the crux of your question. When we had the reopening after the pandemic, people wanted to get out of their house they were trapped for quite some time. They were comfortable traveling in a lot of cases a limited amount. They wanted to get out of the house but they were comfortable going somewhere in their car. And so you saw this big burst of demand in regional markets. And if you think about other times where demand was crimped for any reason in Casino, what you see is you see some substitution out of destination trips into regional markets. And if you want to argue that there was some of that, in 20, and 21, I think you've got a leg to stand on. And as the picture surrounding the virus has gotten better, we've seen increasing willingness to travel, willingness to get on a plane, go somewhere where you're staying away from home for 2, 3, 4 nights. And that's what you're seeing now in our regional destination properties in Vegas, in particular, and I think you've got some pent up demand for group travel that we're really just getting into. Now, you're seeing wash rates come down considerably, I'd expect that to continue. You have people that were used to being on a plane going to group meetings that haven't really done that in two, two and a half years at this point. And I think you're going to see that as the group calendar begins in earnest, are we really that's kind of another leg that we haven't seen yet. So I think this is just part of a migration of people getting more comfortable as the virus recedes.
Tom Reeg: From where we are today, most definitely. I would expect iCasino to be a significant contributor to the profitability metrics that we laid out.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I did say there's, there's clearly something about gaming even within travel and entertainment with the social aspect if you want to, you walk the floors here and see groups of people that have not been out with each other in quite some time enjoying them. So there's, there's a social aspect to this that I don't know how well we appreciated this until it was gone. And that's, I think, a significant driver of what we've got going here. I know that as investors sit here today, crouched under their desks waiting for the next shoe to drop in inflation or economy we've been living with inflation for with for significant witnessed significant inflation for about a year now, we've seen no real impact on gaming spend, we just reported a quarter where GDP was down what, One and a half points. And this business, not our business, the business of casinos, in particular, held up quite well. So I can't tell you what's going to happen in September or December, or March, but the resilience of this business and casino customers generally, has been extraordinary. And none of us would have imagined that we would shut our doors for months at a time. And nobody knew what would happen when we reopen. But I look at other sectors, travel and entertainment consumer facing, the level of demand that has come back here has just been great to see. And like I said, as I walk through our properties now, this feels like what we were buying when we announced this deal back in June of 19. So we're super excited to see where it goes from here.
Tom Reeg: Yes, so California obviously between our Indian partnerships and our Vegas assets, we have an enormous California database. We would expect to be an aggressive competitor for business if and when that stayed. Launches, there are things that we learned in New York in terms of how we would tailor an offer and what we would shoot for but we would expect to be among the leaders in California like we are in most of the states where we operate.
Tom Reeg: No, iCasino as we've talked about is it's a function of getting our app up to snuff in terms of game count, that's finally almost complete. And then you should expect to see us become much more visible in terms of marketing that business and becoming a real competitor. We didn't want to spend marketing dollars to send customers to what in our view was a substandard product. As we talked we've talked about David, when we took for William Hill, we [Indiscernible] had a single employee on the iGaming side. So we had a lot more work to do there than we did even in OSB. But we expect to be a formidable competitor there. And we're, we're now in position to start that process.
Tom Reeg: So, the other state that still needs to come on Liberty is Nevada which is obviously a big one for us. And in terms of building share, these are states where we're undeniably late to the game. And we're going to be smart about how much resources we throw at them, but role in tying them into our brick-and-mortar business. Obviously, we've got a lot of customers out of Pennsylvania, both in Chester and in Atlantic City. And then we've got four, a number of three Illinois properties that have significant databases and you should expect us that's what we're going to mind. And we'd expect to being continue -- continue to grind higher in market share. And if you're asking, do you think will be at our peak by this football season? I think we'll still be growing beyond that.
Tom Reeg: Thanks, everybody for dialing into the call and we will talk to you following the completion of second quarter. See you soon.
