Gary W. Loveman: Thank you, Donald, and certainly, for all of you. The melodic portion of our call is well concluded, you're back to me. Since the financial crisis, we've operated in an extremely challenging environment. The recovery for the entire economy and, particularly, the gaming industry has been protracted, slow and difficult. Despite these challenges, we've acted aggressively at Caesars' to improve our performance and position our business to operate in a range of circumstances. We move, first, to reorganize our company centralizing many key functions resulting in improved efficiency and better service with lower costs. More recently, we've taken steps to improve the core and reach of our distribution network through expansion into Asia and expansion of our brands online. Finally, I'd say now as a long time student of macro economics, over the last several years, I've been relativity on fear with respect to my forecast for U.S. economic growth. And while the gaming market certainly remains tempered early this year, I do see several meaningful, encouraging signs and more rapid growth ahead of this country in 2014, especially with respect to the improving U.S. housing markets. Whether and when these improvements turn into more prosperous gaming markets, of course, remain to be seen. But it's good to see some signals of a more robust recovery ahead of us. With that, ladies and gentlemen, we'll take your questions.
Gary W. Loveman: I'd be happy to, Shaun. Thanks for the question. A part of what I'm going to say is purely speculative. So take it for what it's worth. But with the World Series of Poker, the Caesars brand and the quality of the offerings we already have online around the world, I like our chances for market share and I would certainly be disappointed if they did not compare favorably to the market share that we hold in Atlantic City overall, recognizing that the existing offline licensees will be the ones permitted to participate in this market. The size of the market, as you know, will depend critically on what types of interstate relationships New Jersey is able to strike. For example, should Gov. Sandoval and Gov. Christie choose to collaborate. So the Nevadans and New Jersey-ans will be able to play in the same games, that will be a big step in the direction. And if Little Delaware would add itself to that list, that wouldn't be a bad thing either. So you can imagine that, logistically, our New Jersey would be playing in games offered only by those that are operating in New Jersey but there might be people sitting at the table of these games that come from other places like Nevada, potentially even internationally. So we can't frame the size of the market entirely yet, but I think looking at the normal parameters for the penetration rate of online gaming across all game categories, if I remember, not just poker, in New Jersey, you can see that it's quite a meaningful market for us and we think it would be quite profitable.
Gary W. Loveman: Well, again, let me give you the usual cowards preference that this is completely speculative on my part. I don't know any legal challenges, but it certainly wouldn't surprise me if there were some. I would hope that the New Jersey regulators will take a look at what Nevada has already done since a lot of great work has been done by the Nevada authorities to get ready for online gaming in Nevada. With a little luck, perhaps that takes a year, for the regulations to be in place and suitability to be established given that applicants would all be existing offline operators. And then one could imagine that you'd be up and running within several months of that. So I would say, at the more optimistic end of the range, maybe 18 months -- somewhere between 18 months and 2 years following the governor's filing of this piece of legislation.
Gary W. Loveman: Well, Shaun, you know as a listener to these calls for some time, I believe that gaming activity has a lot to do with people's individual access to liquidity, to a far greater degree than things like stock market index value and the like, and I think the circumstances that face the country, particularly after the first half of the year would be imposition of a higher payroll tax and the latter half of '12, continued pressure on fuel prices and the likely arrival of higher tax rates in '13 led people to shift a little bit out gaming trips. What we've observed, and you heard Donald spoke, is that trip counts are off in many market. Gaming win per trip are either generally stable or slightly improved. Across the gaming world, category VIPs are holding better than lower-level players. So that's broadly consistent with the view that people are seeing some pressure on their liquidity on a monthly basis have chosen to limit how much activity with us they're going to have at least as they adjust through this. I wish I have better formal evidence of that but that's anecdotal of what we see.
Gary W. Loveman: We're really not in a position to be able to address that yet. You asked a very well conceived question, of course, but we're not in a position where we can take you through how there would be a flow of funds between the entities and who would be compensated for what in the New Jersey case, in particular, where access to the online license depends on the existing offline license. I'll give you a little bit of a shallow answer to that. The parent entity, of course, owns the largest share of each of these entities along the way. So the parent owned, the vast majority of CIE, from what you've read in the materials, you'll see that the parent will also own a significant portion of Caesars' growth venture partners or the Caesars' venture growth partners [indiscernible] So we certainly are not suggesting it's unimportant to know the specifics but there is a line back to the parent that's meaningful.
Gary W. Loveman: I think that's something that would have to be considered. I think getting a transference of value from one entity to the other would have to be considered in the process.
Gary W. Loveman: Mr. Hession is busy working on this. The most popular man on Wall Street will be back to you shortly.
Gary W. Loveman: Yes, David. Just to add a little bit more color to it. The reason we provided the breakdown was so that you could understand the amount of capital we plan to spend this year directly from our balance sheet versus that has been ready funded from the project financings that we've put out in place. And so taking the range that Don has provided subtracting this $300 million would give you a range of how much we would spend directly off our balance sheet. And some of that would go to these projects where we put in our equity at the end or buy licenses and so forth. So to answer your other question regarding cash balance, at the end of the quarter, CECs cash balance was $1.757 billion. CEOC had $1.547 billion and CMBS was approximately $127 billion. And then your other question regarding the pro forma capitalization, was it specifically with respect to cash or was it specific tranche or...
Gary W. Loveman: Yes. For that one to be included both -- there would be equity, as well as some debt financing that we spent on it. For the projects that we would anticipate that we'd consolidate, we included both, say, project spend and the equity. For those that we wouldn't anticipate to consolidate, we just included the equity portion.
Gary W. Loveman: It's really experienced very largely by The Quad, formerly Imperial Palace, where because of the extensive amount of renovation that was drawn in the change to the flow of traffic around the building, it was a tough place for the last several months.
Gary W. Loveman: Well, we did make a change of strategy with respect to resort fees. You recall prior versions of this call, you would hear me argue that we thought it was consistent with our position do not charge resort fees. We've observed the behavior of everyone else in the market now since they were implemented some time ago, and broadly in the hospitality world and through our analysis of the effect of these fees versus our performance in the absence of the fees came to the view that it was the appropriate time to begin to introduce them across our properties. I don't think we're in a position to give a forward-looking indicator of what we think they'll generate yet. You'll have to wait for another quarter or 2 and we can report back to what we think the impact has been.
Gary W. Loveman: Yes. I'll provide you with a little bit more detail and then I'll let Eric and Donald jump in. So you're right to see aggregate amount of capital that we're going to spend next year is higher and we've indicated that for a period of time now. But what I think you'll also see is that the project-related spend for the activities that we've identified in the last, say, year or 2 years are starting to ramp-up and that's where you see a large increase in the amount of CapEx that we're spending. I called out the $300 million of capital that would be spent on those related projects from the debt perspective. Just to provide a little bit more insight, we'll spend approximately, again, just estimated at this point, about $250 million of equity capital on those particular projects. So in total, it'll be right around $550 million or so. So that would put the CapEx that we're spending from the core business, although higher than prior year, not quite as high as you probably were interpreting by subtracting $300 million from the number that was provided.
Gary W. Loveman: That's right. And don't forget that we're redoing Bill Hall together, so that's in the project money that Eric described, the complete renovation of Bill's projects.
Gary W. Loveman: Budget for LINQ overall is the same. The wheel has been slightly more in the RDE, slightly, the retail value entertainment section slightly less. The RDE is right on schedule. The wheel is a little slower than we had hoped due to some early challenges with such a unique piece of engineering. But we're now confident we'll have it up in the second of next year.
Gary W. Loveman: Not specifically. You heard Donald describe the process that our board, our independent directors are pursuing. But I think stand by until at least when we get together in our next quarterly meeting, I'm sure we'll have -- I would suspect we'll have something more to say about the core.
Gary W. Loveman: I don't have anything to tell you about Chinese New Year, which just welled down in the last few days but I will say that the effect of the liberalization of the visa process, the work the State Department did on this has been enormously helpful. Having our Chinese visitors both new ones and repeat visitors be able to gain these access in a much less cumbersome fashion has had a huge effect. I think it allowed Chinese tourists, Chinese visitors, to favor the United States over countries that had historically had more straightforward processes for gaming and business. It's been a big help.
Gary W. Loveman: Well, we're not in the prediction business on all these calls, as you know, so all I can tell you is I think the benefits of people ease of travel to the United States will be sustained. I certainly don't see that going to backwards. So folks that have an interest to come in the United States will be able to do so with much less logistical pain. And I think we should benefit from that over the long haul.
Gary W. Loveman: Good question. We submitted our proposal in the last week of January. According to the rules, the Korean government has 60 working days for consideration of our proposal followed by the unilateral right to a 30-day extension. That would carry the process into early May if the extension were to be taken. And I would anticipate that's the neighborhood that would be relevant to all of this. With respect to the President Park, who was just sworn in very recently, her government announced about 100-item list of priorities for her administration. And included in those parties were the stimulation of tourism in Korea and the need for economic growth, not surprisingly. And we have argued that both of these are supported by the investment we're proposing to make with Lippo to build a world-class resort in Inchon. So while I do not believe she has spoken specifically to the gaming sector, with respect to her agenda, we do believe that her agenda is consistent with what we're proposing.
Gary W. Loveman: Well, you saw that revenues were off as a result of declining business and increasing spend per visit. And I think our margins were flat-ish, Eric, over this period, is that reasonable? And that's despite the suffering we have at the LINQ as a result of construction disruption. So you saw that we reported Property EBITDA down 7.7 and we estimate the conflict of the disruption at the LINQ to be in that general neighborhood, $5 million to $10 million, so that was, I think, to some degree, a push.
Gary W. Loveman: Certainly -- it's consistent with that, yes. I mean there are puts and takes around it, but the 2 numbers generally are consistent.
Gary W. Loveman: Yes, the group -- if you look at all of our results and our competitors' results in the commercial hotel business broadly, it has not been a great run in the group business since the return -- the fall of the crisis. So if you allow me to go back a minute, very poor group results in 2008 into 2009. And you saw a very rapid snapback of the group business in Las Vegas in '10 and '11. So we saw very substantial improvement over that period, much more so than the commercial hotelier's experience. 2012, flat out a bit and it was less than we all would have hoped, I suspect. And I think '13 is going to be largely the same. I think if you talk to the convention and meeting people in my company and the others in Las Vegas and they would tell you '14 was more encouraging than '13.
Gary W. Loveman: We have not. But you're right to say that it's modest. The 100 [indiscernible] 200 rooms is a modest-sized casino.
Gary W. Loveman: Let me take the second first. The Macau land we have listed for sale, we are in discussions with those who are interested in the land. You know if you stare at the plot for land in Macau, you know that it's the only large contiguous piece of the scale available in that market, so we're having a number of conversations, but I can't put a date for a sale or the receipt of proceeds from that sale before you, I don't know. With respect to Baltimore, we anticipate a groundbreaking there in the next 6 or 8 weeks. There has been a legal challenge raised by citizen group about some environmental issues that Challenge was raised directly with the city and government entities related to environment control not especially with us. I don't know yet whether that will cause us any meaningful delay but we're looking at a groundbreaking sometime in April, I think.
Gary W. Loveman: Yes. The reason there is that the level of competition in U.K. online gaming is costs. There's a lot of players. They're very good. There's international players that are not going to be able to play in New Jersey. So the margins are under tremendous pressure for online gaming in the United Kingdom. Whereas in New Jersey, as we've discussed, the governor's bill limits distance to those that hold offline license into the state. So generally such a structure would suggest we might be able to do a little better on margins.
Gary W. Loveman: I'm not sure how 4 would help us given that the brands that are -- I believe, the brands that will dominate that space are Caesars and World Series of Poker. So it's not clear to me, for example, that some of the other brands have great benefits for the online, but of course, we've held them for all these years for their offline benefit, not their online benefit. So we have to take the total package into consideration.
Gary W. Loveman: Well that's a good question. I think that we would like to keep no more than a few hundred offline at any point in time. So take the Bill's, the Bill's rooms are going to offline for the majority of 2013. We'll have rolling renovations at Bally's and as Donald say, potentially at the Quad, but we do not anticipate having rooms offline at Caesars, at Paris, at Planet, not many at Rio this year. So they would be limited to the lower-priced East Side property.
Gary W. Loveman: I think the rationale of the following: You've observed over the last 5 years that a fairly heavily levered entity called Caesars has been growing at a time when many people thought we wouldn't, so we've been building Cleveland and Cincinnati and Thisle and Baltimore and hopefully Boston and we've been busy in online and buying things, and the question is our shareholders, when we have considered this, is there are different vehicle that could support growth more efficiently than having the cost of that growth come off Mr. Hession's and Mr. Colvin's balance sheet. And the arrival of the Caesars growth venture partner or venture growth close partner is an effort to do that. And as you've seen in the release, may involve an infusion of money from the sponsors. So I think if you think about that for a moment, you can imagine a new entity that is unencumbered, with respect to debt finance, that would be able to support the activities for the company's growth, could be very attractive feature. I think, operator, that concludes the call now. In the spirit of Donald's participation, I ask everyone to go home tonight and have the haggis and single malt scotch in honor of his arrival. We thank everyone for joining us.
David Farber: I just want to spend some more time on the online gaming piece. Getting a lot of questions and maybe you guys can walk us through what the economics potentially could be given the structure between all the entities. And may maybe more specifically, is it contemplated that the OpCo or PropCo would receive any compensation given the necessity of the land-based licenses? I think there's some obviously questions around that given the CIE and the views and I just want to hear your guys thoughts on how the economics might work between the different structures and then I have a couple of follow-ups.
David Farber: Okay. I'll leave it that and come back another time. Can you just remind us what agreements you guys have in place with respect to 888 or any other guys you have working on the online platform? And then if you have any details around what, in fact, the structures and the economics from those agreements, that would be really helpful. And then I have a couple of others.
David Farber: Given time, I figured there's maybe gross debt and then tax would just be simple and I can always follow-through on the different tranches.
Donald A. Colvin: I think it's also fair to say that any transfer of assets to the venture partners side of entity will be independently evaluated and appraised by an independent investment bank and an independent committee overboard advised by independent legal counsel. So I think that will certainly cover the aspects that you hinted at there, access to property and to the licenses will all be considered for any evaluation transfer.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I'll try to give you a little bit of a flavor of the software licenses for Poker. So we have 2 tracks underway at CIE on Poker platform. The first is the use of the 888 software with minor modification, and we have the right to use that software and introduce it, for example, in Nevada under what we consider to be quite reasonable terms. And I would expect that when we go live in Nevada, you'll see us on the 888 platform. We also, as you recall, acquired the right to use and customize the software platform of Barriere Digital all from France. We think that is a state-of-the-art perform. We have developers working on its modification to suit the World Series of Poker as we speak. So at some point when that modification is complete, we'd anticipate that we might migrate off of the 888 platform and onto the Barriere platform in due time.
Donald A. Colvin: Sure. I handled that one. So I will go to the scripts and read it again. I think we certainly gave a range for the year of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion, which includes approximately $300 million of anticipated spend associated with project LINQ, the Bill's conversion, Horseshoe Baltimore and other developments funded through project financing. So I think we're showing here the different splits of the spend, some of which we have financed separately like the LINQ and the Horseshoe at Baltimore. So a range of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion.
Donald A. Colvin: I think it's certainly fair to say, [indiscernible] I've only been here for a few months but I see a lot of positive momentum as we go through this year. The opening of the LINQ, the properties next to the LINQ, which we will lease out, that beneficial impact on our cash flow of any resort fees, the end of the disruption, all these things should give us really good momentum as we go through the year.
Donald A. Colvin: I think -- I don't think we brought out [indiscernible] specifically what we're going to spend, I know that we've got 1 project under way, which is renovation of the Bally's Tower. And we are examining our options on what we now call The Quad. And I think it's fair to say that [indiscernible] the rest is of a dispute, whether we're going to go for 1,000 rooms or 2,000 rooms and what we spend per room. But I think the idea is we are excited about the opportunity to what's the ADRs there and what's the F&B revenue the goes with these ADRs. And so with just figuring out what's the best way to address that opportunity while keeping our options as flexible as possible.
Donald A. Colvin: Remember, we have over 20,000 rooms in Vegas. So we're doing a few hundred rooms at a time. As Gary mentioned it, a small amount of product taken offline. But we can't say that -- what has been a bigger nuisance for us has been the destruction caused by the LINQ and then preparing for the conference, we are looking at that today, and certainly that's going to be a big positive if we get that area opened up towards the end of the year.
Donald A. Colvin: We're not expecting any big federal tax refund in the first half of the year. And no, the purchase that we disclosed where we made, we bought $165 million of the CMBS was the last purchase.
