Thomas Reeg: Thanks, Carlo. So you'll see this fall, if you're watching TV, part of our ESPN deal includes advertising buys. So you'll see some commercials largely on ESPN, and you'll see some local ads that run locally as well. And then you'll see a little bit in iGaming as we -- as that product gets toward where we're comfortable with moving customers on to our app. So you'll see -- I mean, compared to last fall, it's going to seem like we've left the year entirely, but you will run into a commercial or 2 depending on where you are and what you're watching.
Thomas Reeg: Nothing that's material to our business. I described the regional business as everybody had more money in his or her pocket a year ago from the transfer payments from the government. So that's both unrated play, that's softness of some of that business has disappeared. That's also rated play that played up last year versus historical levels. But we are quite comfortable that we should be running, let's call it, well into double digits, above 19% EBITDA in regional. And regional margins should be up 600, 700, 800 basis points from pre-pandemic.  So I would call that kind of the new normal as it were in this environment where you don't have that little bit of a bubble that you had last year. And this is part of what drove the Caesars acquisition for us, right? You remember when we were 2 markets, and if something happened in 1 of those 2 markets, it was a problem for the company. We wanted to become more and more diversified now. We're more diversified than anybody out there domestically. And what we saw is last year, Regionals carried Vegas when Vegas was struggling with people getting on planes and with virus-related restrictions.  And what you're seeing this year is regionals aren't quite as strong as they were last year, but Vegas is picking up the slack. So it's doing -- it's working as we -- as it was designed when we put the company together.
Thomas Reeg: Yes. I'd say you're running 35% plus now. And then you're going to have Atlantic City construction roll-off, which should certainly improve revenue and margins. And then you're going to have Lake Charles come on, which should be a significant swing for us.
Thomas Reeg: I can't point you to anything in particular, a 55-plus has started to come back in Vegas, like they've not come back since pandemic. We talked about international has returned quite recently, which is a great sign for us. But we're -- when you're running 97% at these rates with up 10% over our prior record, really everything is going great in Vegas. And as we headed into Board meeting last week, earnings call this week, we checked with our booking channels, are we seeing any softness in Vegas bookings? And what came back is we've actually seen a pickup over the last 2 or 3 weeks. So it is extremely strong. I can't -- there are not strong enough words to convey how well it's going in Vegas for us.
Thomas Reeg: I would expect forward -- I expect we will not have a quarter of $100 million quarterly EBITDA loss in Digital again. We can talk about modeling off-line, but that business -- and we've had a lot of conversations about this, right? How are you going to become positive? The key factor to think about in the third quarter is you had no significant new states coming online. And so your business became dominated by existing customers rather than new acquisition customers. And I can't stress enough that the cost of the acquisition cost versus the retention cost is a dramatic difference.  So I would expect this football season for everybody. You're going to have New York and Louisiana who were very late last year. So you're going to have a fair amount of acquisition activity there. You're going to have some natural acquisition activity, but you don't have a new state of scale coming online to Ohio in January. So we feel pretty good certainly for ourselves. And I can't speak for what others are doing. We got almost $0.5 billion of what we were anticipating spending in marketing in the last 3 quarters of '22.  So this is a dramatic pivot for us. We're heartened that we haven't seen share deterioration and particularly with what we've seen in profitability. And you know we're really not wanting to lose money when we don't need to. And we've got a long track record of really turning highly subsidized businesses on the brick-and-mortar side into a far more profitable business. It's the same thing that we're doing in Digital. When we started Digital, we didn't have the ability to segment customers. And now we -- so you -- in effect, underinvest in your customers and overinvest in your worst. That's no longer the case. So you can be far more precise in what we're doing, and we see the fruits of that every day as results come in and it's great to see.
Thomas Reeg: So no difference in the unrated across markets. It's just casino play in general, doesn't move the needle as much in Vegas as it does in regional. In terms of tiers of customers, I think if you go to the lowest and the properties on the Mississippi River for us in the South, those started softening in January, February for us. And then have been stable, but you're talking about a couple of properties that are $20 million of EBITDA to $4 billion. So nothing that is material to the enterprise.
Thomas Reeg: So just to be clear, we've talked about this on other calls. It's very clear the time line that is laid out in the VICI documents that govern this. So we launched early this year, the deadline is by the end of the summer. And every deadline I've ever seen in deal land, the work goes into that deadline. For us -- and there's -- there are plenty of interested parties. Obviously, the financing environment is what it is. And if that's going to impact what someone will pay, there is a level where we're not going to chase it. I'm very happy to just clip the free cash flow and come back later.  But as we have discussed, this is a discretionary trade for us. We still think we can get it done within the parameters that we had set at the outset. But we are -- we certainly recognize we live in a market that moves day-to-day. And if financing conditions change, the outcome might change. But this has become -- for me, it's kind of amusing because when I first started talking about we're to sell our Vegas Strip asset, that the response from full sell-side and buy side was why would you want to sell the Vegas Strip asset? Look at how great it is. And we said there are times in the market that you don't have to go back very far, that where -- we didn't -- we wouldn't want to have owned this many rooms.  And now the conversations have turned to, oh my god, can you get this done? This is critical. This is a change in you, not in us. This has been discretionary from us, for us from day 1, and it remains so. So regardless of what level of fear is coursing through the investment community, we put our heads down and we do the work. And if we have a trade that makes sense for us, we'll do it. If we don't, we're fine with. That's far more than I wanted to say about the Vegas Strip asset sales, so no more questions on that. But that's where we are.
Thomas Reeg: Yes. We've just reported a record quarter, told you July is very strong as well. I mean yes, there is a seasonal in Vegas, third quarter is lower than second quarter because it's 120 degrees. But beyond that, we're really seeing no change in Vegas activity.
Thomas Reeg: For us, you should not expect us to exercise the put. You'll have to ask VICI what their intentions are on the call. But in any event, like any option, I would expect if VICI intends to exercise, they would be looking toward the end of the option period. But I don't know that's a supposition if I was in their shoes, not that I'm telling that.
Thomas Reeg: Hard to do in front of football season. We're at -- what are we at? We're at $1 billion, we're at $1.069 billion now. I'd say think about that neighborhood for the next couple of quarters and then improving to inflection to positive at worst in the fourth quarter next year.
Thomas Reeg: Well, at the 558 we're 49% in the quarter. World Series of Poker happened in the -- largely in the second quarter. That's additive to EBITDA. It's about a 100 basis point drag on margins. So from an operating perspective, we were at 50% in the second quarter. If you think about forward, obviously got a little bit of seasonality third quarter, fourth quarter [indiscernible] drag on margins. So from an operating perspective, we were at 50% in the second quarter. If you think about forward, obviously, you got a little bit of seasonality third quarter.  Fourth quarter, you might have read, we're going to have some entertainment come online. That's a lot of revenue sales, but that's going to impact Vegas margins. So you're going to have -- when that particular entertainer starts, you're going to have a lot of revenue run through that goes to the artist, a little bit of profit to us and a better customer on the floor.
Thomas Reeg: Yes, that's still in play. I would say, month-to-month in the quarter was not a dramatic move across that many properties. So you should figure that the business was running at about the 36% level or so for the bulk of the quarter.
Thomas Reeg: I just put my life jacket off [indiscernible] all the way over. It's -- there's no impact to the business at all. It's some good social media footage.
Thomas Reeg: It's all of that. It's volume. It's -- you've seen what we've done in other segments of the business that we run versus how they were run prior. The banquet business that comes online is -- it's accretive to margins, even the 50% margins in Vegas. And Michael Massari and his team have done a fantastic job of building a great calendar for us, and all of that comes together for a great outcome. Just to give you an example, Harrah's -- the second quarter, nearly 20% of room nights at Harrah's were grouped nights. And that's a property that had effectively zero prior to the FORUM Convention Center opening.
Thomas Reeg: So directionally, 55 and over is now above in Vegas for the first time since pandemic, but it is still trailing younger cohorts on a comparable basis. So the younger cohorts are up more. That's a much -- in terms of order of magnitude, that's a much bigger piece of the business for us than international. International is a good story for us, but it's far smaller than 55 and over.
Thomas Reeg: Yes. I mean, wrapping it into Caesars Rewards, it should -- at maturity, it should be just like the brick-and-mortar business. So we should be able to get more share of wallet from our best customers and not overspend on small customers, which is the same idea as brick-and-mortar. I will say one of the things that you missed that I see missed in analysis of Digital is as we launched -- as all of our peers launched, you saw all these sports partnerships created, branding partnerships, affiliate relationships, all for customer acquisition at launch as these states launch.  That runs $0.25 billion through our Digital business today. Those are all contracts that run off -- depending on the contract, 2 to 5 years after they were signed. Now as you get into a more mature business, you're not going to be recutting those deals or you're not going to be recutting them at the levels that you started at. So that's going to be extremely accretive to EBITDA as those -- as the business is seasoned. And I know that's the case for everybody in the business.
Thomas Reeg: Sure. I struggle to think of a jurisdiction we would not go to in the U.S. if it opens. I guess, if you think of a very small state that puts up an enormous tax rate, that's a small possibility, but we want to be everywhere. In terms of California, we're not part of either initiative. We have a strong -- what -- we want to see sports betting in every jurisdiction that we can find. We'd love to see iCasino in every jurisdiction we can find. We have a decade-long relationship with a number of tribes across the country where we've been managing their assets through multiple contract renewals, which was a unique position when we bought Caesars. I've never seen that before.  And we don't want to be in opposition to tribal interest when we're their partners. So we've remained neutral in California throughout. You should expect that to be the case in any state where tribes are at odds with the commercial interest.
Thomas Reeg: Yes. Chad, without question. You just saw us live through the pandemic. And the amount of cost that you can cut in these businesses is far beyond even what we thought prior to the pandemic, and we were among the most vocal that there were significant costs to be cut. So one of the benefits of the pandemic for us is you got a sense of what your customer -- what they were willing to tolerate in a softer environment. And I'm thinking in terms of hours of operation for nongaming amenities.  The -- what you can do in a soft environment is far different than what the world believed pre-pandemic. So, I think the -- both the 50% flow-through and the top line hits are far in excess of anything that we're expecting. I really said that to illustrate that even in that scenario, we'd be generating $1 billion of free cash.
Thomas Reeg: I mean I think what you're going to see is the return of group is going to help us grind rate higher because that's going to push out our lowest rate customers. That's what's already happening. And keep in mind, we're about to cycle through where we'll be comping against self-imposed occupancy caps because of labor levels last year. So you're going to see even more significant flow-through as we get towards the end of the year with those caps off. So we feel extremely positive about the forward occupancy and rate environment in Vegas. As I said, we're on pace to do better than $1 billion of cash room revenue, which has never happened in Caesars.
Thomas Reeg: Yes. This is a typical room sale that goes on every year. So there's nothing in particular to call out there. We're running at 97%. July was 96.5% occupancy. So we don't have a lot of extra room to fill at this point. So we feel very good about [indiscernible] and his team in revenue management for us and Sean as the operating leader in Vegas. We couldn't have done better in terms of what we inherited in that group and have a great degree of confidence in the results that will drive going forward.
