Eric Hession: Thank you, Justin. Good afternoon and welcome to the Caesars Entertainment First Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. Joining me today are Gary Loveman, our Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Colvin, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will turn the call over for your questions. A copy of our press release, today's prepared remarks and a replay of this conference call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at caesars.com. Before I turn the call over to Gary, I would like to call your attention to the following information. The Safe Harbor disclaimer in our public documents covers this call and the simultaneous webcast at caesars.com. The forward-looking statements made during this conference call reflect the opinion of management as of the date of this call. There are risks and uncertainties with such statements, which are detailed in our filings with the SEC. Please be advised that developments subsequent to this call are likely to cause these statements to become outdated with the passage of time. We do not intend, however, to update the information provided today prior to our next quarterly conference call. Further, today we are reporting first quarter 2013 results. These results are not necessarily indicative of results of future periods. Also, please note that prior to this call, we furnished a Form 8-K of this afternoon's press release to the SEC. Property EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of net income and loss to property EBITDA and net income and loss to adjusted EBITDA can be found in the tables of our press release. This call, the website and its replay are the properties of Caesars. It's not for broadcast or use by any other party without the prior written consent of Caesars. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect now. By remaining on the line, you agree to be bound by these terms. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Gary Loveman.
Eric Hession: It's a little tough to say, Susan. This is Eric. Susan, we've estimated also the impact of some of the construction on the general area. But as you know, The Quad is the primary property where you've seen the impact, so that would be namely in the outcome.
Eric Hession: Yes, David, this is Eric. You got Donald to, of course, jump in. But we made an effort to, as you know over the years, continually make sure that we have plenty of liquidity, manage our durations and make sure that we retain flexibility in terms of the cash position that we have, so that we can pursue various opportunities when they occur, whether those be investing in the core business, developing new properties in different markets and retiring our debt. At this point, you saw from our report that our cash balance is quite considerable at this point. We've done a good job raising cash. We made a number of transactions for the capital structure earlier in the year that, again, put cash on the balance sheet and also pushed out the maturity profile. And so I think in general, our strategy really hasn't changed. We felt the need that there be good returns from investing in the business. And thus, we increased our projection on maintenance capital. As Donald mentioned earlier, as we progress through the first quarter, we tightened that up a little bit, but we still expect to spend and reinvest in the business as we go forward. And we'll manage that through the cash from the operations, the financings and then the considerable cash that we have on the balance sheet right now.
Eric Hession: Well, yes, I'll answer your second question first about the Coty. I don't think we've explicitly said that we expect it all to be offset. The way the Act works is that the gains from the loss would be spread over a five-year period. And due to the NOLs and the OIG associated with the second lien issuance that we did in the exchange offer, the majority of that would be offset in the first years. And it's really a question of at what point would we then start realizing those Coty gains that would then not be offset by other losses. And that's the function of our operation, is the function of other transactions we might pursue and it's a number of things like that. But we have said that we don't anticipate having a cash tax liability of any significance associated with that for at least the first few years when that starts to become realized. With respect to your other question, yes, the 11.25s do come callable. We constantly look at the balance sheet and take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. I can't tell you right now whether we ready to move forward with that or not, but it's certainly on our radar that that's a higher coupon than where we've been issuing recently.
Gary W. Loveman: Well, I'm sure you can gather that no matter what Donald may think about his new job, he's certainly not bored. Thank you, Donald, for that recap. Despite a slow recovery in the gaming business, we're making progress executing our strategy to create value and beginning to see results in our investments. We're committed to investing in our core markets, our best brands and capabilities, expanding the reach of our network domestically and through the social and mobile games businesses and pursuing real-money online gaming and international growth opportunities. The execution of the strategic transaction we discussed today is representative of our commitment to improve our capital structure and position the company to pursue strategic growth going forward. Operator, we're now happy to take questions.
Gary W. Loveman: Susan, I know they have. I've read their remarks. I think we're not in the habit of talking about current quarter's operating performance, so I think I'll leave it to them to describe what they've seen thus far.
Gary W. Loveman: I think we saw a little bit of improvement as the quarter matured. Certainly, January and February were not especially appealing months and March was the best of the 3.
Gary W. Loveman: I think we've indicated that we have been pursuing a process for sale of the Macau golf course. We don't have anything to report on that now, but we'll do so, of course, when such time as something materializes that meets the standard for reporting. And on AC Convention Center, we're committed to initiating construction on and completing the AC Convention Center. We continue to believe that the generation of new segments of demand in that market is the only way to offset the secular decline in other traditional areas of the market. So that remains a project we're committed to doing and we've enjoyed support from the Governor and his staff and we intend to get this project underway.
Gary W. Loveman: David, I recognize people's interest in being able to anticipate that, but we just can't make any speculative or forward-looking comments on the process for Caesars Growth Partners.
Gary W. Loveman: Yes, in terms of room nights down during the first quarter, it's been relatively immaterial and only for sporadic renovations. We had the Nobu Tower, as you know, come up this quarter and that was in transition and opened at the beginning. But moving forward, we're going to be starting on the Bally's South Tower shortly. And then, also, we've talked about doing a fairly large number of rooms at The Quad. And that would also start later in the year.
Gary W. Loveman: We've had some rooms out at the Rio recently. And of course, Bill's is closed, so that put that modest room count closed. But it's not an overwhelming number, by any means.
Gary W. Loveman: You posed quite a complicated question. So most of the capital that you described, or that I mentioned in my remarks, are non-gaining capital additions: room renovation, room inventories and the like. And we've seen positive revenue consequences from these things, including, for example, the Octavius Tower. So I think, one, if there was to be a market share test for non-gaming revenue, I suspect we would hold up relatively well. Of course, all you get is published data on gaming revenue which in the last several months have been very substantially affected by varying levels of back-ride activity in hold. And I think on a hold-adjusted basis, we're very proud of our market share results in those categories, that those are not necessarily indicative of the capital returns. It more has to do with the effort to screen these players forward and care for them properly.
Gary W. Loveman: Yes, I think it's been broadly suggested that, that trend that you just described is accurate. Let me just say a word or two about a potential explanation for that. Following the crisis that the group business, the [indiscernible] business in Vegas was very adversely affected. And when that business began to rebound, I think Vegas, due to the other large meeting competing cities, like Orlando or Chicago or New Orleans or San Antonio, Las Vegas rebounded rather quickly. And we picked up a disproportionate share of the improved reactions to the cessation of the most acute part of the crisis. And as a result, people have cycled through Vegas now once, maybe twice, since the crisis. And our sales people tell us that some of these groups naturally have strayed off to these other cities as part of their journey that normally occurs across geographies. But I think we're going to see a lot of that coming back in our favor. So partly because of this typical migration here, but also because the value proposition is fantastic. Room rates are lower than we would like them to be. That's very appealing to the groups. And the cost of holdings their events here is lower and the experience for the participants is higher than elsewhere. So I share my competitor's enthusiasm, that this end of our market is improving. And we will see a better year in 2014.
Gary W. Loveman: This is Gary. I'll try to take those. Every company is going to approach this issue within their own reporting systems differently. In our case, the benefit of online gaming in New Jersey will fall for CIE and will not be reflected in the operating results of the off-line businesses in New Jersey. So you'll see that ultimately in the reporting from CGL down the road, once CGL -- assuming CGL gets through all of its processes and its reporting. Then with respect to proliferation, of course, that's very welcome news for us. We hope that every one of these states proceeds to implement online gaming. And I think in many of the states you described, it's hard to imagine they won't. In this instance, at state level, we seem to have a lot of support from people that have historically been our adversaries, including the lotteries and a bipartisan group of people in the Governor's mansion as well as in the legislatures. So every time we can get particularly a populous state, like some of the ones you mentioned, to advance this cause and then get agreements to share customers, to share liquidity across states, then that's a tremendous help. You can imagine we're advocates of that. Thank you. Operator, I think that concludes our question-and-answer period. We thank you and all of those who joined us for the call this afternoon.
Donald A. Colvin: No, I think we're being -- it's kind of management of liquidity and cash flow, Susan, would be making sure that all projects are necessary and have a good return on investment. And so we're going to a higher bar and we are establishing strict controls on what we approve. And so [indiscernible] for the approval process has eliminated some weaker projects and has resulted in some savings in maintenance capital.
Donald A. Colvin: Well, I think it's -- as Eric said, we continue to be -- to manage our liquidity and try to maximize that. And obviously, I think Macau is, by far, the biggest opportunity that I've seen to realize cash from asset sales. But there are other opportunities and we continue to look into these as well and working capital initiatives also. So I'm encouraged by these opportunities and we'll make the necessary disclosures when we have something more specific to reveal. But yet, we do have others, not quite at the same level, but can be incrementally positive to our cash.
Donald A. Colvin: Specifically what we have there is what's called The Quad. And there's about 1,500 rooms that we are considering renovating and we'll make a definitive decision on the Rio and that project in the near-term. And that we will launch [indiscernible] completed roughly at the end of the year. So that's a major room renovation that fits in to what Gary said about capitalizing on the Linq area. And that's the one that will have the biggest impact.
Donald A. Colvin: I've only been here for like 5 months, but maybe it does seem like 9. Obviously, when you've got a weak top line or a tough macro there, unfortunately, cost cuts come in. And there's been a lot of progress being made here. Our efficiency, I think, is good. There's always additional things that can be done, but I'm not really going to start revealing specific programs. But I think that our combination of revenue growth investment and some of the properties here, room renovation, take advantage of our central strip location, complemented by some cost optimization, these are all the factors that will drive through the performance going forward. So the allocation of that improved performance to cost hasn't been determined, but I'd still think through creativity and imagination, we can still make some further improvements.
Donald A. Colvin: Sure. And then also what's been encouraging for me besides some positive feedbacks from customers who actually do appreciate the access to the gym and free internet, et cetera, that goes with the resort fees. So we'll be presently surprised by that. Obviously, the resort fees vary across our properties. Let's say in the teens, obviously a lot more of the premium properties like Caesars Palace as some of the other ones, but it's in the teens. The rollout has been slow because we had a lot of rooms booked and we're rolling out throughout all our property. We kind of expect by the end of the summer to have a rollout more or less complete and it's probably going to be applying to 70-ish% of the rooms. And the reason why it's not 100% is because we have VVIP customers and also groups that we're not applying that to. And we have approximately 20,000 rooms available in Vegas and you have to apply the occupancy factor there as well. So certainly, that has been a factor that has been encouraging for me, new on the job, to see how we can generate, improve financial performance from our existing base. And we are very pleased by the acceptance of that from our customers. But that has been applied throughout -- by our competition throughout the whole Vegas market previous to us.
