Eric Hession: Yes. Dan, this is Eric. That's correct. The full year guidance that we maintained between the 4% and 6% does include the weakened expectation that we have in the third quarter of between 0 and 2%. Heading into the fourth quarter, we do continue to see strong group pickup, and we also continue to see solid bookings. If you recall, due to the unfortunate tragedy, the market experienced last year a significant decline in the pace that we are growing in terms of the RevPAR. And as a result, the comp in the fourth quarter is the easiest of the year.
Eric Hession: Yes. In terms of the EBITDAR guidance, again, we had what we felt were very strong second quarter results. The third quarter, as we commented, had some declining performance on the leisure side. And in particular, there was a lack of programming in the city due to a number of events that didn't occur year-over-year. However, for a full year basis, we decided to keep our EBITDAR guidance the same. And from a margin standpoint, we continue to expect to have improved margins particularly on the back of the great performance that we did in the second quarter. From a marketing standpoint, we did reduce our marketing spend by about $35 million or around 7% on a year-over-year basis. And we anticipate continuing with that trajectory going forward into the back half of the year.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. So mathematically, I believe to answer your question directly, to hit 4%, we need around 11% year-over-year RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter, given the 0% to 2% in the third quarter. And we are projecting to be at that level or better heading into the fourth quarter. The main issue that we saw in the third quarter was really in the first two months of the quarter with respect to the lack of programming and some of the rate pressure that we've been seeing on the FIT side. We don't see that occurring in the fourth quarter. And the programming for the city appears to be much stronger both on that standpoint, but also on the group side.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. It's a good question. We did enter into a 10b5 grid based program shortly after making the announcement of the buybacks and putting out our earnings. And so if you recall, those occurred in May. So we didn't have a full quarter of time to execute the purchasing repurchase program. We did note that we bought back about 2.5 million shares in the month of July when that program was fully operating. And the expectations are to continue to repurchase shares throughout the year, and also to complete the conversion of the convert, which we'll plan to do early this coming quarter.
Eric Hession: No. At this point, we haven't changed our plan on the room renovations. It's really just a sequencing in terms of where we think the right pattern is and how many rooms we want to have out at any one time. We completed Bally's, as we noted, which was a large project, 1,950 rooms. And then we've started another 1,000-room project at The Flamingo. Later in the year and into next year, our big project will be Paris. And then we'll finish the final tower at Harrah's. So all of those are still kind of on pace, as anticipated. We do shift them by a few weeks or months, depending on the various schedules and the construction timing. But broadly speaking, that is consistent with our anticipated plan. And as we mentioned, we do anticipate the pace to ramp down because we are finishing the renovations of the cycle. But also, as we've provided guidance from a capital perspective, we do expect our capital spending to be reduced each year going forward as well.
Eric Hession: No, only to say that the group bookings are very strong in Q4. So that gives us the incremental confidence because that business is quite solid. As we mentioned, the group booking were up in Q3, but not to the extent that we're seeing it in Q4.
Eric Hession: Yes, I would say, it's a little too early to draw conclusions at this point. They've only been open about a month. We kept our full year guidance the same. And so the expectations really haven't changed in terms of what we expect the impact to be. We're continuing to monitor it, as you saw with the traffic counts coming into Atlantic City, it does appear that the properties are driving incremental visitation. And whether that's a onetime event as people try out the new properties or whether that's going to continue, will determine ultimately what the impact is. But I don't think we know at this point what the eventful impact would be to any degree really differently than what we had originally provided in our guidance.
Eric Hession: Yes. What we've done is obviously projected our cash availability over the horizon. We've identified what we think is a core amount of capital that we need to reinvest in the business, and we've provided directional guidance to everybody on that. Then we've also looked at potential acquisitions and the amount of capital that would be needed there as well as a repurchase plan. And then balance that with the growth in the core business, providing deleveraging as well as allocating some of the available cash to repurchase debt through the market or through re-financing's. And so we think that 4.5x is a solid level to be at for the company. And it's one that we can achieve over this period of time while keeping a balanced reinvestment profile for the other areas that are needed to grow the company. With respect to your second question on simplification, yes, there are two main areas that we're looking at now. One, as you're aware, is the convert and reducing the amount of convert that's out there. And the other we've alluded to in terms of merging CEOC and CRC, that's still on our plan. And I would expect that we would try to pursue that either late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter.
Eric Hession: Yes. I'd start off by saying from a guidance perspective, we maintained our RevPAR guidance that we set at the beginning of the year. We maintained our EBITDA guidance that we set at the beginning of the year. And we maintained our capital guidance that we set at the beginning of the year. So from our perspective, the performance of the company is operating within the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. And the end position, where we think we'll end up at the end of the year, is going to be within those three ranges. So in terms of the third quarter, in particular, it is weaker than we had originally anticipated, and there were a number of events that changed between quarters.
Mark Frissora: Yes, I would also at that in the fourth quarter is where we started the marketing cut last year. So on a year-over-year basis, the increase on improvement weren't anticipated to be as great as they were in the first three quarters, given that those cuts anniversary out in the fourth quarter.
Mark Frissora: And we are seeing positive momentum in September. So that's something that is, obviously, we have numbers that kind of indicate year-over-year what kind of a demand that we have on both rate as well as volume. So, but obviously, in July as well as August, we saw some softening, which, again, caused us to be cautious about how we provide guidance and how we think about RevPAR as well.
Mark Frissora: Yes. So if I can just add, I mean, so when look at entertainment programming on a year-over-year basis, the largest volume-driving venues, net there was a reduction of 21 shows at the T-Mobile Arena. 21 shows is a fairly significant number. And then seven fewer, including the Mayweather-McGregor fight in August of 2017. And so just that alone generated a lot of incremental revenues for us last year from a programming standpoint. So you can see, I just gave you some numbers. I mean, that's a huge difference. And again, I can get more detailed, maybe if you want to, off the call. But there was a very large difference in programming which is what's driving the softness. So I think that we have good news is that we're going to have an improvement in the fourth quarter. So again, this is a two month blip that ends up improving, getting back on pace, which is kind of what our guidance indicated to you. So again, there's no cause for concern. But there is a momentary in Vegas when you see programming changes like this, you will see volumes drop off the facilities. And that's just the way the business rolls. So it's not a cause of concern. It's just what I call something cyclical within the quarter.
Mark Frissora: Yes, net reduction of 21 shows at the T-Mobile Arena, okay? And then in addition to that, we had the seven fewer, including the Mayweather-MacGregor fight in August of 2017, which doesn't repeat itself. And just in that venue alone, that fight alone, we generated significant amount of revenues and profit off of it. So you lose that as well as the number of programs, it ends up having a softening effect, a dampening effect. But again, a temporary effect. Not a long-term effect, a temporary effect. No reason for anyone to overreact to it.
Mark Frissora: Well, I would say that when you do, when you look at every single week, every competitor and how their rates are set, obviously, there are certain entities on The Strip that have more rate pressure than others. They set the umbrella for a lot of properties. So you have different segmentations that are occurring. And so we can't predict what rates will be set or what demand will be perfectly, and so there are people on The Strip that are obviously pricing rates at a lower level and we can't control that. And so in order for us to keep our occupancy up, we obviously have to meet competition. So this is all about looking at everything, for example, on The Strip and determining what the optimal strategy is for the profit of the company. That's what we do every day. So when we see a rate pressure, it means that there are certain entities, and I don't call out competitors on any call, that's for the competitors to discuss and for you guys to look at the rates. But bottom line is we had some rate pressure from similar competitors. And we had, in some cases, matched that and had some softness that we were predicting in the third quarter.
Mark Frissora: Yes, I don't see we have a precision answer to that for you. But I can tell you that the impact of technology going forward in the company, it will be more significant than it is today. So our margins will actually expand through our technology adoption going forward. The margins that we have today are driven in permanent. They're not temporary, right? So our margins are driven by labor productivity and marketing efficiency, and we still think we have room to grow. So those two factors will continue. And then we have growth now with the Centaur acquisition and realization of the synergies there. We have a lot of other projects, both initiatives in place. But we want to make sure that those growth initiatives, we'll talk about them when they're firm and settled. We do have Dubai, which is an exciting, two facilities opening up actually, Caesars and Caesars Palace, in the fourth quarter, which will help us generate incremental EBITDA. And we have our many, many other projects that we'll be unfolding. But again, we're just out of bankruptcy. I think it's important for everyone to know that, that was October of last year. And the shares are held by a lot of people, an awful lot of people that don't plan on holding them long term. So I think we see temporary weakness from wherever we have strength. We announced a strong quarter, and I think when you see the reaction, a lot of it's built on a lot of people in the stock that aren't in it for the long haul. And we have very high percentage of our shares held by, what I would term, fast money and much higher than normal. Most companies would have, I'll say, 25%. Roughly we have almost 80% of our shares held. So this is an important fact you probably want to remember when we look at the pressure in the shares today, for example. And I think this is a temporary blip that this is a buying opportunity obviously for everyone. And certainly, it's a time in the company where we're actually performing at record highs. And we have record initiatives on our plate that will allow us to even improve more. So I'm excited for the prospects of the company. And for those investors who stick with us, they won't be disappointed.
