Mark Frissora: Yeah, I think the best way to characterize it was we’re far along in the process, I mean we've gotten through obviously interviewing candidates and have a very good list of potential candidates for this position. So I think committee would say that feel comfortable with -- that we're far enough along the process that we will be in good shape for the transition to ensure a seamless transition here with me.
Mark Frissora: The headwind is definitely more significant than we've seen in the past, let's say, four years and it's really a result of, you’re right, Vegas, Harry, that's a big driver. But we had two other markets too that we had to renegotiate labor contracts, so a total of three markets for us, regional markets. And for us, anyways, we think that the first half of the year, because of that headwind, it will be more difficult to get the kind of flow through we normally get out of our business model. But in the second half of the year, we have initiatives in place on labor and in marketing that will help us get better productivity numbers out in the second half of 2019 and be helpful at offsetting that.
Mark Frissora: I think the Board has stated that they would like to see someone who's a seasoned executive, someone who has certainly managed through turbulent times, adversity and been able to be tested, if you will, that's an important trait, someone that has experience in hospitality/gaming and related verticals that we participate in, someone that would have a great reputation with investors, someone who would have staying power and be here for the long haul. So, I think those are all traits that we're looking for. And again, feel like the Caesars brand and the opportunity here is big enough, it's attracting a good talent pool for us.
Mark Frissora: I think it's difficult to predict that. I don't -- I'm not saying it won't happen. But as we continue to test and learn with our marketing initiatives and look at making sure that every dollar revenue we get is a profitable dollar revenue, a lot of that comes into play in the mix and in our growth rate. So kind of a, I don't mean to be a long-winded question, but it's a complicated equation for us to predict outperformance without more visibility into the year.
Mark Frissora: Our sports betting market share, I want to make sure I heard that right. You asked if our share would go up.
Mark Frissora: And I would add that -- in addition to Eric's comments that our plan long-term is to have our fair share of the market through partnerships in some cases. So, at this point in time, we have not completed all of our partnerships. People that, let's say, would have more aggressive marketing directly tied to us, say sports betting that we may or -- and then they may not have access to markets like we have. So, we're looking for partnerships, and we'll continue to do that in order for us to gain our fair share of the market with these partnerships and alliances that were formed.
Mark Frissora: Thank you. With that, we'll wrap up the call. Thank you and we look forward to giving you an update at the first quarter. Thank you.
Eric Hession: Yeah. We are pleased with how Centaur is performing. As you can see, the EBITDAR was up significantly and a little bit faster in terms of realizing those synergies than we had anticipated. The revenues were generally flat because the marketing programs hadn't yet kicked in and so that should happen in 2019 as we move forward. So we're pleased with how it's worked out. It's very consistent with the model, consistent with what we've said before. We're leaning towards prioritizing debt reduction at this point. However, we are always open for accretive transactions and should those be available and should they make sense from a domestic bolt-on acquisition perspective, we'd certainly look at them and pursue them.
Eric Hession: Yeah, I agree. We continue to be able to, as we demonstrated, backfill with casino hotel rooms in periods of weak demand from an occupancy perspective. But I would say echoing Marks commentary that the ability to really drive price is somewhat limited, at least in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter.
Eric Hession: Yeah. There is seasonality and fourth quarter is on the higher end of the normal edge of the casino mix. We ran about 52.5% casino mix in the fourth quarter, which was up from the prior year. To put that in perspective, we had about 62,000 more casino rooms in the fourth quarter than in the prior year period, and that certainly contributed to the 4 points of incremental occupancy that we are able to achieve. Ultimately, we think it was a good strategy as it drove X incremental EBITDAR. And so, as I mentioned, as we head into this year, we'll still be able to use that to backfill on periods of weak demand where we don't think we'll fill the hotel. During the first quarter, however, the group demand across the city and in-house is stronger than it was in the fourth quarter. So, we don't necessarily believe we'll have to comp as many incremental rooms to still achieve occupancy growth.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I think it's still probably too early, as we talked about before in an environment where we have some -- the table games potentially coming online and an acceleration of our performance, we would either be selling the property at a very low coverage ratio and growing into it or selling at a price that's not necessarily optimal. So, I think at this point, we are still waiting until we see some more stability in the property because we don't want to sell it at a point where it's growing so quickly.
Eric Hession: Sure. I guess, I'll look at it on our two primary categories of expense, which is labor and marketing. On the labor side, we're definitely seeing incremental labor cost pressures at a higher level than we have in the past years. Company-wide, we're estimating about an $80 million increase and that's associated with simply union wage increases, merit wage increases for non-union employees, 401(k) returning to a normalized match and then health benefits. And in aggregate, it's about 80 million, which as I mentioned is higher than in prior years. So, we have efforts to try to offset that through productivity, but that's definitely a headwind that we'll have to work through this year. From a marketing standpoint, as I mentioned, we do anticipate to have additional comped hotel rooms in the Las Vegas area over the course of the full year. And so we don't anticipate as much of a marketing reduction there. In the regional markets, we continue to believe that there's opportunity to reduce marketing spend. We have a number of programs that we will be launching and affecting second and third quarter and onward. In particular, our sales force application became live earlier in the year. And so those marketing efforts will start to hit the customers in the April and May timeframe, which will help drive down the ultimate marketing costs in the second and into the third quarter.
Eric Hession: So yeah, for the first quarter, we're going to expect to have about 25,000 incremental room nights available companywide. We'll have fewer available on Atlantic City because we're renovating our hotel tower there, and we'll have about 35,000 more available in Las Vegas in the first quarter. The impact of that is about $4 million to $5 million benefit here in Las Vegas from the incremental room nights available. And then as we go through the years, a year, we will also have fewer -- or sorry, we'll have more room nights available because we're only planning to do two hotel towers this year, hotel tower Paris and hotel tower Harrah's, now that we have caught up on our accelerated room renovation program.
Eric Hession: I think -- I apologize if the script wasn't clear. We were talking more about the volatility between quarters that if you look at it on a full year basis, it's generally stable. And a great example of that is, if you do a two-year stack of our Las Vegas EBITDAR, it's very consistent within 1% or 2% change every single quarter. So, you can see that a lot of it's affected by holidays and different events like that. What we meant was that our -- we anticipate in Las Vegas that our revenues are going to be roughly consistent with the same growth rates that we saw from this year.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I think the regional consumer from our perspective seems fine right now. In the fourth quarter, we didn't pursue any activities with respect to buybacks or deleveraging because we wanted to be cautious, so that we headed into the New Year with all the signals that you can get from the macroeconomic perspective, but our customers seem generally healthy across the board. We do have the incremental competition that we talked about, which I think is probably the most important factor weighing on our business next year. But otherwise, we would expect these regional markets to be performing at about the same levels in terms of year-over-year improvement as we did this year.
Eric Hession: Yeah, I think certainly having the group base up for both our in-house business as well as the city-wide business on a year-over-year basis helps. As we saw, having the city-wide business certainly helps the environment for all the casinos and allows you to price a little bit better. We also feel that our initiatives that we did in the fourth quarter with respect to the casino database will be effective throughout the year in terms of driving additional improvements. And then, as you know, we always have incremental initiatives both on the cost and revenue side.  A lot of them now focused on gaming. We think, again, that there are some innovative products that's coming out, that we're trying on the floor. The sports book that we have at the LINQ is doing quite well. The food and beverage we mentioned before is doing quite well, particularly when the occupancy in the hotel goes up in correlation to the cash spending in the hotels -- sorry, in the food and beverage. And so all of that taken together, gives us the confidence that we should be able to have a top line performance in that range that we talked about.
Eric Hession: We haven't provided the specific year-end targets, it’s just the end of the 2021 at 4.5 times. We do plan to put that together and discuss it with the new CEO and the Board, and we'll make a decision at that point, probably in Investor Day or some other forum to provide more detail on that throughout the years.
Eric Hession: I would say, of the properties that we're specifically interested in, I would say it's a little less active than it was before. A lot of properties have traded hands and then some people have elected not to sell that might have been interested before.
Eric Hession: Yeah, I think he was talking about market share currently. Yeah. Right now, we don't have any of our books completed. They are under construction. We're optimistic that these are going to be great experiences and we'll take a lot of what we have at the LINQ property here and port those over to Atlantic City. The one thing I would say is that market share right now for us is not necessarily the way that we're going. It could cause significant reinvestment levels to take significant market share. We are profitable with our operations, and we think that we can increase and decrease marketing to try to optimize that. But we're pleased with how we are leading off, being profitable and making money throughout our sports betting intervals.
