Mark Frissora: Yes, we expect that the cadence will continue at this kind of a pace for probably in the foreseeable future, I'll say, the next three to four year given underinvested situation, as you know, over the last five years. So there is a lot more that came from and we've got a master plan that drives it by quarter, by year, so it's good for us, because we look at it as just an opportunity to invest in low-risk, high-return room refurbs, which we're pretty good at, and certainly, in the Vegas and most destination markets, you get a very high return on.
Mark Frissora: We're not investing in skills-based gaming in terms of -- we don't have standalone projects on that at all. We are doing side bets and we do develop our own table side bet games and we patent some of those, but nothing on skills-based games per se.
Mark Frissora: The wheel, as we mentioned before, Kevin, we provided a glimpse into the number of riders, that's generally consistent with that from the previous period. We do get a significant amount of group business and tour and travel business to join the wheel. One of the areas where we've seen particularly strong traction is with our Happy Half Hour promotion, where we have a bar cart in the wheel. And with it up-sell price on the ticket, customers can ride the wheel and have drinks while they are going around on the ride. So those efforts are definitely underway. It still drives a significant amount of business to the promenade and to the casinos that we have surrounding the wheel. And then from a return on investment perspective, we're pleased with the return from the initial capital investment.
Mark Frissora: So I'll address that. If you notice whenever we present a hold impact, we always provide a range. And part of the reason why we provide the range is because a predicted hold when you're talking about table games volatility has a number of factors including game mix, rules associated with the game, certain discounts and promotions that we offer and so we provide a range. It just happens that in this case the hold was modestly negative and our point estimate fell between the $0 million and $5 million range, so that's the range we provided.
Mark Frissora: No, it's the other way around. So it was not added back last year. We called it out last year as an item that was negatively impacting it. So this year's performance wouldn't have that associated bad debt expense.
Mark Frissora: Yes. So we have a number of the room renovation projects underway. The Planet Hollywood phase one, which is a modest number of rooms we expect to be concluded this quarter, and then the large number will be concluded in the fourth quarter of this year. For Paris, again, we have the three projects that's currently underway that will be done also in this quarter and then the larger room products in the third quarter. You've heard us talk about the Julius Tower and we started the renovation in that on the fourth quarter and so the rooms are coming back at a regular pace now and we had sizeable percentage back for New Year's of last year. And then at Harrah's, we have a full tower down right now of around 600 rooms and that's expected to come back in the second quarter of 2016. So what we try to do is to space the room renovations, so that we as a market, from a market-wide perspective have a relatively constant amount of rooms out of service at any one time such that it doesn't negatively impact our ability to yield the hotel and can still run sizably high occupancies on the weekends, when we need the capacity.
Mark Frissora: So to answer that second question, the CRDA reimbursements were done, as the money was spent. So I think it was on every roughly $2 that we would spend, we'd get reimbursed a dollar on a month delay, something like that. And so to the extent that there is risk there, there maybe some few dollars remaining as we close up the project, but nothing substantial in terms of risk that we wouldn't get money from the CRDA. Overall, the convention center is performing exceptionally well and beyond our expectations. We continue to see very solid bookings. We anticipate that at the end of this quarter and as we head into the summer, we will start to see the number of actual room nights that are occupied pick up. As you know, convention here's typically don't have reluctance to book right around the time of opens of convention centers, because of the risk of delay to their project. But now that we've been open for five or six months those are starting to come in. And the feedback, we're getting continues to be very strong. The demand as we have mentioned before is also very strong in the Northeast corridor, and so we expect this project to be a very high-return, high-value projects for both the Harrah's Atlantic City and for the city.
Mark Frissora: I think we did say that we expected margin expansion, that's probably as aggressive as we want to get at this point in the year, given that the economy and other factors come into place. So we'll just feel good about our performance to date and feel positive enough to say that we expect margin expansion during the year.
Eric Hession: Sure, I can just give you some context, Kevin. When we renovate rooms substantially and change the branding of the tower, we then tend to be able to charge an enhanced premium something in the range of $48, $45. When it's a standard room renovation project where we don't necessarily change the theme of the room or just simply upgrade it, then we're kind of more in that $20 to $25 range, so it's a blend of those two, depending on what we decide to do with the particular tower and property.
Eric Hession: Sure. We don't provide direct guidance, Dave, so I'll pass on that question. But what I can say is that our ADR increases despite having them been quite rapid over the last three years, we're still below our 2007 peak level. We're also below that of our peer set, when we look at our comparable assets. We believe there are a number of factors that drive that. Some are our operational efforts that we're undertaking to improve that, but others are capital-intensive, as we've mentioned and we're addressing the capital as Mark mentioned over the next three to four years and trying to improve the operational aspects that would help us get up to parity as quickly as we can.
Eric Hession: I think that we are focused on improving productivity every year in the company. So we're developing a culture, where we try every year to figure out how to be more efficient. And this is why we had a great last year. Obviously, the rate of improvement is going to slow. But we still expect to find efficiency in our operations. We've got plans to do so. And we think we can find more ways to be efficient both in operations as well as in the marketing area and have plans to do so. We have a healthy set of initiatives this year that are offsetting those inflationary pressures that normal businesses have, and as well as the growth that we have planned for this year. So yes, we're feeling pretty good about productivity and hopefully this will be something that we'll be able to talk to for years to come.
Eric Hession: Yes. I think unfortunately, David, we can't address that question either talking about the capital structure at this point. We'll pass and you'll have to wait until we're done with the restructuring to really address any other capital structure questions.
David Farber: I had a couple of questions. I wanted to just touch first in Las Vegas. It appears you're sort of on [ph] parity now with the strip in ADR after a number of years of lagging. So I was curious to hear how much more you think you can drive RevPAR in the Vegas portfolio? And maybe somewhat related to that is what your outlook is for Vegas RevPAR at '16? And then I had a couple of follow-ups.
David Farber: The presentation has I think $350 million of incremental EBITDA related to cost savings and a lot of the marketing efficiencies. I was curious, if you think there is substantially more savings to come in your finding over the year? And what your thoughts are there? And then I had one last question.
David Farber: My last question, I was just curious, if you guys consider any bond buybacks in entities outside of CEOC given some of the returns potentially there versus some other uses of capital, any thoughts there given where paper is trading currently? And that's it from me.
