Tony Rodio: Thank you, Joyce. I'll provide a quick overview of our third quarter performance and recent developments before turning the call over to Eric to discuss the results in greater detail.First, a quick update on the merger with Eldorado. We filed our definitive proxy on October 11 and the shareholder votes for each of the companies will occur on November 15. We made significant progress on the integration planning and we remain on track to close in the first half of 2020.Turning to the results; third quarter net revenues totaled $2.24 billion up 2.3% year-over-year driven by growth across all of our business verticals and favorable hold in Las Vegas. Net revenues grew 0.7% year-over-year, adjusted for hold. Solid consumer demand in Las Vegas drove the higher revenues as we saw increased slot and table volumes, including an 18% increase in baccarat volumes and an increase in hold and hotel occupancy and ADR.Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $638 million, up 6.3% year-over-year driven by revenue growth and corporate expense reductions in payroll, professional services, legal expenses and risk management. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 100 basis points year-over-year to 28.5%.We are very pleased that we were able to deliver these strong results in the third quarter despite headwinds across our portfolio, including road closures in Indiana, which impacted visitations at Hoosier Park and Indiana Grand, also the temporary closure of the Colosseum at Caesars Palace and rooms at Harrah's Las Vegas for renovation and a decrease in demand at our [inaudible].On a trailing 12 month basis our domestic marketing costs represented 20.1% of gross revenue, reflecting a 20 basis point improvement in marketing efficiency year-over-year, while labor costs represented 23.4% of gross revenue, reflecting a 60 basis point improvement in labor efficiency.In September we announced an agreement to sell the Rio for $516.3 million. The sale of this asset allows us to focus our capital resources on strengthening our portfolio of the Las Vegas Strip properties and is expected to result an incremental EBITDA growth at those properties.Importantly, we continue to have more marking rights for our valuable seasonal rewards customers and we’ll retain hosting rights to the World Series of Poker. We expect to close the sale by the end of 2019 subject to customary closing conditions. For the sale agreement we will continue to operate The Rio for a minimum of two years pursuant to a lease agreement to be signed at closing, and the property will remain part of the Caesars Rewards network during that lease period.We continue to grow our sports betting business across the third quarter and are pleased with the progress we've made over the past year. We've recently expanded Caesars sports books to Iowa and Indiana and now have Caesars branded sports books across 29 locations in seven states: Nevada, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Mississippi, Iowa, Indiana and New York.Mobile sports betting is already live in Nevada and New Jersey and we expect to launch in Pennsylvania pending regulatory approval. The new sports books are driving increased visitation and customer engagement across our portfolio and we expect sports betting to be a key value driver for the company over the coming years.Now, I’ll turn the call over to Eric to review our financial results in more detail before getting to your questions.
Tony Rodio: Okay, thanks Carl. Yeah, on the last quarterly call I think I had mentioned that it was my goal to take $25 million to $50 million worth of cost out of business by the time we got to the closing of the transaction. I'm happy to say today that I would now make that estimate somewhere between $75 million to $100 million and I think it's going to be on the higher end of that, and it comes in a variety of buckets.From a property standpoint we've eliminated a number of slot participation games across the whole portfolio. We've also reduce consultants and outside contractors and professional services. We’ve suspended our international efforts and pursuits for licenses in Japan and other jurisdictions, and then just natural attrition particularly here at corporate as people have left. We take a very cautious approach about filling those positions. We don't want to hire people into harm’s way, if it's a position that may be part of a larger synergy down the road.And then lastly, few weeks ago we launched a voluntary severance program which we had approximately 50 people raise their hand here at corporate, which again allows us to eliminate the cost between now and the closing, but we were able to allow them to take the benefits they would have gotten if they had stayed through closing. So I think it was a win-win for everybody.So again, I would say now it's about $75 million to $100 million. And we are beginning to see it flow through, but I think you'll see more of the flow though as we get into the first quarter, because a lot of those voluntary severances, they will be allowed to accept them over the course of the next couple of months.
Tony Rodio: And the only color I would add to that as well, there is a little bit of noise in that market given the competitive effect of Derby, Kentucky BLT. Thank you.
Tony Rodio: Well, I mean I think we anticipate being able to maintain the vast majority of that. I don’t know Eric if you have an exact number in terms of what our forecasts were, but the ability to retain World Series of Poker, being able to retain our Caesars Rewards customers, and still managing the property for the next two years, we think that a lot of that business is just going to be transferred over to our other eight properties in Las Vegas.
Tony Rodio: Well, my expectation is that we begin to turn that around. I mean Atlantic City certainly from the last number of quarters and since the new competition opened has been going in the wrong direction, and before you can turn something around and move it in the right direction, first you have to stop the decline and I think we've accomplished that. We are testing some new marketing initiatives that are more targeted towards specific customers, decliners and inactive and customers that we feel we've lost market share to our competitors. So I'd like to think that we're going to be able to show improved trends there over the balance of the fourth quarter, and more importantly into 2020.
Tony Rodio: Number one, the upside at the two Indi properties as a result of the phase 1 of tables coming online and we do think that we'll see growth there in a couple of phases, because we're not going to be able to fit many table games in to either of those businesses as we would like, so in the second phase we’ll have to include an expansion of the buildings, but certainly upside at the Indi properties in 2020.The boat to land as you mentioned is also going to be a driver. We think that we're going to continue to upside as sports betting continues to spread across the country and then probably not in 2020, but in New Orleans we view as a lot of upside with the extension of our lease and the $325 million that we're going to deploy there, that we have to deploy by 2024.Additional rooms there, we run at 100% occupancy. We buy 30,000 to 50,000 rooms from non-gaming hotels in the market and we have somewhere in the vicinity of 100,000 with [inaudible] every year, so we have a lot of upside at New Orleans, but again that probably won't be 2020.As far as the headwinds, there are definitely some competitive headwinds, totally live as expected to open. Not for the latter part of 2020, but that'll affect both Philly and AC. We've got gaming expansion in Arkansas and Oklahoma and then the VGT expansion continues in Illinois, as well as the historical rating games in Kentucky.
Tony Rodio: Yeah, I think that it's more continuing to do business as usual. I think the guys here, the marketing team have done a fantastic job with you know – there's always some exceptions are allies and again, I would reference Atlantic City as one of those, where I think that we kind of weren’t as aggressive as we should be in the face of the new competition. So by and large across the other regional markets and here in Las Vegas, we are continuing to test new programs. We're even doing some testing here in Las Vegas, but there's not going to be a wholesale dramatic change to our marketing approach from a direct marketing standpoint.
Tony Rodio: And if I could just add some color onto the Las Vegas results, because I don't – we definitely had a favorable hold, but I don't want that to minimize the tremendous results we had across the whole portfolio in Las Vegas.As Eric mentioned in his comments, for the third straight quarter we had record hotel cash revenue, and you would think that would come at the expense of gaming volumes, because we're putting more cash customers in the room, but we were able to grow our slot volume and our table volumes by 2%. Our baccarat volume 18%, food and beverage revenues continue to escalate and we continue to do very well from an entertainment standpoint.Overall because of the closure of the Colosseum for two months, it wasn't quarter-over-quarter up, but on event-by-event basis its certainly up and we just had for example Guns N’ Roses in the Colosseum and with the changes that we made to the facility, it's a great customer experience. We're able to do more throughput in terms of beverage sales and you know the bookings for next year are very exciting to look forward to from an entertainment standpoint. So I think overall Las Vegas is just – I think we're doing extremely well.
Tony Rodio: Well, I agree with that, but it's not from my standpoint. The first and foremost I wanted to give credit to the management team here at Caesar's palace. They've done a great job, them and their Asian marketing team, cultivating and creating relationships with that business. As a matter of fact we’re just coming back from a business trip over there to do just that very thing.I think also the capital dollars that we’ve deployed with our villas, those experiences I think are second to none. I don't know what the exact numbers are. I’d have to believe that that 18% is a bit of a steal of share, as well as growth, but I think it comes mostly from the senior management team here at Caesar's palace and the Asian marketing team.
Tony Rodio: Like sports betting in and of itself, its certainly driving incremental EBIDA, but I think that that's the smallest component of what we're benefiting from as a result of the sports betting legislation.If you look at a property like Hammond, leading up to us, opening the sports book revenues for the few quarters before that had been down a point or two. In the two months since we've opened the sports book, our revenues are up around 4%. We're seeing significant lift in our food and beverage sales; we're seeing a significant lift in foot traffic, our gaming volumes are up as a result. So yeah, we're making money one sports betting by itself, but we're making even more money because of all the traffic it's creating.
Tony Rodio: Well, certainly I think that those are also headwinds as well. I mean I think the good thing is it appears to be some political uncertainty about the gaming property and the license in downtown Chicago, which I think would have the greatest impact. I don't know if we’ve forecasted the impact from Gary, but it certainly is going to be a little bit of a headwind and the expansion of adding – going from 5 to 6 VGT’s in Illinois is going to impact our businesses beyond Gary – I mean, Hammond, Joliet, as well as Metropolis.I think the bigger impact on the VGT isn’t the six unit. I think the bigger impact is that customers can wager more and win more. I think it makes it a more compelling and enticing product for people who just want a convenient gaming option.
Eric Hession: Yeah, it is a great question, and we do have experience as we’ve moved other properties from the boat to land. There are two real drivers; one is on the cost side, you no longer have to maintain the boat, which includes sometimes captains and dredging expenses and so forth, and so the downside of the project from a return standpoint is really limited and you can get about a 6% to 8% return simply by looking at the costs that you're pulling out of the business by moving from both the land.Then on the other side you create a much better environment for your customers, both from the field perspective and also in the gambling perspective of the casino, and what we’ll typically see there is a ultimately another kind of 5% to 10% change. So we target around a 15% return on these projects and that I have no reason to expect that we wouldn’t be able to get that.
Eric Hession: No, it was the other way Harry. Sorry, we had a negative of about 11, that's on a year-over-year basis in the regions and then positive of 37 in Vegas, so net positive of around 25 for the company.
Eric Hession: Yeah, and we're seeing it across the board. If you look at the books that we opened in Iowa, if you look at the ones in Mississippi and in Indiana, they're all having similar effect, some larger magnitude than others, but there's no question that they are definitely influencing customer visitation trends and have a direct impact on the amount of food and beverage that we’re selling.
Eric Hession: The only think I’d add to that is broadly speaking when we look across the entire portfolio and we're in the middle of our plan process for next year, we do see less competitive disruption this coming year than what we've experienced this year and the prior year. It just happens to be concentrated in the markets that you called out, but broadly speaking it's less than in prior years.
