Eric Hession: Thanks, Anthony. I'm very pleased with the progress that we made in our Digital business during 2022. If you recall, our objective is to drive a solid return on investment for our shareholders as our business grows and matures over time. Our thesis was grounded on a reasonable TAM and early estimate and effort to build our brand awareness and harvesting the benefits of a very scalable business with a high portion of fixed costs. The key to taking advantage of scale in a mostly fixed cost business is to drive improvements in net revenue. Net revenues for sports and online are primarily determined by a combination of volume, hold and offset by the cost of promotions. I'm pleased that in Q4 year-over-year, our volume was up 7%, hold up 100 basis points and promotional expense down 43%. The combination of these three metrics resulted in us reporting the highest quarterly net revenue results to date growing by over 100% year-over-year and the smallest adjusted EBITDA loss since rebranding to Caesars Sportsbook in August of 2001. On the sports betting side, we continued to focus our product and technology improvements on the overall experience for our customers. They responded very favorably to the improved in-game parlay product enhancements, the in-game wagering improvements, streaming technology and the introduction of live scores. During the quarter, we also started to see the results of our segmented marketing campaigns that allow us to reward customers more directly for their loyalty and play. As referenced earlier, these efforts were direct contributors towards our net revenue growth as they allowed us to improve our promotional spending efficiency. We anticipate continued enhancements in this critical area over the course of 2023. On the Isle Casino side, work is well underway toward creating a significantly improved product experience for our customers that will be rolled out in the second half of 2023. The new product experience will also include enhanced marketing capabilities, such as segmented and life cycle triggered offers, which we currently do not have for iGaming. In the meantime, we continue to add new content, which has been well received. iGaming remains a critical component of our digital growth strategy for 2023 and beyond. From an expansion standpoint, in Q4, we opened retail locations in Puerto Rico and Kansas and launched online sports betting in Maryland. In addition, on January 1, we launched sports betting online in Ohio and retail. We now offer sports betting in 29 North American jurisdictions, 21 of which offer mobile wagering. We plan to launch our mobile sports app in Massachusetts later this week to accept registrations and deposits. And pending final regulatory approvals, we anticipate accepting wagers starting in mid-March. I'll now pass the call to Bret for some additional comments on Q4 and the full year.
Eric Hession: Yes. Maybe I'll jump in and take this one, David. So the big change that we're going to make is to have a standalone casino app. So right now, if you want to play on the casino, you have to go download the sports betting app and then find the casino icon, click on it and go through the casino. We'll also be offering a casino app that then you can do the same thing and go back to the sports betting side, but it will be much easier to use from a customer perspective who's looking just for the casino side. We'll also be creating some branded live table games in the various states more so than we have right now. We'll also be introducing the ability to do segmented and triggered marketing. So much like if you recall, a year ago, we were unable to do that on the sports betting side. We're now able to do segmentation on the sports betting side, but we're not on the casino side. And so we're unable to use the learnings from the years' and years' experience we have on the brick-and-mortar side on the iCasino side. And so we'll be having that come along as well. From a games content perspective, that's something we can address now. And so what you'll see is over the next say two to three months, we'll be making steady releases, adding more games, particularly on the iOS side where we don't have as many as on the Android side. So the game content will be coming along. We'll be adding custom table games that are branded as Caesars, but the big changes will be the segmented marketing the ability to do triggered life cycle journeys and then the stand-alone app that you'll see in the second half.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. You're right. It was, I would say, mostly structural changes that we made, there was definitely a favorable outcome on some key sporting events. But one of the things we measure is multi wager tickets. So like it could be same game parlays or multi-game parlays or however that you -- the customer wants to bet. And those -- the percentage of those as a function of our overall bets is steadily rising. This is kind of the third year that we have good data on it. And we're continuing to see improvements. And as you know, the hold in those products are much higher. We've also done a better job merchandising it. So if you go on our app now, you'll see we have pre-canned parlays, so they're effectively prebuilt. Right now, they're the same for everybody. But in the future, we'll be able to use some segmented marketing to display different pre-canned parlays, which I think will be really -- customers will be really receptive to that. We also have boosts that we offer on the tiles across the top and the boosts are well received by the customers. And those also help improve the hold overall for the product. In addition, we've made a number of changes on our trading team. We now have the trading team organized by sport. We fully separated from the William Hill team, and we also have the modeling being done for the most part now in-house. So our analytics team has built a lot of the models that we use for in-play trading, which also helps have more customization for our position with the book, but it also just over time, will help our whole percentages.
Tom Reeg: So I don't know that I want to get into that level of granularity in terms of quarter-by-quarter, I'd tell you that right now, we are high single-digit percentage points above 2019 levels. Recall that we never reached 2019 levels in '22. Obviously, the back half of the year from a calendar basis, citywide sets up very strong. So we feel very good about group business in '23.
Tom Reeg: Yes, Joe, I think that's certainly possible. The important thing is when it happens. So I would be -- I'm expecting Super Bowl level activity, if not stronger. But if you lost the Super Bowl in February, you're still going to have a strong weekend. There's obviously incremental lift from the Super Bowl. But when you're talking about in November, that's our softest period of the year. So the lift is far more dramatic on a year-over-year basis. So yes, I'd be looking at for us something along those lines, 5% or better in terms of EBITDA lift for the quarter that's driven by that weekend.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'd expect that we're going to -- will be a significant free cash flow generator still. So I don't think that ends the deleveraging. But yes, we want to be sub-4x levered that's been consistent since we closed the Caesars transaction.
Tom Reeg: Yes, that's true, Carlo. I prefer not to get super granular I'd say, the mix in that 550-plus number will lean towards sports betting, but is on a per state basis, obviously, iGaming is overrepresented.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I mean, I don't -- I'm no economist. So I don't know that I'm surprised by what's happening. I think we lock people up in their homes to for some period of time throughout the country. And then we're comparing periods of time that are not apples-to-apples because that's never happened before. So I don't know if you think about how lives have been reordered in terms of time as an example. There's less working from an office, there's more working remotely. We've always viewed these businesses as the limiting factor was cash. If your customer didn't have -- your customer your business is going to fluctuate based on how much cash your customer has. Obviously, that's going to have significant correlation. I don't know if time was a limiting factor as well, that people can now spend time doing things that they enjoy longer than they could before because they're not commuting to a city center, and they're not spending the money to do that. But all I can tell you is what we see in the business is continued strength and where you know we're up against strong comps going back for a few quarters now, and we're still growing. So with all the handing over what will happen, I expect when we do get a turn in the cycle, I'm expecting a normal business cycle recession where you get a substitution effect two regional properties out of destination, but we certainly don't see anything in our destination business today that suggests that, that's on the horizon.
Tom Reeg: I mean that's another -- that's more uncharted territory. The answer is we don't know, suspect that the digital player is more just money if you're looking at money versus time constrained, I suspect the digital player is more -- leans toward money as they achieve constraint and brick-and-mortar is a mix. But how will they behave in a downturn? I don't know that there's enough difference between the two to say you're going to see a significant divergence.
Tom Reeg: That's over and done with. That's a technology issue. We're running Nevada on old technology, not Liberty. Liberty needs approval. It's actually the PAM provider that needs approval. We expect that relatively soon, and so we expect Nevada to be on Liberty for next football season. So that's certainly not something that we were -- that we enjoyed while it was going on, but it's in the rearview mirror at this point.
Tom Reeg: Yes, Dave. So I want to get out of updating that number. You should assume that it continues to grow. It's our rewards database that we're leaning on in this business more and more as time goes on. States open and every customer is up for grabs we're in there. But as states mature, what you see us doing is leaning into our rewards database and bringing those new customers into our database and we're seeing a lot of cross-market play. I get -- anecdotally, I get a report of big winners and losers in both sports and iGaming every day. And a year ago, there was -- the report will show their brick-and-mortar history, and this is particularly true in iCasino. You didn't see a lot of correlation between big iGaming players and brick-and-mortar players. And now you're seeing -- if it's 25 people on the sheet every day, 20 of them have significant brick-and-mortar history. So you can see it continuing to build through the reward system, which is exactly what we were hoping would happen.
Tom Reeg: Yes. You're seeing group come in increase over '22 at the expense of OTA and lower-end FIT business. So you're getting a dramatic lift in rate. That customer is going to skew more toward non-gaming offerings. So you'll have some impact on casino revenue. But overall, your -- in some cases, particularly in -- early in this quarter, you're filling a room that was unfilled last year. As you move through the year, you're basically trading up to a more valuable customer. And while their mix of spend may be a little different, their profitability is significantly higher than what they're replacing.
Tom Reeg: Sure. Yes, it's all of the above. So it's continued momentum from what we're doing here. You've got a business that's growing organically and has added a bunch of states, some more recently than others. We're -- there doesn't appear to be a huge new state pipeline coming on. Obviously, we've got a significant ramp expected in iGaming as we get into back half of '23. And then you do have all of that, the original partnerships that were stuck in that should be rolling off starting in '24, '25 on and some of the chunkier ones that flow directly to EBITDA as they run off.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So without giving a target, we've got an advantage against some others in terms of we own all of our licenses, we think we've got a customer acquisition cost advantage tying into our database against all, to some degree, but some significant advantage there. We think that sports will be lower margin than iGaming, but that both will be material margin, and we have a long history of performing well on a margin basis, on a relative basis, and we would expect that to be the same in Digital as it's been in the brick and mortar.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So I'd say we have been dealing with labor cost inflation since the reopening. We've got the -- or the Nevada union contracts are up in the middle of this year. We've begun discussions with the unions and to put it plainly, we're doing well. We've been doing well. Our employees should do well. So we've built into our analysis. We expect labor cost inflation through this new union contract in the back half, starting in the back half of '23. And with what we've got going on in the business, we think we'll be able to navigate that just fine.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So Brandt, we've seen a significant lift in demand as we measure it in terms of forward bookings in the last few weeks. As I said, March is setting up for one of the strongest months we've had certainly from a rate and occupancy standpoint. As you get toward the back half of the year, you're comping against quarters where we were full, so you're going to see more of a rate lift. It's really the first half of the year that has benefited in filling in occupancy that wasn't there in '22, primarily midweek.
Tom Reeg: I think it will be a mix of both that will tap into our own network, but that also there will be some market share gain as well. You've seen even in this environment where we've not been aggressive at all from a promotional perspective. I'd go back and look at what's happened in Illinois market share for us. You see us continuing to class share. We're certainly still nothing to write home about. But when you give the customers a better product, we've got a lot of customers that are that lean towards doing business with us if we've got the right product. And we think that we're going to be there shortly, and we'd expect similar experience.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So I'd say spend to date has been modest. We see the same documents that you see that suggests they're looking to award something by the end of the year, but there's a potential cut through the location boards of the various properties that's upcoming in the next quarter or so. We continue to believe we've got the project that will open the quickest. We'll start paying New York, the tax is the quickest. It's in an area that doesn't need zoning approval. Obviously, is already tourist-focused but I can assure you, we are not going to be the one that wins because we built the biggest housing development outside of our casino. We're going to win this on the merits of the property and how quickly we can get open and how well it fits into the local environment. If it becomes an arm's race of who is going to spend the most money, we won't win.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I would say you should expect a more normal year of seasonality in Vegas this year where early in the year, your soft ramp up in the kind of right about now in the first quarter, and that goes until it gets really hot here. Third quarter is the seasonal slowest point. Fourth quarter, you've got November is typically your slowest month of the year, but that's when F1 will hit this year. So I think you get that bump that we talked about earlier in Joe's question.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'd expect with full-on group business with FORUM operating, I think you should expect us to continue to creep higher into the high teens in terms of percentage of overall room next year.
Tom Reeg: We are not active in that market, so I can't speak with first-hand knowledge. I'd tell you today would have been a tough day to try to do something. But we were -- the deal that we did in January by a number of metrics was one of the largest ones that's happened in the credit markets generally and certainly in gaming in quite a while. So I wouldn't describe it as credit markets are wide open. At this point, they have been getting better, but in an environment where the Fed is still raising, it's still a dicey environment where you got to pick your spots.
Tom Reeg: Yes, we're presuming that -- we're presuming that those proceeds would -- they add lease adjusted debt, they'd be used to pay off conventional debt so that that would be -- that wouldn't change the net result materially.
Tom Reeg: We don't assume anything beyond what's known to the markets today. So we're not anticipating there's a big state shoe that's going to drop.
