Mark Frissora: Thanks Eric and please turn to Slide 28. To recap, we continue to make headway on our cornerstone initiatives with new total reward partnerships, room product investments, including the Phase 1 renovation of the Flamingo, continuous business improvement projects, and further recognition for our customer service focus. We are optimistic that all approvals required for CEOC to emerge from bankruptcy will be received this quarter, and then we will begin operating under the new company structure in early October. As CEOC’s restructuring comes to a conclusion, we will focus on revenue growth and efficiency initiatives to further improve our margins and cash flow. Once again, we want to reiterate that we feel good about our core business and we expect to exceed our full-year EBITDA projection. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us today for our second quarter 2017 financial and operational results quarter. We’ll now open the line for Q&A and we ask that you please keep your questions focused on the business performance. Operator.
Mark Frissora: I will take a stab at it. We’re seeing stronger revenue growth year-over-year in our core gaming business, we were seeing stronger occupancy rates in our hotels. All regions are pretty much showing stronger growth obviously with the exception of Baltimore, and we had some one-offs and Caesars Palace both on a whole basis and also on the baccarat business which is very sporadic and seasonal. So the VVIP players that didn't show up this year in the second quarter, I expect to show up in the back half of the year. So the median business is strong for us in the back half of the year so that’s another - that will be another boost of profitability. So we expect the RevPAR and ADR to improve at least at a lot of higher level than what they did in the second quarter. Eric, please add anything else.
Mark Frissora: Yes not much has changed. I think that we’re continuing to be in the hunt so to speak in Japan. We feel good about our prospects there, and we continue to stay involved as required if you will through that process, and here in the Toronto and again that’s a process where we are not sure when there will be a formal announcement, we continue to think our prospects are good.  In terms of other activity that’s going on around the world and there’s a lot of things that are starting. On Brazil, we’re still waiting to see that we’re active there. We are waiting to see when legislation will be put in place, so that we have an opportunity to pursue their. Eric, please add anything.
Mark Frissora: Yes there is no question that having a marquee boxing or MMA or other event certainly helps our performance from an ADR perspective. When the city regardless of where the event is, draws a significant amount of people, it creates compression and we’re all able to raise our rates. So, I think if you were to go look at the published rates during the Mayweather-MacGregor week fight, you would see a sizable increase relative to what they were before the fight announced. So that’s very positive for us. From a higher gaming standpoint, we’ll have do see in terms of what types of customers come in. Broadly speaking it does provide a positive for the quarter, but there are a lot of days and it fills up the weekend, but there are other positive aspects that are going on in the quarter that led us to have the confidence to increase our estimates.
Mark Frissora: I mean, we are seeing growth at this point anyways in the third quarter on a year-on-year basis; it’s much stronger than 3%. So, I would just say that our confidence to increase the estimate and understand what’s happening in the back half of the year in third quarter and fourth quarter is high given what we see what our bookings are, our understanding how that impacts gaming revenues as well, what cash business we have versus non-cash. So we have pretty good visibility for at least the next three months, and then actually when we look at meetings, schedules, and as well as kind of what we’re seeing as a trend in the business, we’re feeling very good year-on-year given what we did in the second half of last year. So our increase in the second half of this year will be significantly higher than what the first half was on a year-on-year basis. The best thing I could say is just significantly higher. So higher than let's say an ongoing 3% number for the second half of this year.
Mark Frissora: I don't [indiscernible] didn’t see that, but so at this point I wouldn't predict that, but I mean third quarter again will be a better growth rate then what we experienced certainly in the second quarter and first quarter.
Mark Frissora: No, I would say that in May and June, we saw that the meetings schedules were unusually light, and that drove some softness in midway demand for example in the hotel business, and obviously that also impacts our gaming revenue. We had, if you exclude Caesars Palace, we had growth of about 1.4% on gaming revenue, if you exclude Caesars Palace for This Strip. So in general it wasn't bad for a moment, we saw a slight improvement, which is always good as it relates to just the core gaming business at large. So we feel pretty good about the demand that was there. If we exclude certain kind of one-time issues, you know when you look at this baccarat issue it has a bigger impact for us on share and it was a big year-over-year decrease, and it was driven by a list of maybe 15 to 20 customers, which, you know they show-up in different intervals, and this is a very highly kind of volatile and cyclical demand pattern for these customers and so they’re all planning visits with us in the second half of the year. They didn't have visits as they did in the second quarter. In fact, they didn't have visits in the second quarter of this year. So that’s what drove that particular weakness.
Mark Frissora: Sure. So, I think in terms of the broad hotel performance in the market, as Mark mentioned, the May and June period was slightly weaker and that was due to the cyclical nature of the group business pulling back and a few other factors as we look towards the second half of the year though based on the bookings, we think that that’s coming back and the back half of the year will be relatively strong from an ADR perspective. From a renovations perspective however, we continue to see the same $20 to $30 improvement per room night on a renovated room, it’s just when the overall market is either up or down, that variant still persists, but the absolute numbers that we get in terms of the total ADR is somewhat reflective of how the market is doing. So, we continue to believe that investing in our room product is the right decision, and we continue to believe that we’ll be able to drive additional ADR relative to the overall market, given the fact that the market does go up and down in terms of having certain swings.
Mark Frissora: Sure. As we said in the document related to the merger and we referenced in the conference call, we’d expect that this point based on all of the indications that we have from the regulators to complete getting all of the approvals by the end of September, and then now it will allow us to ultimately close the transaction in early October, and again that’s based on all the information that we have at this point.  From a refinancing perspective, as you referenced, we clearly believe that there’s an opportunity to reduce our interest expense through refinancing of both CERP and CGP and particularly the bonds that are still priced based on when they were put in place pre-restructuring and pre - the performance of the business over the last two years. Because those are in two different companies, the timing of that has to ultimately be post emergence.  So given the step down that occurs in October - early October, our goal would be to complete that refinancing as soon as possible and save the interest expense as quickly as we can.
Mark Frissora: I would say that we continue to forecast that for the rest of the year that we will improve our marketing efficiency, we’ve been pretty much beating our business plan on marketing efficiency every quarter, including the second quarter. So marketing as a percent of sales from an efficiency standpoint we believe will continue to improve in the back half of the year. And the same thing will be true of our labor efficiency.  So we’ve got obviously a fairly large labor number of around 2.3 billion as our spend on labor as a company, and so we will do see - I think revenue per employee, gross revenue per employee continue to go up, so we will continue to have productivity from a label standpoint. We have a number of initiatives on a revenue generation that with the increased revenue that we’re going to see in the third and fourth quarter, coupled with tight operating controls around in our first - the labors piece and the marketing piece, we showed again demonstrate some nice efficiency improvements for both marketing and labor. And then we've got some new technology coming on board as well. I know that we went live with Oracle on the financial ledger project and that project has so far has gone well, we would like to see the closing - the first closing, but we anticipate no hiccups there and with that project, we have significant savings so Wisconsin has to run that system roughly $12 million to $13 million a year, that now has gone down to $2.5 million a year approximately. So, again that efficiency will start ticking in as well in the third and fourth quarter.
Mark Frissora: Well, I mean, I don't know what we’ve said so far, but we had a significant number of improvements that our plan in 2011 [ph] come in the back half of the year. So we haven’t given a forecast on that so I guess maybe as we give later in the quarter we maybe give some estimates on what those initiatives generate, but at this point it would be premature to do that.
Mark Frissora: Again on the M&A front, you obviously, we were anticipating emergence in October and yes we are participating in - I must say M&A activity that’s going on in the industry right now. So, where it makes sense. Where do that we think there is value. So, yes we’re participating [indiscernible]. Our current situation is not preventing us from participating in the types of projects that we see domestically. Eric.
Eric Hession: Yes, the only other thing Chad is, we do have additional visibility into a lot of the initiatives that we’ve been putting in place, and as those gain traction we get more and more confident and the ability to have those deliver. As we’ve discussed before, we put a number of initiatives in place and then we discount those values based on probability of success, and as those again demonstrate their ability to gain traction then we get more confidence and build them into our forecast and that’s partially what you're seeing here as well.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. We - if you back out Caesars Palace and you back out Baltimore then we saw about 2% gaming growth across the enterprise. As Mark mentioned some regions where stronger than others, so we saw some traction in the Louisiana Mississippi region this quarter, which if you recall has been a challenge for us for probably the past four to five quarters. Atlantic City was also reasonably strong. The other markets in the Midwest were up a few percent to down a few percent, and then the balance of Las Vegas, again backing out Caesars Palace was also up year-over-year. So broadly speaking, we feel reasonably encouraged by the performance of the business backing out those two, kind of externalities. From a segment perspective, our spend per trip across the enterprise was up 3.5%. VIP trips were up approximately 2%, and then our VVIP trips were up about 7%. So again, pretty good performance on the side of the gaming broadly speaking and it was really just a couple of properties that were isolated in terms of the fairly large contractions.
Eric Hession: Yes, I would add. We haven't provided any specific guidance in terms of specific dollars of initiatives. However, they are reflected in our projections that we’ve provided. The improvement of $40 million over the initial projections do reflect our current estimate of those initiatives, as well as the core revenue growth in the market.
Eric Hession: Yes that’s right. Mike as you know the process of acquiring something going through the diligence and closing in the regulatory period, I would certainly extend past our target emergence date, so from that standpoint, if something is available or something that we see is interesting where we started to work on those in anticipation of emergence. To address your first question with respect to Baltimore, as you know we own 41% of the equity in Baltimore and manage the facility. It is traded under the accounting principles as variable interest entity, and as such there are certain rules that allow you to either consolidate it or require you to not-consolidate it, due to a change in the board governance rules that were negotiated at the time that the JV was put in place that those would change three years after reopened. The accounting determination is that those tie-breaker rules no longer fall in one direction and instead fall in the other direction thus requiring us to deconsolidate it. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that does not impact any cash flow to the entity, it’s purely a presentation on the income statement and balance sheet, but our cash generated by the entity and the operations of the entity don't change at all.
Eric Hession: Sure. I’ll take them in sequence. From an M&A perspective, when we look at our portfolio there are number of different targets that might make sense to us. We could either look at targets where we would improve our position in a particular market, or we could look at targets where we would get exposure and distribution of the total awards network to a market where we currently don't exist.  I think in both those cases, we have a compelling reason beyond the strategic reason of upgrading our property or distributing the total awards card, in the sense that from a financial perspective, we believe you will get an increase in revenues due to the introduction of the total awards card.  And then we will also have significant synergies due to the centralized nature of our operating structure, which is becoming even more beneficial as we introduce new systems that are cloud-based. As Mark referenced, for example, the GL that’s a cloud-based GL system that’s put in place, our seats are basically purchased and so the inclusion of an additional property into that GL, but the marginal cost of that is almost to 0. So, as we move to more of these types of systems the ability for us to include another property into our system would improve from an efficiency perspective and thus drive even more synergies. So from that standpoint, we think that there are a number of compelling opportunities domestically that would allow us to grow our total awards database and get great financial returns right after that. With respect to your second question of the refinancing, there are some regulatory approvals that need to happen. And so we’re working with our regulatory team to figure out the best timing on that. As you saw with the repricings, we closed a portion of the CERP repricing into escrow that’s always an option, so that we don't take market risk.  We’ll have to evaluate that versus the cost of closing certain things into escrow versus not, and evaluate how quickly we can get to market. There’s no question though from our standpoint. There is an opportunity that significantly reduces our interest expense, and we recognize that we run the risk of taking interest rate risk if there is some dislocation in the market. So, we want to do it as quickly as possible, but there are certain timelines that we have to adhere to.
