Bret Yunker: Thanks, Anthony. As everyone on this call is aware, we had a very active second quarter from a financial perspective, which was highlighted by our historic debt and equity executions that were successfully placed in late June, and yielded at $8.8 billion of proceeds to finalize the merger financing. In conjunction with our capital markets execution, we also announced $700 million of incremental liquidity through transactions with Vici and our banks that we expect to be effective by the end of September. The driving logic behind our capital raises was to put an abundance of liquidity on the balance sheet, that will allow us to navigate through various operating scenarios that we understand will evolve alongside the ongoing health crisis. Pro forma for the full redemption of the Caesars convertible notes and closing of the aforementioned transactions will have access to $2.2 billion of undrawn revolving credit facilities, just under $1 billion of operating cash, and approximately $600 million of excess cash on the balance sheet. Based on current operating trends, and the execution of incremental cost savings, we expect to end the year with the bulk of that excess cash on hand, and zero balance on the revolvers. Given the number of properties in our system and short booking windows being experienced in our destination markets, this is the most dynamic modeling scenario we've ever encountered. What we know sitting here today is that our regional portfolio, in large part is performing admirably on a year-over-year basis. The strip will remain challenged until we see a meaningful return of group business and other non-gaming forms of entertainment. And we will continue to execute on our original plan to drive merger-related revenue and expense synergies. Our approach to maintenance and growth capital investment will be focused and disciplined. We're learning more every day about the Caesars portfolio and are excited by many of the investment opportunities being brought to us by both our corporate and property level leadership teams, and the potential for cash flow savings in areas where capital resources had been previously misdirected. In terms of modeling over the next 12 months, we expect to spend approximately $350 million on CapEx, excluding any Atlantic City CapEx that was escrowed when we closed the merger. With that, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Bret Yunker: Yes. The round numbers are about $14.7 billion of traditional debt, and roughly $1.7 billion-ish of total cash. So $13 billion of net debt, which if you look back to last year's merger announcement deck, you would have landed at $13.5 and $1 billion so $12.5 billion. The difference is really the taking fees and some of the extra cash for CapEx.
Bret Yunker: Yes. No problem, David. I spoke about $350 million looking out over the next 12 months of CapEx across the portfolio, excluding Atlantic City specific CapEx which we asked growth for the day we closed the merger.
Bret Yunker: A little bit of both. We've got a compression of the portfolio obviously with a number of divestitures. So the size of the portfolio comes down. So this is the cadence of CapEx. There's a little bit of remaining room remodel CapEx in Las Vegas that was traditionally in that run rate number, that you would see by Caesars historically. So we've got a little bit of both. We expect that as everything comes back online, some of the lower returning capital projects will get turned on if you get past this next 12 months.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So, to give you Carlo specifics, we booked almost $200 million worth of business versus $120 million in last year's quarter. About 15% of that business was rebooked. So, 85% is new business.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So Carlo, we had some smaller properties that had processes ongoing before and through the merger process. So to the extent that any of that resolves itself, soon you could see some activity there, but that would be largely immaterial to the size of the business. If you look at what's coming. Obviously, we have divestiture trip requirements coming out of Indiana, that have a relatively near-term timeline associated with them. You should expect that we are working on those and we'll be looking to get something done relatively quickly. In Las Vegas, we still intend to sell a Las Vegas asset. I would say, pre-COVID we were talking about a deal within the first 12 months post-closing. It's possible that now that's first 12 to 18 months. But as soon as you get to the other side of the virus and more normalized business levels, you should expect we'll be thinking about that as well.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So Steve, as you know, normally we've been telling you, here's what the synergies realized were the first day, here's where we are versus our target, that's been flipped on its ear. You got about a little over $1 billion a quarter of cost that is not back in the business. And at closing, Caesars had executed on about $200 million of the original $400 million of cost saving. So, to hit our $800 million target, the $400 million original and the $400 million we announced in the financing, about half of that would stay offline. That certainly seems eminently achievable. And that would put our margins in the mid-30s versus a 28% number, if you use the same revenue number as 2019. But obviously, at a lower revenue number, that margin is going to be higher. I think that as you look out past what's going on with the virus and getting into a normal environment, I think you should be thinking about this consolidated business as at least high-30s of EBITDA margin if not four handle.
Tom Reeg: That's what we're bringing to the party, and what William Hill U.S. does combined. So we've got an ownership piece in William Hill U.S., which is predominantly our piece of the partnership that they have with us. Plus our iGaming stuff that's outside of that partnership. We think total revenue will be $600 million to $700 million next year.
Tom Reeg: You see, anecdotally, I tell you, you see significant activity because there's really not a lot else that's open. Right now, if you're in Vegas, you're at a gaming table and you are you're at a pool or you're in your room, and now you've got sports books as well you're seeing more than normal levels of activity live in the regional sports books.
Tom Reeg: Yes, clearly that's going to be key, a single wallet solution, particularly one that is tied to our rewards database. And what we can offer we think is going to be powerful. And as I said, we're already significantly EBITDA positive in that business. So, we don't have the same customer acquisition costs as others that we're competing with, nor do we have the access fees as well. So, that's why we think we can be so well positioned in this space. But as I said, I expect multiple winners here.
Tom Reeg: We laid out a -- we thought there was a path to $10 of free cash flow per share when we announced the transaction, we still think there's a path to $10 a free cash flow per share.
Tom Reeg: From a revenue standpoint, it's a recovery to something resembling 2019. But we're not presuming a peak beyond that.
Tom Reeg: It's a function of the former, that Caesars has not ramped its product in Pennsylvania and it has in New Jersey.
Tom Reeg: Look, you know that we're going to -- we're not going to be the guy that's out there buying share. We think the combination of all of the assets that we can bring to bear there and may rewards database should put us among the leaders in the space. And, I think that leaders in the space are going to be call it somewhere between 15% and 30% market share.
Tom Reeg: We were at -- prior Caesars was at 40% and about 15% of group business. We'd sure like to have that group business back. But as I said, that's going to take a little bit of time. Bringing the Eldorado -- the piece that you want to take from, is the OTA piece, just there's nothing wrong with OTAs it's just that customer is the least predictable in terms of what they spend outside the room. And so to the extent that we can, by bringing our customers into the Caesars database, increasing the opportunity set by 20%, we can claw some more share in casino play at the expense of OTA. That's a good trade for us. Casino segment for group segment is not as good of a trade, but it's far better than replacing group business with either an empty room or OTA customer.
Tom Reeg: Well, we look at Las Vegas as the city. So if we can open a property and it's additive to incremental EBITDA citywide, that's when we'll pull the trigger.
Tom Reeg: Well, as I said in answer to Thomas's question, you want a single wallet strategy that's integrated into your player data base and takes advantage of all the offerings that we have on the physical side. So you shouldn't expect us to do a deal that gets in the way of that outcome.
Tom Reeg: Everything's for sale every day, Barry. We’re entirely economic animals. In terms of what we are looking at the divestitures that you listed are what we’re considering. But we’re always happy to be wowed by for one of our assets. In terms of holes in the system, I really don't look at the map and say, I've got to figure out a way to be in some particular city. And you shouldn't expect us to be doing anything on the international front anytime soon.
Tom Reeg: I think it's long overdue in the space. I think this entire public health situation has been awful across the board. That's among the handfuls of silver linings that the handling of cash in this business is antiquated. Most of the rest of the world is now moving to cashless are already there. And I think that because of what's happened with the virus, I would expect the pace of the ability to get there to quicken. And that's a big cost savings for us. That's additional liquidity. It's a whole. It hits a lot of different areas that you might not be thinking of as you think of that transition. That would be a big win for the entire space.
Tom Reeg: So, I'd say we're at 55% in terms of volumes bodies. In terms of expenses that have come back, we'd be higher than that. Most of what is furloughed our frontline employees it is in terms of absolute volumes. So, there's more cost that has come back than the 55%. But that's where you think about areas that are likely gone forever. Like I'm amused to hear the rest of the space now talk about the phase like I've been talking about them with you for four or five years, Chad, where I don't really understand why we would lose as much money as we did in that business historically. Well, now, everybody seems to have come to that conclusion. And from a health and safety standpoint, frankly, it doesn't matter whether we came to that conclusion or not, you can't open. So, areas like that you're going to see significant costs not come back. We raised our synergy estimate by $400 million post-COVID. And significant piece of that is areas like that, that don't come back and then marketing that doesn't come back, where as I said, everybody in the space has gotten kind of the answer key to the test. And I don't expect a lot of that to come back.
Tom Reeg: Well the CBS partnership really from a business standpoint it's access to a database that should drive business. From a rollout the standpoint our books here are what is it William Hill at Caesars in terms of what the brand is online two brands, William Hill and Caesars.
Tom Reeg: And I'd add, David that $300 million doesn't include the capital that will be spent in Atlantic City, because for our purposes, the $400 million is already in escrow, it's already been spent.
Tom Reeg: So, like I said, you want the group business back, you'd like and expect that to grow as the forum comes online, with groups coming back. So that would eat into or that would grow higher. The casino mix, we expected it to go higher post transaction, because we're introducing the Eldorado player data basin, but that would have been at the expense of OTA. And in terms of experience at properties as we have reopened, it's been pretty steady throughout, it's been very heavy casino mix, which again speaks to the power of that database.
Tom Reeg: So day one, we were able to link your account. If you are, whether you were on the Eldorado side or the Caesar side, similar to when two airlines merges and you have both frequent flyer programs. So you can effectively transfer your status, it's a bit clunky. By the middle of September, it will have rolled out on a not fully functional but functional enough for most of the customer base throughout the Eldorado portfolio. And then there's another level of fully integrated like it was a Caesars property all along. That starts in December, and that'll probably take another six months or so to roll through the entire portfolio. So that's the mechanics. But in terms of impact on the business until you get to mid-September, and you rolled it out across the ERI system, you have the people that are really paying attention that are taking advantage now. It should be a step function in the middle of September.
Tom Reeg: The answer to what happened before yearend is a comprehensive strategy that describes how we are going to prosecute the sports opportunity that could include any number of what you laid out or more. We are looking for the greatest return for our shareholders. I'm not trying to solve for how much of an entity I need to own. But I'd also say, as I said in my opening remarks, this is the biggest growth opportunity I've seen in this space since riverboats were being legalized in the early 90s, that we want to own a lot. So, we're looking for what's the best path operationally, just in terms of running the business and we've had some questions we dealt with that and then what makes the best sense for our shareholders. And the marriage of that will produce what we're hoping to be able to announce by the end of the year.
Tom Reeg: So Vegas added about $100 million of revenue in June, and about $25 million of EBITDA. And in terms of July, we would have been softer than that pace for the first week and pretty much back at that pace after that.
