Eric Hession: Unfortunately, you're right. We just put them on the floor I believe last week. So we don't have data to share at this point. So I think we'll have to wait until the next conference call. We're obviously very excited to trial the games in Atlantic City and get the responses from the customers, but at this point unfortunately it's just too early to give any feedback.
Eric Hession: Yes, a similar answer. We haven't heard of any significant changes at this point. But as you know, it has been fairly recent when they changed ownership structure.
Eric Hession: From a database perspective, really the trends have been quite consistent for the last multiple quarters. We continue to see some slight increases in trips from our higher-end customers and our spend-per-trip across most categories continues to increase. Where we're seeing declines, it does tend to be in the lower-end segment, and that's on a trip basis, not necessarily on a spend-per-trip basis. So that's from the gaming side, which is largely consistent to what we've seen before. From the non-gaming side, which is particularly dominant here in Las Vegas, we continue to see relatively strong demand from the FIT, and overall, although it's somewhat lumpy, from the group customer the demand also continues to be reasonably strong.
Eric Hession: Sure. I'll just run through it and it's detailed in the Q that will be coming out shortly as well. For CERP, we spent $28 million, which makes our year-to-date $87 million. For CGP, it was $17 million and year-to-date would be $57 million. CES was $8 million in the quarter, which is $14 million year-to-date. And then at CEOC, it was $37 million, and that makes the total year-to-date $171 million. So the total for the quarter was $90 million and the total year-to-date was $329 million. As you saw in the materials, we did update our ranges slightly. The aggregate change for all the subsidiaries on a consolidated basis was to reduce the low end by $20 million and then the high end by $10 million. Again, I would think of that as basically timing. Some of our construction spending got pushed into 2017 that we had anticipated we would achieve in the late 2016 timeframe.
Eric Hession: Sure. I'll try to answer it first. From a positioning standpoint, one of the objectives that we've had and what's part of our cornerstone initiatives is to really improve the asset quality of our hotel rooms and the underlying product that we are able to offer to the customers. As you have been following since late 2014, we have undertaken an initiative to try to renovate the majority of our Las Vegas rooms and we're making significant progress along those lines. What ultimately happens is that then the customers perceive our product as better, we are able to then get more efficient bookings that cost us less, we also get up-sells as we've mentioned from a revenue standpoint, and customers that stay in upgraded rooms also tend to spend more on the other activities. So it's a very virtuous position to be in. As we mentioned, we'll have about 10,000 of the rooms or 44% completed by the midpoint of next year. And so, that will significantly improve our position with respect to the market. And that's really from a Las Vegas standpoint where we think the biggest upside is from that non-gaming side. Regarding the room construction disruption, we mentioned this quarter we had about 32,000 rooms out of order. We'd anticipate throughout next year, although again it could be somewhat lumpy, but we would anticipate to have outages of that similar magnitude. Certainly in the fourth quarter we have a number of towers under renovation, including significant construction at Paris and Planet Hollywood. And then heading into next year, we also take out the Palace Tower here at Caesars Palace, which is slightly over 1,100 rooms. So that's a significant renovation. Those will all finish up next year, but there is going to be similar construction disruption as we head into next year.
Eric Hession: Again, it's similar to how I answered Su's comment on the database makeup. The trends have been largely consistent. The FIT business has been relatively strong throughout the year. We don't see any reason why that would change. The group business, although it can be lumpy at times, has also been reasonably strong and we would expect 2017 to be a continuation of what we've achieved this year. So, from a mix standpoint, I wouldn't anticipate anything dramatically changing, just an improvement in our offerings which will enable us to be able to attract customers and charge higher rates on the ADR front.
Eric Hession: You're right, we had very unusual poor hold concentrated within CEOC, and you're right that adjusting for that makes it much more of a respectable performance for the quarter. The impact from the regional markets is really being hit down in the Louisiana-Mississippi region. There is definite weakness in the consumer. We believe it's centered around the oil and gas industry and it's kind of across the board in terms of our properties. We're taking actions to try to minimize that as I mentioned with some things we're doing in New Orleans, and Mark mentioned the potential entertainment activities that we're able to do down there. So, we are trying to offset it but there is weakness in that Louisiana-Mississippi region. Broadly speaking, the rest of the regional markets are similar to what we have seen throughout 2016, with some markets up a few percent, some markets down a few percent, but really I wouldn't call out any other abnormal trends.
Eric Hession: Sure. I did mention it in the specific remarks, but it's general inflation. However, it's somewhat exacerbated by some particular increases that we've had in the salaries, wages and benefits area associated with large portions of our workforce. And then the rest of the increases would be general inflation associated with just normal commodities.
David Farber: I had a couple of questions. I wanted to first lead with Las Vegas. Obviously we see continued strength in the hotel and F&B side. I was curious how you feel you are positioned for 2017, any expectations you may have for Vegas in 2017? And then separately, maybe talk a little bit about how many rooms you think will be offline given all the developments you're doing on the Strip? And then I had a couple of follow-ups. Thanks.
David Farber: Okay. And then just switching over to CEOC for the moment, the results were a touch weaker this quarter, although I guess the hold adjustment gets you guys effectively flattish it seems. So, I guess away from Vegas, I was curious to hear how you're thinking about the regional markets, what customer behavior may be like? Any thoughts there would be helpful, and then I had one last question. Thanks.
David Farber: Okay. And then just finally, there are a number of sort of new market growth opportunities, potentially in the near to mediate term. I guess I was just curious how you think Caesars is positioned either internationally or domestically, maybe a new topic with the exit, but I'd be curious to hear how you think about those growth opportunities and what, if any, particular market you might be focusing on? And that's it for me. Thanks.
