Gary Loveman: Thank you Eric. In recent years, our industry has faced headwinds from a generally weak economy, exacerbated by some poorly timed capacity additions, particularly in Vegas and Atlantic City. [unintelligible] we’re taking the strength of our offerings and hub markets, while expanding our distribution network into emerging markets, positions us to build relationships with customers who we hope will visit us in these new geographies as well as in our destination markets. While our business continues to face near-term challenges, we’re investing in our properties, our brands, and our marketing and loyalty programs to ensure that we’re well-positioned to benefit as conditions improve. For all those reasons, I’m very optimistic about the future growth of the company. And with that, operator, we’ll open the line for questions. 
Gary Loveman: I’m going to take a swing at that, Shaun, and then I’ll let Eric respond. I do want to point out that there were a number of saloons available in upper Manhattan somewhere where you could have enjoyed the World Series of Poker.  But turning to Atlantic City, we’ve done two things in Atlantic City in parallel. The first is to attack institutional sources of high cost. Property taxes were one. The somewhat antiquated nature of the regulatory system there was another. Both of those have been remedied to a meaningful degree.  And then of course our management team there has had to try to reconstruct their operating scheme to reflect a level of revenue that has chased itself down and down. And I think what you see in the results of the third quarter is, I think, a very successful effort on their part to catch up to that decline, and hence we have the benefit of reduced operating expenses from both constituent [unintelligible]. 
Gary Loveman: I don’t think you’re going to see a big difference in the fourth quarter versus the third, recognizing there are large portions of the fourth quarter that are seasonally low anyway. I understand Jim was a bit more optimistic about convention and meeting business trends in ’13 and ’14, and I think we’re encouraged by those trends in ’13 and ’14 as well, but I don’t see anything in the fourth quarter that’s especially notable.
Gary Loveman: I think you framed the problem exceedingly well. One of the interesting things about these games is that you can get on Facebook and on Android and you can see how these games rank in terms of their use by customers, literally every day. And so I think you can get a very good sense of the level of popularity they enjoy, and with some assumptions, figure out on your own what kind of level of revenue and profitability is possible for them to generate. We have not seen it to be in our interest at this point to break out this with any high degree of specificity yet. There may come a time when we will, but we don’t believe we’ve crossed that point yet.
Gary Loveman: Let me say a word or two about this and then Eric can elaborate. You know we ran a programmatic initiative to very radically restructure the way the company’s work is done, and to put our best people into bigger responsibilities. Those are not related to the number of people serving guests at the front line, and they have ongoing, highly beneficial effects on our cost.  As we move to 2013 and we look at what else we have to do to work in an environment with limited top line growth, we continue to find ways to operate the business more efficiently. For example, much more sophisticated scheduling technologies that will allow us to anticipate how many people we’ll have in the facilities and at what times, and make sure that we staff in a much more precise way against anticipated demand patterns.  So we continue to introduce tactics of this sort, that help us really hold ourselves to a higher level of efficiency as we continue to work in a difficult demand environment. 
Gary Loveman: You’ve seen a lot of political debate among the parties about online gaming and the potential for its movement in the lame duck. I’m not terribly optimistic. I think it’s possible, but I think there’s some very pressing issues for the country’s finances that remain in front of the Congress in the lame duck session, and surely we all hope they get attention. It’s possible that the online gaming question will be called in that period, but I think it’s probably less likely rather than more likely. 
Gary Loveman: I think I’d phrase your question slightly differently. We think we need to do it to sustain these properties’ position in a market with a very high quality room product that competes against us. But we do anticipate we will enjoy a meaningful ADR improvement once the renovations are complete.  So if you take, for example, one of our towers at Bally’s, which has rooms that are in need of renovation, we sell those at a discount as a result of their current circumstances. And once they’re renovated, I think we’ll see a meaningful improvement in ADR as we have with some of the other, older buildings like a Flamingo, where we’ve done some very, I think, innovative renovations of those rooms and we’ve enjoyed an almost immediate improvement in ADR. 
Gary Loveman: More the latter. And I would point out that unlike a standalone business like Rebel, we’re very meaningfully in that business in Vegas of course, but also in Tahoe and New Orleans and other markets. So we’re in contact with meeting planners from major corporations all the time, and we host them as the site of their meetings constantly.  And we have nothing to offer them of a caliber that they would demand in a market like Atlantic City. Atlantic City has a state-owned, or regionally owned convention and exposition center, but it does not have meeting space at a level that would compete with what these companies find in Vegas or Chicago or other markets.  So we are seeking to develop a new market, and offer them the amenities that go with the meeting that are available at Harrah’s Atlantic City that have not been available in Atlantic City before, where the facility is not contiguous to things the meeting attendees would enjoy, like the hotel room and the restaurants and the gaming and nightlife and the rest.  So we think this is a very interesting experiment, and if it’s successful it’s something we hope either we or others in Atlantic City will do more of. 
Gary Loveman: I think it’s getting closer. This is an important job for me, and for the company, and given our capital structure and the demands of working with Eric and other things involved in this job, we’ve been very discriminating about who we want to have in the position. And I’ve taken my time looking for a person that I’m enthusiastic about, and I think we’re near the end of that process. So stay tuned. 
Gary Loveman: No. We get approaches from people about assets of ours all the time, as you can imagine, when we have as many as we do. And we entertain those approaches, but we don’t have anything on the London Clubs in the large that we’ve entertained or worked on recently. Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for joining us this afternoon. That will conclude our call.
Eric Hession: The only thing I’d add is that while we do expect the benefit from the tax reduction to persist in future quarters as well as our efforts to reduce the general cost structure, we did have the year over year benefit of having the shutdown in the prior period for a couple days, not [being in existence]. 
Eric Hession: As you know, in the prior quarter we booked estimates of the impact from the St. Louis divestiture, and as we’ve been moving forward with the actual divestiture and determining the impact to specific departments, we’ve continued to refine our estimates of the allocated costs that go into the entity, some of which will go away and some of which will be transferred into the St. Louis operations.  And as a result, we determined that our prior estimate needed to be adjusted, and the impact of that was booked in this particular quarter. From a dollars perspective, it was approximately $9 million. So excluding that one-time change to the quarter, the region still would have been slightly positive on a year over year EBITDA basis. 
Eric Hession: Sure. Sue, as you know, the golf course is a non-loan party to the credit agreement, and therefore it does fall under the requirement that it needs to be reinvested in CEOC, but it doesn’t necessarily need to be reinvested in loan party. So it can be used for loan parties or non-loan parties over a 15-month period. 
Eric Hession: The cash at the consolidated level is $1.189 billion. At CEOC, it’s $989 million. [CMBS] has $120 million of cash in various entities. There’s $81 million at our parent company, and that makes up the $1.189 billion. And that, just for your models, to help out, the intercompany loan has about $616 million. 
Eric Hession: We actually did change our capex guidance for 2012 slightly. For CEC, it’s between $520 million and $560 million. Primarily that will be spent in the CEOC entity, which is $480-510 million, and the balance will be at CMBS, so $40-50 million. So on a consolidated basis, down about $70 million from our prior estimate.  Regarding 2013, generally you’re correct. We have mentioned how our focus is going to be on continuing to reinvest in the business, in particular allocating the funds that are going to be generated from the sale of the St. Louis property into areas where we identify higher return potential. A lot of that is going to be in Las Vegas next year, and we’ll be targeting some specific room renovations at properties around the city. 
Eric Hession: We haven’t provided guidance on the specifics of the timing of the cash outlays for those, but they shouldn’t be significant.
Eric Hession: In general, the reinvestment levels in the extreme high end international customer tends to be higher than otherwise seen from the domestic perspective. I’d say, however, this quarter it’s not necessarily a result of the two. I think the reinvestment levels were slightly higher in the quarter but not necessarily driven by shifts from the international play. 
Eric Hession: The managed category is primarily driven by Cleveland. The reason why you’re seeing a very large jump in the revenues, which I think you’re particularly referring to, is because of the way that the management agreement is set up, the employees are Caesars Entertainment employees. So all of the expenses associated with the employee piece are run through our books, and therefore we book revenue and expense in equal amount associated with their pay, benefits, and so forth. So you’ll see that continuing as we move forward in each quarter, and as we add Cincinnati and Thistledown to the structure. 
Eric Hession: Specifics, just to talk about the renewal on the particular add-back, in the quarter we experienced about$50.8 million of cost savings and have identified yet to be achieved savings that we will expect to materialize over the next six quarters or so of $204.3 million. And the primary areas of those, as Gary mentioned, are associated with continual refinement of business operations, refining our marketing tactics, centralization, doing additional efforts with respect to just the base cost structure of the taxes and other [unintelligible].
Eric Hession: We evaluate the uses of our cash on a continual basis, and determine where it’s best to allocate it, whether it’s to proceed with a development project, to buy back debt, or to use for general corporate purposes. We just determined that we didn’t use it to buy back debt during the quarter. 
