Eric Hession: Thanks, Anthony. On our Q4 call last year, I talked about how the benefits of scaling net revenues in our digital segment would drive improved profitability given the high flow-through nature of the business. This transpired as strong revenue growth in Q4 and for the full year of 2023 led to several notable records within our digital business. Net revenues for Q4 grew 28% to a new quarterly record of $304 million and the segment generated $29 million of adjusted EBITDA, also a record. On a hold adjusted basis, we estimate that the segment would have delivered close to $60 million of adjusted EBITDA during Q4. Sports betting volumes during the quarter grew over 12% with a hold rate of 6.4%, up year-over-year but negatively impacted by November hold coming in below our expected range. iGaming growth accelerated throughout the quarter and delivered over 50% growth in volume led by Caesars Palace Online, which contributed to our first quarter of $100 million in GGR for the segment. For the full year of 2023, our Digital segment achieved 78% net revenue growth to $973 million, a new annual record and $38 million of full year adjusted EBITDA, also an annual record. On the sports betting side, during 2023, we continued to focus our product and technology improvements on the overall experience for our customers. They responded favorably to improved same-game parlays product enhancements, in-game wagering improvements and streaming technology. The percentage of customers making parlay wagers continues to improve and the average legs per wager also continues to steadily increase, giving us confidence in our ability to improve hold throughout 2024. On the iCasino side, we introduced our new Caesars Palace online app in August of 2023. Results to date are very encouraging as we've seen active customer counts and volume growth grow sequentially each month. The core iCasino slot customer has responded positively to our significantly improved offering, and we're pleased that the new product and brand resonate much better with our Caesars Rewards database than our casino associated with the Sportsbook. iGaming remains a critical component of our digital growth strategy for 2024 and beyond. In support of that strategy, after the market closed, we announced an agreement with the Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians and Wynn Resorts to enable a second iGaming brand in Michigan, which we plan to launch before the end of the year pending regulatory approvals. The existing Wynn operations have been averaging approximately $3 million of GDR per month, and we will work with their team to transition the customer base to our newly branded product when we launch. Following regulatory approvals, we will have secured market access for a second brand in every jurisdiction where we currently offer the Caesars Palace Online iCasino, which allows our new brand to benefit fully from the scale. We now offer sports betting in 31 North American jurisdictions, 25 of which offer mobile wagering. I'm very pleased with the progress we made in 2023. If you recall, our objective was to drive a solid return on investment for our shareholders as our business grew and matured over time. Our thesis was grounded on a reasonable TAM, an early effort to build brand awareness and harvesting the benefits of a very scalable business with a high portion of fixed costs. Our performance in 2023 sets the stage for continued profitable growth in the years ahead and keeps us on our path towards achieving $500 million of adjusted EBITDA. I'll now pass the call over to Bret for additional comments on Q4 in the full year.
Eric Hession: Yes. Thanks, Carlo. We’ve been very impressed with the performance that we’ve realized so far on the Caesars Palace Online standalone casino. When you think about it, it was launched in August, and so it's really – it’s kind of in its sixth or seventh month at this point. And to Tom's earlier comment, it's already 50% of our overall iCasino business. So we're still measuring that business on a month over month basis as we see double-digit growth in actives, in gaming revenue and gross gaming revenue and volume. And so I don't have any concerns at this point that the pace of growth on that particular business should slow, we keep getting great responses from the customers. In terms of what we have coming, we're still early in our direct integration phase, so we have just a couple of vendors from slot products that are directly integrated. We're going to continue that throughout the year. We're going to do at least three direct integrations a quarter, and that really helps with our game mix and the stability of the system. We also have a CRM product that we're putting in place at the end of this quarter, that'll really help us do some segmented marketing even further than what we're able to do right now. And then another exciting thing that we announce today is the second branded product that we'll be able to launch. Our expectation is that it'll be a unique brand in all of the markets where we operate, and we'll launch that towards the end of the year. And it'll provide an alternative for some of our customers to use, whether they prefer that brand over the Caesars Palace Online or they just prefer to mix things up and go back and forth between the brands. So between those three key drivers, we really expect the performance of the iCasino business to continue the trends that it's on.
Eric Hession: Sure. We liken it a lot to the Las Vegas Strip where a customer that comes to town, they’re going to stay at one property, but they’re going to visit multiple properties just because they want a different feel, they want a different experience, maybe to change their luck or whatever the reason is. And we think that customers have that same behavior tendency online. We see that in New Jersey, where we run multiple brands today. And so a company like ours that has multiple well-known brands, we thought it’s only logical to have a second offering for those customers. In terms of the brand building, it’ll be a very well-known brand to everybody. So we’re not going to spend a huge amount of money marketing the brand. What we’ll spend money on is acquisition. And just like today, we’ll do reasonable acquisition cost versus the lifetime value of the customer. And as a result, we feel like this is going to be a very incremental action for us to do. We don’t think there’ll be cannibalization between the two. And then in addition, because we’ll be using the same platform and a lot of the same game content and integrations, the cost to launch a second brand will be much lower than it costs to have a single brand in the market.
Eric Hession: Yes. We’ve said around 7.5% to 8% for us. We do have a lot of larger players that we know from the casino side that straight bets that kind of bring down that average. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our percentage of parlays and the percentage of legs per parlay do continue to be growing. We grew hold by about 100 basis points this year and it was fairly consistent throughout adjusting for kind of one off variances.
Eric Hession: Yes. In order to get there, we’re going to need to continue to increase our parlay mix or change the number of legs for people that are already betting existing parlays. Combination of those two should drive us up to that 7.5% to 8%.
Eric Hession: So good rule of thumb for us is 50% flow through as we sit here today, if iCasino continues to gain momentum you should expect to see that improve the runoff of the contracts will be helpful, but that's fairly lumpy. So I would expect we'd be at the midpoint of your number toward the higher end as some of these things happen.
Bret Yunker: Thanks, Eric. To put a bow on 2023 we ended the year with net debt of $11.4 billion and net leverage of under four times. 2023 CapEx spend, excluding AC and our Danville joint venture came in at $900 million. In January we refinanced our 2025 debt stack and eliminated the CRC credit entity, pushing $4.4 billion of maturities into 2031 and beyond at highly attractive interest rates. Pro forma for the transaction, roughly half of our debt is now floating rate, which will benefit our free cash flow as the rate cycle turns to cuts going forward. 2024 CapEx, excluding Danville, which is funded at the JV level, is expected to be $800 million. Over to Tom.
Bret Yunker: Yes, we’ll start being a cash taxpayer in 2025. We don’t have an estimate for you. It depends on all the assumptions you just use to get to free cash flow. But we’ll start being a taxpayer next year.
Bret Yunker: Brandt, as Anthony mentioned, you’re right. Convention had a record in 2023. Occupied room nights were 17%. We continue to expect growth into 2024. We’d expect the occupied room night mix to grow to the high teens over time. Forward pace looks encouraging for group in the convention business. And you’re right, from a mix perspective, having that group and convention on the books is very helpful to the leisure side. So that’s what’s been driving the cash ADRs on the leisure side as well.
Bret Yunker: Sure. This year, I would say that predominantly where we've invested has been on the feature side. So when we entered the year, there were a number of products that our customers wanted that we either didn't deliver very well or didn't deliver in the fullness, in terms of the breadth of markets that our competitors did. And so throughout the year, we invested heavily in getting those products up to where the market is. In doing so, the stability of the app, some of the bugginess, there are a few features that need to be enhanced, and so that's really where this year the predominant effort is going to be, on the sports betting side. So it's basically making the app very functional from the customer perspective. Given that, we feel like we closed a lot of the aspect and feature gap that was there in the year before. And so that's kind of what you'll see this year as we make the enhancements to the app throughout the year. 
Bret Yunker: Yes, we do pick up the database, and we'll work closely with Wynn as we transition to move the customers over, so that they can trial our app. The database is different from ours, but in terms of the customers, but it's very similar in terms of what we're trying to accomplish with the apps that we're launching. So it's a slot –centric customer at a slightly higher end, and then from a table perspective, it's also on a slightly higher end from what we normally have in our database. So we're excited to introduce those customers to the product that we have.
Tom Reeg: I think a key piece is the pricing of the actual event, Joe, the lowest end ticket was pricey by any definition as you looked at it. Last year, we’re working with F1 and I’d expect there is a – there will be more approachable participation at not the very highest end of the market. That’s going to be helpful for properties that maybe didn’t get to participate as much this year. We at Caesars certainly, and I know my discussions with MGM and Wynn, everybody is aware that if only a few buildings in the market benefit from this, it’s not going to be a super long-term event. As I said, this was basically a full sprint to get the race in position. What F1 accomplished in terms of building the paddock in the time that they did was just extraordinary. And now we all get to look at what went well, what didn’t go well, and that’s a piece of what we think we can improve going forward. And I’d expect it to be even better in 2024.
Tom Reeg: Joe, our OpEx growth is going to be mid-single digits in terms of largely the lift from labor expenses. We believe that in our portfolio, revenues will largely keep pace with that. So we would expect to see margins in the same zip code as we go through 2024.
Tom Reeg: No. Carlo, that we're never standing still, Sean McBurney, Anthony and their team have lists of items that we're working on, both from a revenue and expense standpoint that are accretive both from an EBITDA and margin standpoint. So we just don't stand and take a shot to the ribs and hope it works out. We're working to, frankly, improve our margins from here. We're really not thinking about degradation in margins. And we understand that the cost of the new union contract are a headwind there, but we are comfortable that we should be a grower in absolute EBITDA and on a similar footing in terms of margins in 2024.
Tom Reeg: We continue to want to use our free cash flow to reduce our debt as we get to the inflection point in our capital cycle. At that point, we'll look at where we are from a leverage standpoint, where the stock price is. I can tell you that if it has a forehandle, I would expect that we would be a buyer of our stock at that point.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'd say, when you – in the brief periods, when you could get a clear look without weather impact, the regional business remains firm. We feel good about where we’re headed. Obviously, we’ve got – we only had about six months of Danville last year. We’ll have a full year this year. You can see the revenue numbers that that property is doing. And if you look at kind of the, let’s say, April to December period from last year, regional revenue was really nothing to write home about. So I don’t think you’ve got a particularly difficult comp in regionals generally for the bulk of 2024 and we feel good about what we can deliver.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I mean, we’re $4 billion now with digital doing de minimis EBITDA. By 2025 we’d expect to be in the neighborhood of $0.5 billion of digital EBITDA. We expect some growth from brick and mortar. We’ve got about $2 billion between interest expense and lease expense today that should be coming down both because of rate and because of reduction in leverage and maintenance capital is about $400 million a year.
Tom Reeg: Yes. David, as we've discussed, in terms of asset sales, everything's for sale every day in a public company, but we're not anticipating doing anything actively on our end.
Tom Reeg: Yes. Barry, as you know, that's a pretty dramatic transformation of that property. If you recall, when it was first opened, there were restrictions on what you could offer protections in place for both F&B and hotel in the city. So the current Hotel at Harrah's is across the street. You have to go either across the street or go below through a tunnel to get to the property. The food and beverage offerings were fairly pedestrian and a little bit limited. And so this transforms into Caesars New Orleans. There's a Caesars Hotel Tower that drops directly into the middle of the casino floor. The casino floor is entirely redone. As you – if you were to go there today, we've got about a third of the casino floor that's under construction at a time and it's rolling for the next six months or so. It's a stark difference in terms of what the new casino looks like versus the old. Basically an entirely new property. We've got restaurant product from Emeralds that's already open. Have we announced the others? Yes. So we've got Nobu coming. And keep in mind, Four Seasons has a brand-new property across the street. Windsor Court is across the street. Lowe's is across the street. So you've got a lot of the convention hotels in New Orleans are directly adjacent to our property and will feed into the venue and these F&B outlets. It should be a home run for us. So we're expecting that this property will be among our largest regional properties once we're complete. And that would be $200 million a year neighborhood of EBITDA.
Tom Reeg: Sorry to hit on Super Bowl. The Super Bowl is in New Orleans in next February, which is very well timed for us in terms of launching the product. New Orleans as a city has been slower to come back from a group standpoint than other convention cities. We would expect the Super Bowl will be a catalyst for that as well.
Tom Reeg: Nothing that's on the front burner. We're constantly approached with, would you do this? Would you do that? We're pretty focused on the projects that we have underway and are really looking forward to kind of a break in the capital intensity – CapEx cycle that we've seen since we closed the merger, and we're focusing on driving free cash flow for the next year or two.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I would say the size of the market has consistently exceeded our expectations. Growth in mature markets that have had OSB for a while or iGaming continue to grow at steady clips. I would say legalization has been – there has been no real surprises there in terms of jurisdictions that did or didn’t legalize our performance in iCasino since we launched Caesars Palace Online, we had pretty aggressive expectations and they’ve exceeded those and it continues to accelerate. Obviously, I didn’t foresee the Penn/ESPN transaction which allowed us to terminate an agreement that wasn’t profitable for us. So those are kind of big picture what’s changed since we first started this.
Tom Reeg: Yes. The biggest impact that we saw last year was in Tunica, the property that opened closer to Memphis in Arkansas. We’ve lapped that. So we don’t expect to see continued – obviously you’re continuing to compete with them, but we’re fairly steady state now and can build back. Chicago had quite a few additions in the last 12 months. There’s more to come. You got the Forge Creek [ph] property in the south suburbs, but we’ve managed that pretty well in terms of exposure. You had the Spectacle property in Gary moving to the highway. We’ve lapped that as well in Hammond that impacted Hammond. And then Nebraska we have the Lincoln properties online. The Omaha properties are expected to come online toward the end of this year. So there's still impact in the Council Bluffs market to come. But from, in terms of what we've been referencing, the bulk of that we've lapped at this point.
Tom Reeg: No, those rooms are back online. We're building a bridge that connects that tower to the old Horseshoe to Paris, but that shouldn't have any disruption.
Tom Reeg: No, is the short answer. I'd look at what Michigan just reported. I think our peers were 3 to 4x our promo to handle. I'd expect that to look similar in North Carolina.
Tom Reeg: I would for the second question the outcome of the Oakland A's [ph] situation doesn't impact what we'll be pursuing at all. What we're doing this year in addition to finishing the Versailles connector, is work at Flamingo in terms of improving the strip frontage. There's a number of outlets that are subpar and substandard in terms of what they generate relative to other similarly positioned spaces on the Strip. These are not huge dollar numbers, but they should help transform that property. Should be very high ROI, but you should be thinking about in Vegas, capital projects are $10 million $20 million, $25 million for a couple of things that we're doing in a building, not $100 million like Versailles.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I would say nothing particularly informative. The period post reopening after COVID was about as chaotic from an employment turnover standpoint as we've seen. That stabilized kind of in 2023, and it's been stable for a little while now. So it feels more like pre-pandemic in that area than it had immediately post opening.
Tom Reeg: No. Obviously, VICI has that option that expires at the end of 2024. They've indicated an intention to exercise it, and there's regulatory process that they need to go through. And – you should not expect us to exercise our option, but we do anticipate that they'd like to exercise theirs.
Tom Reeg: Yes, that's been a big lift for us in iGaming. That table dominant player that we had is typically 100 to 150 basis points lower in hold than the slot dominant player that we find in Caesars Palace Online. So that's helped us in our momentum as well.
