Tom Reeg: Yes. So you've got Horseshoe Indianapolis, which is the old Indian brand opened its expansion right around year-end. And so we expect to see the benefits of -- we are seeing the benefits of that in '22, the sister property at Hoosier Park, that expansion should be done by the end of this year. So we expect that benefit to start in '23. We're targeting early fourth quarter for the opening of Lake Charles, which should be -- that's about a $210 million project, something like that, where we expect well in excess of that 15% hurdle rate. And keep in mind that 15% hurdle rate is an extremely conservative estimate on that spend. We've got Atlantic City will -- the bulk of that will come online before this summer, so say, before 4th of July. All of those rooms, the bulk of the restaurant product. There's an entertainment piece with Spigo World that will lag, but the bulk of the Atlantic City spend should be online for this summer. So, we should be seeing that in third quarter and beyond. The Pompano parking garage and casino expansion should come online and begin generating those returns in '23. And then the New Orleans project should be online by '24 ahead of the Super Bowl in '25.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So keep in mind, Carlo, that what we're largely targeting to start is the traditional media. So you're talking about $0.25 billion worth of spend that we expected that we would have to spend to get to the market share levels that we're already at. The success-based promo spend, you should expect that, that will continue for new customers as you get -- as you convert new customers into, obviously, existing customers as time goes on, the offers become very different and the margin become very different. One thing I should have said on New York, I know there was a lot of focus on our $3,000 deposit match in New York and the thought that, gee, I could just put in $3,000, make a couple of easy bets and withdraw my money. Our average deposit in New York was about $450. So our results in New York were not driven by a lot of $3,000 deposits responding to our offer. It was hundreds of thousands of smaller customers that came to our site. And so you should expect that as you move out of this quarter where you had the biggest launch of all time, you're getting into a period of time where there's far fewer in the way of new launches, and more states should move down the -- dominated by existing customers versus brand-new customers. And the reason that you go after those brand-new customers as avidly, as all of us do is I can tell you within Caesars, when we look at our prior experience in this arena, both in Playtika that predates us, and in mobile states in sports betting. The customer that you find in the first quarter post launch is worth something in the neighborhood of 2x what you find afterward. So there is a method to the madness here in terms of the customers that you're targeting.
Tom Reeg: No, none of that's changed, Joe. We -- our thesis was, as we discussed, Caesars Rewards was our advantage that this business would consolidate into -- share would consolidate into a handful of leaders. And what's happened is that's all happened quicker than we thought in terms of the share that we've generated. The handle volumes have been in the market generally have been higher than we anticipated. Our share has been higher than we anticipated, but nothing has changed in terms of the timing. And so what we said was if we do better than we're anticipating in share, there might be more investment than what we were talking about 90 days ago. But the reality is the accumulation of that share happens so quickly that we can adjust those traditional media dollars so that we end up in about the same place from a total investment standpoint with considerably more share than we anticipated, which should maturity increase our ultimate returns.
Tom Reeg: So, we've had a double-digit market share in New Jersey for kind of since launch in New Jersey, and we've seen no impact on the brick-and-mortar business. And that's the state where we have the biggest brick-and-mortar presence where iGaming is allowed. We're not active in a physical property in West Virginia. We've got a relatively small property outside of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania and we don't have one in Michigan. So, we don't anticipate much in the way of impact on our brick-and-mortar business as we ramp up in iGaming.
Tom Reeg: That's tough to parse, Joe, given the short time period and the time of the year that it happened. If you want to make a cut what I think. I think Omicron cost us somewhere between $25 million and $50 million in the fourth quarter.
Tom Reeg: Well, we're 23,000 rooms today. You're taking out the Rio rooms and then you take out a property, depending on which property it is, let's say, 3,000 to 4,000 rooms. So you're going to be down to, call it, 16,000, 17,000 rooms in the market. That's about 1/4 of our existing capacity. So that's clearly going to have an impact in our ability to yield the remaining rooms. Part of it's where do those rooms come out of our system, and you should expect that's going to be a factor in terms of how we decided which one that we would divest. The less we need to rely on OTA business to fill our rooms, the better both from a customer quality perspective and an ultimate profitability perspective and removing the 5,000 or 6,000 rooms from our system while introducing all of those customers that came in through Eldorado should have an extremely positive effect on rates once we're -- once all the deals are closed.
Tom Reeg: That's another one that's hard to answer, Steve. I'm glad you like those comments because it started to feel a little like a rant as I went on and on there. But the -- what I would say is the bulk of what is -- the bulk of what's been generated is removing the marketing to everyone and targeting your most profitable customers, and that sounds simple. But as you know, that was not a particular strength of our industry until relatively recently. And that's the biggest impact and that's another -- that's to get back on the Digital soapbox for it, that's the same problem that faces us in digital that we need to solve. Right now, we're marketing to the entire world that's going to stop, and we're going to start marketing to the most profitable customers. But if you think about food and beverage, Steve, which was where a lot of that marketing took place, right? It was comped, food and beverage. If you look at the Caesars Enterprise in 2019, the combined Caesars, so including the Eldorado side, lost on a cash basis over $200 million in food and beverage. In 2021, we were cash positive EBITDA in Food and Beverage, so about $0.25 billion swing just in that line.
Tom Reeg: So in New York, how do I answer this politely, New York is a difficult regulatory state. I think it's going to be extremely expensive to build there. I think it's going to be an extremely expensive license fee. And I think there's a likelihood that you're going to have to solve some other problem of the city in addition to creating the jobs that you do in building a casino. So it's not going to be enough to pick a site, build a casino, create the jobs and generate a return. There's going to have to be other investment there as well. So I would say, on our balance sheet, it's extraordinarily unlikely that we make a material investment into New York land based. Now there are others that take a different view in terms of the investment opportunity there for a variety of reasons. If one of those developers wants to talk to a manager that brings 65 million reward members and powerful brands, we'd be very interested in having that discussion. Away from New York, we're doing the Columbus, Nebraska project, which is fairly small track in the middle of the state that helps us get into digital in that state as well. There are other states that are kicking around the possibility that might be interesting, but it's unlikely that greenfield new license activity becomes a huge driver of value or a huge suck of our time from Caesars standpoint.
Tom Reeg: Well, that was the original thought when Caesars struck that deal in Dubai that maybe ultimately the UAE would have gaming that is a Caesars Palace in Dubai that we manage. So if there's an opportunity, you should expect that we would be active and our brand and building is already open.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So Holland I characterize when I was a kid we used to drink out of the garden hose when we're off plan outside. It was as if you were get ready to drink from a garden hose in a title wave came and hit you. It was absolutely staggering the demand in New York. To give you an idea, we had 75,000 inquiries to our customer service portals in the first two days post launch in New York. As I said, it was 2x what we were expecting in terms of volume and our share was 2x of what we were expecting of that volume. In terms of the ultimate -- yes, we have more market share than we anticipated in New York. So the cost of that launch is more than we had originally modeled. But that's also part of the reason that we can start to cut back on traditional media immediately and end up in about the same place, except with much more share than we anticipate.
Tom Reeg: Yes. This quarter, we'll look at the New York and Louisiana launches are both in there. New York, the way that they account for promos as they hit before the net -- between gross revenue and net revenue. So we'll take you through off-line in terms of how that flows through the financials. But you're going to see significant hits to net revenue from the New York launch in this quarter. It doesn't change the overall EBITDA number, but the way that it flows through the income statement is unique. But as you get out of this quarter, when we go into Pennsylvania and Illinois with Liberty, those will be much more modest launches in terms of costs and promo. Those are existing markets where we're going to have to call our share kind of 100 basis points at a time. So you're not going to see that dramatic day one impact that you saw in New York, Arizona, Louisiana. Same thing with Ontario iGaming, you won't see something that looks like those last three states I mentioned until Ohio and or Maryland come on, which sound like later this second half of the year is the tentative schedule there.
Tom Reeg: I like that question, David, because I wanted to talk about this in both digital and land. As the Vegas question, I want everybody to do well in Las Vegas. I don't view the way that we do well is MGM or when -- or Venetian doesn't do well. This market is -- everybody is going to have a good '22 and '23 as the group business comes back. And sure, we fight over customers, we fight over entertainers in terms of normal competitive atmosphere. But MGM as an example, I'm incredibly impressed with what Bill and his team have done at MGM. And it's great to see them get recognized for it in share price And I expect them to continue to succeed as I expect us to continue to succeed. And flipping that into Digital, our ability to succeed from here in my view, is dependent on our ability to do the blocking and tackling to target those valuable customers and service them and roll and melt that business into Caesars Rewards and into our larger brick-and-mortar business. Our business does not depend on somebody else failing or somebody else running out of money. There is enough room in this space for multiple success stories. I would say at least three or four, we intend to be one of them, but we don't need anybody else to fail in Vegas or outside Vegas for us to succeed.
Tom Reeg: I'd say no question. We're -- obviously, we had a first quarter last year in Vegas, that had significant restrictions on sensing masking. It was a difficult operating environment. And as we market this asset, we're going to be able to market off a 12-month period that while it was not without impact from COVID, it was a very different cash flow picture than the heavily COVID-impacted times. And then if you look at the last two trades that I've seen in the kind of the PropCo OpCo space was Craig's Trade in Boston and Bill's Trade Opco at Mirage, both of which are exceedingly good comps for anyone who wants to market a Center Strip asset. So we feel like waiting to pursue this now was the right decision, and we're excited about where we can get here. If you recall, we only paid $17 billion for Caesars. I told you the synergy number. So with those synergies, we bought Caesars for less than 6x EBITDA. And the Vegas asset sale is going to bring back 15% plus of those proceeds most likely back onto our balance sheet. So we couldn't be more pleased with the position we're in terms of selling the Strip asset.
Tom Reeg: That's all I can take it in terms of February and February has been stronger than January. As I said, we were 75% occupied in Vegas in January, 80% month-to-date in February for looks strong as well. Super Bowl was really, really good and President's Day weekend was really, really good as well.
Tom Reeg: Well, I think you're going to see both. This quarter, if you treat the real lease, like you treat all the other leases, we were 48% margin in a seasonal low quarter. So, I'd say high-40s to low-50s kind of straddling 50, is based on seasonality is a good expectation. And we just don't have -- the business that comes back for us with group business helps us in terms of rate compression. So hotel margin and also brings back a banquet business for us that's in excess of the overall Vegas margin. So we think it's accretive to EBITDA and margins as it comes back for us.
Tom Reeg: So I'd say it does seem to be a core competency of ours in terms of squeezing more cash flow out of assets that have been owned by others. So we recognize that. Obviously, it becomes tougher from an antitrust perspective, the larger that you get -- so that would certainly be a consideration. But I'd also say until we inflect to EBITDA positive in digital, I don't anticipate any material buy side M&A from us.
Tom Reeg: It's hard to project that far in the future on that question. Obviously, it's going to depend on what does the valuation look like? If I'm still getting negative $15 a share for Digital, maybe I become a buyer of my stock, but I would expect that we'll have corrected that at that time. And we'll see how the stock behaves. We'll see how it performs as we delever. I think that's going to be multiple enhancing. But by the time frame that you're laying out, we'll know that answer and be better informed.
Tom Reeg: So Chad, on the second question, I would say absolutely not. I'll tell you what's a high flow-through business and high-margin business. It's the Casino business. And that's what we operate outside of Digital, and we think it's an extremely strong complement to the Digital business. The first quite is the first to two factors.
Tom Reeg: And I appreciate that question, Chad. Answer the short answer is no. And I think that's -- there is a -- I think there's a mistake that's made in the investor community that conflates a low hold business with a low margin business. We know of states in our portfolio where we've got strong market share in mobile, where we can operate mobile sports betting well in excess of 50% EBITDA margin. And that's going to mix with other states, which for either competitive or regulatory reasons, the margin is going to be different. But this is a 5%, 6%, 7% hold business. If you think about the Regional Gaming business, a lot of that business is video poker business and hold on video poker games is 3%, 4%, 5%. And we run margins in those properties of 40% to 45%, 50% with the full operating cost of a physical property. So we're extremely bullish on what we'll ultimately be able to do margin-wise in digital, but that will evidence itself as you get out of this launch period and your customers are dominated by existing customers versus brand-new customers.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So we have the entire -- the bulk of the capital structure that we would want the debt structure, we want a target is available to us by the middle of this year. Our unsecured debt in the current environment trades, what, 5.25%, 5.5%? So that's our most expensive debt, the secured debt trades cheaper than that. Bret laid out what we're spending in interest expense. We think there's considerable opportunity to reduce our interest expense. We're at about $22 billion, $23 billion of gross lease adjusted leverage. We're generating as a cost in the neighborhood of $2 billion of brick-and-mortar free cash flow. You know what's coming in from the William Hill transaction, and you can make your own assumption on what Vegas assets Strip -- our Vegas Strip asset sale would bring and then we'll spend some in terms of investment into Digital. But you could see us certainly within the next 18 months or so kind of somewhere in the mid- to high teens in terms of outstanding lease-adjusted debt and our leverage would be somewhere in the 4s when we inflect to positive in Digital when it would start to come down considerably. So you could see leverage get to relatively low levels pretty quickly, certainly in the next 18 to 24 months.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I'd say our business, not just our business, then since reopening has been highly correlated to both the COVID case counts and the coverage of COVID in general. When the coverage leads to fear we see reduction in business. And when you get to where we appear to be getting to with Omicron, we tend to see pent-up demand. We see no reason that, that would be a different scenario this time. The household savings rate is still at extraordinarily high levels relative to history. The Fed obviously has a big job in front of them in terms of managing inflation as we move forward and what they do with rates. And that's obviously an exogenous effect that could impact wealth effect if they make a move that the markets don't like, but we feel generally very positive with where our consumer is. That 55-plus customer is still not back in anywhere near the levels of the younger crowd, and that historically has been a key driver of business both in destination markets and regional.
