Tom Reeg: Thanks Brett. Let me give you -- before we go to questions let me add a few comments on cadence of business since the quarter. Sequentially it continues to get stronger. October was better than September. September was better than August. If you think about what that looks like in Las Vegas, I'm going to give you some numbers that I'm not -- we're not in the habit of giving you but given the cloudiness of business as you look at the COVID world, I think it's useful. If you look at EBITDAR by month for us in Las Vegas. July was $10 million positive and these are aggregate numbers to include the losses from properties that were shut down. So $10 million in July $16 million in August, $34 million in September and October should push $50 million. We've got preliminary numbers. We've not closed the month yet. So Vegas continues to get better for us. We're not going to be talking about shutting properties mid-week. Obviously, we're talking about opening additional properties. We opened Cromwell last week. I'd expect to see Rio open before the end of the year. On the group side, the second half of 2021 and beyond, have record business on our books. Q2 to Q4 2021 are well ahead of our 2019 pace, and bookings were strong in the third quarter basically a normal level of bookings. If you look at the Caesars Forum Convention Center, which was opened for about 1.5 days before everything shutdown from COVID. Caesars Forum has 172 events, 1.6 million room nights contracted worth over $600 million in rooms and banquet revenue and 78% of that business is new to Las Vegas. And what I tell you is none of that matters, if the public health situation does not improve. But we are heartened by Governor Sisolak recent movement toward socially distance meeting business, and his statement that he's looking to go to 50% capacity by the beginning of 2021. That should help us save some first half 2021 business. But first quarter, you should expect we'll look very much like the last three quarter -- the second quarter third quarter of 2020 and this quarter as well. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Tom Reeg: So you should presume that if you look at our historical mix Steve, the convention business has been replaced by casino block business, and that the other segments remain relatively constant as you look back.
Tom Reeg: It's across the entire U.S. When I tell you that, our 55 and over group is significantly lagging the rest of the business, that's throughout the country. And those are the people that tend to skew to older population that are not leaving their houses right now. My mother is one of those. And when you get a vaccine and you have freedom movement and feel better in terms of the likelihood of contracting COVID, I think that the pent-up demand for Vegas and for entertainment generally is well beyond what anyone is thinking today. 
Tom Reeg: It's -- everything is kind of grinding a little bit better every month, month-over-month, but it's baby steps.
Tom Reeg: I'm extremely limited in what I can speak to on William Hill outside of the four corners of the document. You can presume that we were already working in that direction in the former iteration and we would continue to work in that direction post-closing.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I mean so, the whole synergy discussion as we talked about was turned on its head by COVID. It's really a question of what comes back rather than what do you subtract. But, Caesars ran differently than Eldorado just from a basic day-to-day operation standpoint. We run our properties off of daily P&Ls across every property that we own. Caesars measurement of EBITDA was far less frequent than that. And there wasn't a lot -- the operators didn't really have the tools to compare themselves across properties within the system. So when we were Eldorado as a private company and we were in two markets, we could look at those two markets and say what are we doing well in one versus the other. When you've got 55, that ability becomes much, much stronger. That's a benefit of scale. And Caesars was not taking advantage of that in our estimation. And you can imagine that we are, what took us the better part of two months to get to a daily P&L and we're still working through the kinks in the Caesars system, but we just went through our first round of quarterly reviews and it's eye opening for the operators to see, when I'm looking at each line item, each department and versus others in my market or other similar properties, things that I was unaware that I was inefficient in become obvious. And that sort of block -- basic blocking and tackling is what we're working through now. And that's why I tell you, I have an extreme level of confidence in hitting our margin targets here. 
Tom Reeg: You should expect that we will use the Caesars brand for Caesars operated -- owned and operated properties. And for third-party properties, you should expect that the William Hill brand will live on in the U.S.
Tom Reeg: No. As you know, you're hitting a normal soft period in Vegas that November and then pre-December -- or pre-Christmas December. But what we're seeing is the reduction in volumes is not nearly what it's been historically at least in our business. So we feel good about posting a strong fourth quarter number in Las Vegas.
Tom Reeg: Yes. The revenue synergies, yes, absolutely. On the cost side, the one piece that came through COVID relatively unscathed on the Caesars side was corporate. You can see in our numbers that we cut about $200 million from -- on an annualized basis from corporate and that's what we expected to do. And you can see that that's complete. You should presume the rest of the cost savings are included in those numbers. But if you think about, we had an $800 million target between cost and revenue, $100 million was revenue. So $700 million of costs, they did about $11 billion -- the combined company is about $11 billion of revenue at a -- let's call it, a 28% margin for 2019. So, if we were to get to our 35% left side of the range that I've been talking about, that's almost $800 million of just cost savings. And, obviously, if we get to 40, there’s more than that.
Tom Reeg: It depends on the properties. I would say, of the properties that we've sold and that we're anticipating selling, all of those would be -- removing them from the equation would be accretive to that overall margin target.
Tom Reeg: This is all about building market share profitably and making your customers as sticky as possible. And so we think we have the building blocks to do that with what we'll have post the William Hill transaction, but we'll always be looking to improve upon that. And I've found it interesting to see non-gaming entities look into this space just the IAC movement into MGM, obviously, what ESPN did with us and DraftKings. Obviously there are a lot of companies out there who are looking for share of wallet and screen time on your phone. So it wouldn't surprise me if you see more of that as we move into the future. And if there were a partnership or a transaction that would improve our position and we could execute it in a manner that was that created additional debt value for our stakeholders we would certainly take a serious look. 
Tom Reeg: So you've got New Jersey, Reno and New Orleans that are your biggest drags obviously like Charles this quarter given the storm. But in the -- in terms of materiality, but three are in Atlantic City, Reno, New Orleans. Atlantic City opened very beginning of the quarter. You had no alcohol service, you had no food service and significant limitations on capacity that lasted for a significant period of time during your peak season in Atlantic City. So Atlantic City comps, obviously look poor. In Reno, we had the silver legacy tower open. We had a fair amount of Eldorado rooms open. We did not have the Circus Circus 1600 rooms opened at all. Again in the seasonal peak for the market. And then New Orleans – in New Orleans is a significant national database receiver of business. People not traveling New Orleans as a market as their restrictions are stricter than the state itself. You have legislative mandated labor count in New Orleans and you have a text system where we paid a fixed rate in the quarter versus the variable rate that we typically pay. So those three properties are significant drags as we move into fourth quarter and you get into the shoulder season Reno Atlantic City look a lot better because you're doing pretty well on a comp basis midweek in those markets when properties weren't full this time last year. And the weekend drop-off is not nearly what it was in the summer. New Orleans still has all of the same issues that it had in the third quarter.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So the project that was approved, we'd expect 20% returns on roughly a $400 million investment. Keep in mind as you look at that project that's in the radius of the Cherokee property that we operate in North Carolina and the tribe has the opportunity and the option to opt in up to 80% of the equity of the Danville property and that became available to them upon the passage the vote on Tuesday. So it's too early to say where that will eventually end.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So we – as we looked at the opportunity in the space, as I've said, I think this is the most significant growth opportunity in the casino space since River Boats were legalized in the '90s. We were looking at the partnership that we brought in from the Eldorado side where if you recall we entered that partnership knowing that Eldorado's brand was unlikely to play on a national basis. We wanted to form a partnership with a respective sports betting operator that had a national strategy where we could participate in the upside. We subsequently bought Caesars, who obviously has a very different brand situation than Eldorado and it became clear that we have a brand that can resonate on a national level. We've got a database that can feed into that business. And we had been talking about how should we proceed with the partnership. If you recall the partnership included sports betting and not include sports betting and not Internet casino. If you're going to get to a single wallet solution in both. So it really wasn't ideal for either partner in the current landscape. So as we looked at potential solutions, it became clear to us that the best answer for us was to control our own destiny here. And so we started discussions about a purchase and ended up where you saw us end up. On the marketing question, the combined company here, the combined pro forma entity iGaming and sports does about $100 million. We'll do about $100 million in EBITDA, positive EBITDA, not the $200 million, $300 million of negative EBITDA that you're accustomed to in the space it will do $100 million of positive EBITDA. That includes all of the marketing that we're doing now. So if you see us ramp-up marketing, it's from an EBITDA positive position. In terms of the tech spend William Hill has been spending a significant amount of capital, developing its Liberty platform that rolled out in New Jersey to strong reviews. They're in the process of continuing to roll that out throughout the U.S. You're never going to stop spending on tech, but I don't see a significant material tech spend that's – you should be plugging into your model that's going to be a giant stock of cash. You should be thinking of $10 million, $20 million a year neighborhood.
Tom Reeg: So, it will be an unrestricted sub of Caesars Entertainment upon closing, post the Caesars acquisition Eric Hashan and Chris Holden out of the Caesars side agreed to stay as co-President of that business for us. Christian Stewart on the operations side has been invaluable in this process for us will remain involved. So you will see it as it – it will operate as a subsidiary of its own you will be able to see the numbers of it on its own then the question becomes what's the best structure from a capital markets perspective. And we have time to make those decisions. The expectation at the outset is it will be a wholly owned unrestricted sub of Caesars Entertainment, will not have its own currency. But as you know, we are 100% focused on driving value to our shareholders. And if the right answer is it becomes a separate entity with its own currency. You might see us head in that direction in the future. 
Tom Reeg: Yeah. So, on the question of entertainment, we're absolutely thrilled that we've seen movement in that area and the ability to operate with our – some fairly small venue entertainment across the city. What you're seeing come back. You're not seeing headline entertainment come back. You're not seeing big production shows come back. What you're seeing are the 500, 600 seats that are now offering 100, 200 seats. It's not a hugely profitable business on its own, but it creates additional reason to visit the market and that's important to us. Every piece that we get that becomes another reason for someone to make the move to either drive here or fly here and stay in the market is good for the whole market. So we're extremely pleased that we're able to offer entertainment today. The initial response has been extremely strong and we're happy to have it back. Now, the issue of parking, you got a heavy drive-in business now. As I said, we're mid-90 to high 90s occupancy on the weekends as you – and you know that we have kind of 50-yard line real estate on strip. So what we were finding was our best customers were having difficulty finding parking in our garages, even if they had a lodging reservation. And so what we wanted to do was, to bring back parking – to bring back parking fees, as kind of a hurdle so that our best customers can get to the property. If we – if you are significant Caesars reward customer you're a lodger or you're a local you're not paying for parking. And to drive home the point that, this was for those purposes and because of the situation that we've seen in Nevada, we – as we implemented we said, we're going to donate all of our profits from parking for this quarter and next to local charities that support the community and those that have been displaced by COVID. So the response has been overwhelmingly positive, from the city and from our customers.
Tom Reeg: Yeah. You shouldn't see us doing sale-leaseback transactions of -- or sales of real estate that will skew that. As you've seen us in the past we've utilized the propco market for financing typically for transactions, so were there something to come up that, made sense. It could be a tool that's used. But I don't expect us to be particularly acquisitive from here so you shouldn't see much movement on the real estate side.
Tom Reeg: You should expect that the -- that it can continue to grow, because as I talked about earlier, what's missing from the business is some of your highest flow-through revenue. So as that starts to come back, into these markets. And I'm thinking particularly of Atlantic City Reno and New Orleans, flow-through is quite high. And their contribution to the total regional pie, in a post -- in a post-COVID world, should drive the entire regional sector margin higher.
Tom Reeg: I think you should think about it as to, how we operate the entire business. What will differentiate us in this space is the stickiness of our customers, the immersion in our network. If you think about -- I know your -- in the pre-COVID world, you'd be a frequent traveler like I was. Think of the gymnastics you would go through, to make sure that you're flying on your favorite airline or you're staying in your hotel, where you've got the most points. That's what we've got in the Caesars Rewards system. And it's a much broader relationship than just, how much money did I give you to place your sports bet, on my app. It's a much stickier customer. So you shouldn't think of the sports betting marketing is going to be materially different, than the way that we built the business, on the bricks-and-mortar side. I understand there's this race for market share and handle. And all the numbers that come out monthly right now. This is a long game. I go back to my riverboat example. I remember calling on names like, Casino Magic and Casino America and Players International Argosy Gaming, all of those ultimately went away and got consolidated into the leaders in the business. That's where we're going to end up. You are in inning one of, if you're thinking in baseball terms what ultimately will be an extra inning game. And we're assembling the building blocks, to be a winner here long-term, to attract as much market share as we can over time profitably, but make sure that it's sticky. I can make my market share in any individual market; look the way that I wanted to look to report to you at the end of the month, if I throw enough money at it. That's not how we do business. That's not how you should expect us to tackle this area.
Bret Yunker: Yes, it's really going to be a combination of all of the above. Again we're hopeful that we're nearing an inflection point here where we start generating strong free cash flow post this health crisis. So that's obviously number one alongside that we've been announcing asset sales and we expect to continue announcing them going forward. So that will be part of the package. And Las Vegas, we want to get past the health crisis and then think about monetizing an asset here. So all three of those alongside the denominator growing sequentially is going to help us deleverage in the next 12 months to 24 months. 
Bret Yunker: Yes putting GAAP aside on a pure cash basis we're roughly $2 billion all in of annual master lease, rent payments and interest expense so you can just divide that by four for the quarters. 
Bret Yunker: Yes. We're live in Pennsylvania, Dan right now. We're rolling out more product and more games as every day and week passes. So we're expecting to see incremental opportunities in 2021 as these new products are rolled out. So we would be optimistic on sort in Pennsylvania in 2021. Also in the state of New Jersey we're going to be launching live dealer on the Caesars side for iGaming. So that's an exciting opportunity as well.
