Donald Colvin: Thank you, Gary. At a high level, I will briefly review the drivers of performance for the three structures that consolidate into Caesars Entertainment, CERP, Growth Partners and CEOC. Starting off with CERP, Q1 net revenue increased 2% from the prior year period to $492 million and adjusted EBITDA decreased 4% to $113 million. CERP’s concentration in the Las Vegas market was a key driver of performance. Casino revenues were down moderately in Las Vegas offset by strength in hospitality revenue.  At Growth Partners, Q1 performance was driven by strong growth in social and mobile games and favorable results across all key gaming and non-gaming offerings at Planet Hollywood. Detailed information on CGP’s first quarter financial results can be found in the earnings release issued by Caesars Acquisition Company earlier today. Moving on to CEOC, net revenue was $1.4 billion in the first quarter, down approximately 11% from the prior year. CEOC adjusted EBITDA decreased approximately 25% to $250 million. Performance at CEOC was impacted by poor weather predominately in the Atlantic Coast region, the Gulf region and the Midwest. The softness in visitation levels was largely from the regional non-VIP guests.  Increased variable marketing costs and unfavorable hold also weighed on performance. On a consolidated basis, first quarter net revenue declined approximately 2% from the year ago period as lower casino revenue and higher variable marketing programs, which are a contra-revenue, were partially offset by higher hospitality revenue and strength in social and mobile games at CIE. On the expense side, costs were elevated due to increased marketing expenses and higher corporate costs. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 10%. Net revenue in Las Vegas increased approximately 6% due to strength in hotel, F&B and entertainment revenue. Hotel revenue was particularly strong with quarterly cash ADR of $121, up approximately 27% year-over-year, driven predominately by resort fees and outstanding demand for convention facilities in the Las Vegas market. Atlantic Coast net revenue decreased approximately 14% driven by lower casino revenues, predominately attributable to the weather impact and reduced visitation trends discussed earlier. CEOC also saw softness in the Gulf Coast. Other U.S. regions decreased 7% in net revenues.  We are committed to driving efficiency, improving working capital, generating operating and EBITDA improvements, and further enhancing our balance sheet, with a particular focus on CEOC’s capital structure. In early April, Caesars Entertainment issued approximately $136 million in equity through a primary stock issuance. There were no debt repurchases in the quarter. With that, I will turn it back over to Gary for his final remarks.
Donald Colvin: And just complement to what Gary said, there is few additions over that to the High Roller, one, we have got an nice complement in cash beverage revenue, I known people riding the High Roller like to enjoy beverage and won't be at last [ph] . To compliment that as well we have also got some good banquet business and special events which is another pleasant event and then we have got nice souvenir shop activity as well. So overall a pretty comfortable beginning.
Donald Colvin: We run a lot of initiatives in, and you can call it five by five [ph] programs. They cover a vast range of things, scheduling, improved productivity, some cost reductions, reduced capacity that Gary had referred to. So it's a whole plethora. There is not one or two, there is many items I think indeed, there are several 100 items on the list of cost reductions.
Donald Colvin: Of properties as well and from my memory was it not like 140 to 160 or something like that? Or is it 175? So that was roughly the range. I think you’re pretty close to it. But obviously we will update that as we have more disclosures as we move forward. So that’s a live number and we’re in a market that’s changing in a rapid way.
Gary Loveman: Thanks Donald. Caesars’ execution on its strategic and capital structure initiatives has benefitted the company and provided a runway for growth. Our work in Vegas now turns to maximizing the benefits from the innovative investments at the center of the Strip, amidst a general context of improving market dynamics. Upon completion of the capital structure actions I have described, Caesars is much better positioned to reduce CEOC’s leverage, improve cash flows and increase shareholder value.   Let me note that during today’s Q&A session, we will not be able to provide any additional disclosures related to the capital structure transactions that are under way. We have provided as much detail as we are presently able to and will release additional details as they become available. Operator we are now happy to take questions on the company’s operations.
Gary Loveman: I will say a word or two about it although I may not be as specific as you would like. We have had 1000s of riders a day, it's ramping up at a rate that we’re very enthusiastic about recognizing that not knowing exactly when the High Roller would be permitted, we were not in a position to begin to market it with a known execution date. So the marketing for the High Roller is just now beginning to ramp up. For example if you had checked into one of our hotels recently you would have not seen or been told much about the High Roller. So the early visitation patterns have been in our view quite strong and the ridership has been virtually all cash. We haven't begun to comp it much yet at all.
Gary Loveman: I think our observations are accurate given our experiences and the problem we’re all describing James, is the softness in trip frequency among known customers particularly in lower categories of spend. So these are customers that we have known a long time, they visited us at a known frequency for some period of time and we observe the frequency of visitation falling off in the regional markets. And we don’t tend to say very much on a forward-looking basis but I would suggest that those trends in the regional markets have continued. The destination markets are a different phenomenon where visitations have been very strong.
Gary Loveman: Sure. As I have described our previous calls, we’re always trying to find where there is some elasticity and our customers’ willingness to visit us. We don’t want to pay more to get a visit we would have received otherwise but we’re willing to pay more to encourage a visit we might not have gotten otherwise. So for example if we have a visitor who is routinely with us on a Saturday we might to try to convince him to come also on a Tuesday and spend a little bit more to do so and sometimes as was true in the good old days before 2007 that was very frequently an efficacious way to proceed and more recently since 2008 it has been much harder to do it successfully. I think what you see it from us is not so much a different way to market but an effort on the heels of some evidence that the economy was improving. To see if we can get back to a period of driving additional trips and as you’ve seen from the first quarter results that’s been difficult. Outside of Las Vegas I want to keep making that decision, this is my remarks really pertain to regional markets.
Gary Loveman: Well AC has been the biggest problem the company has faced in the last several years, the business at AC, all the businesses in AC are in tremendous pressure, when the Revel [ph] joined the market as you all know it didn’t do anything to grow it, instead it just took a portion of the existing level of activity. There is too much capacity in Atlantic City currently such that the returns to existing capacity are under great pressure and we have experienced that as the largest provider. So we’re looking at all of our options to continue to reduce the cost of doing business here, options to reduce capacity. You’ve seen just with the closure of the Atlantic Club, some moving in that direction and it's possible with the continuing trends and you will see more of that. I think that’s the normal self-correcting, healing that you would like to see in a market like this.
Gary Loveman: We have a long time to decide how to use the proceeds and you won't be surprised by my answer, we will use where the returns are greatest. If you look at our options, our capital structures there is a variety of ways that those proceeds could be deployed. So you will have to regrettably just standby. We have 18 months to come to a conclusion as to how those proceeds will be deployed. With respect to New Orleans I’m quite confident that that transaction will close. Of course I can’t promise that it won't but in the event it didn’t and we were not able to persuade the regulatory there affirmatively then we would simply standout from that and proceed with the three that are now behind us.
Gary Loveman: I’m not going to be able to do that for you Kevin one way or the other. The document speak to what one can and cannot do and the terms under which the transaction is going to occur. I do want to just revise slightly the assumption of the question and that is capital intensive properties. We discussed in our rationale for the movement of the Quad for example over to Caesars Growth Partners that it requires a lot of maintenance CapEx and CECO balance sheet was not well suited to that objective. So that was part of the rationale for the transaction. You would have to decide for yourself whether Caesars Palace fits it similarly but clearly it's in a very different position.
Gary Loveman: I’m sorry we’re crippling everyone with acronyms here but the CEOC equity purchases were from an unaffiliated parties.
Gary Loveman: I don’t recall that we said we look to do something opportunistically with the first lien. We talked about the amendment that we were seeking and the role that the more senior lenders played in that process but I don’t recall something about an opportunistic transaction with the first lien.
Gary Loveman: Okay, hearing no further questions we thank everyone for their participation in our call this afternoon. We will be speaking to you next quarter on schedule.
