Eric Hession: No, I think that's absolutely right. We feel - the core underlying strength of the business is quite strong. In the regional markets, you've seen general trends of having positive slot growth and general business growth. And here in Las Vegas, that's certainly been the case, with the exception of the impact on the hotel ADRs that we experienced in the fourth quarter that rolled a little bit into the first quarter. 
Eric Hession: Sure. I'll take a shot at that. So the Harrah’s Las Vegas had the lowest basis of our properties. As you'd expect, it's one of the oldest that we've had in the portfolio, and as a result, it did have the lowest basis. The others have higher basis. They’re still somewhat below their sale values, but there shouldn't be as much a variance between that which would result in a gain. In terms of the use of the free cash flow as we move forward, you're absolutely right. we have to balance the investment in the business, investment in other opportunities that we have from an acquisition perspective that could generate great returns, and then evaluate if we have additional cash available, how to return that best to shareholders. We've shown models and you can run your projections that do show a substantial cash balance being generated over time. And as a result, we look in the future to returning some of that cash to shareholders.
Eric Hession: Yes. I think it's a combination of things. We certainly believe that as we renovate rooms, we are continuing to achieve the increases in room rates consistent with what we've experienced before. We’re now a little over 50% complete from renovating our room product. And so that is definitely complete - contributing to that. We also have continued to deploy additional revenue management techniques, and have further modified our website, which allow us to drive additional bookings to those higher margin channels, which flow through into higher ADRs.
Eric Hession: Yes. Shaun, thanks for the question. This is Eric. I would say it's a very realistic possibility. As you heard Mark on the previous question, we're expending a lot of effort making sure that we are deploying our marketing spend in the most efficient way possible. We’re using a lot of new technology, a lot of systems coming online, and we're challenging our management to be creative with the way that we invest. And it seems to be working quite well. Our marketing expense is down 4% this quarter. And as you saw, we largely maintained and possibly grew share in some markets. So that's a great outcome and as we go forward, we'll be able to continue to push that.  On the corporate side, we continue to review the way that we operate and the way that we process our business, and we think there's a lot of opportunity there. And then finally, we now have green belts and black belts at all of our properties and a centralized control department for that, that we're able to push through a large number of initiatives that can deploy best practices throughout the company. So from our standpoint, despite those headwinds and the fact that we do have pressures in certain areas, we would absolutely expect the margins of the organization to be higher next year versus 2017, which as Mark mentioned, was a record in itself.
Eric Hession: Sure. So that's in the first quarter, the 21,000. The headwind should be between $2 million to $4 million. So it's not an extremely significant impact because of the way that the rooms balance themselves. And then as we move through the rest of the year, we would expect it to be more neutral, at least in the second and third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, we'll have a little bit of a headwind again. 
Eric Hession: Sure. We’re projecting right now, if you look at the kind of expected LIBOR curve to have an interest expense of around $410 million to $415 million a year. That could obviously change with LIBOR. At this point, I don't anticipate refinancings. We’ve completed the refinancings of both CRC and CEOC. We may - in the prepared remarks, Mark mentioned from the Centaur acquisition, there may be an opportunity to issue some additional term loan or some bonds. But I wouldn't anticipate refinancings at this time, given the great interest rates that we have on the term loans. Of course that could change the rate swing significantly.
Eric Hession: Yes. We see the weakness that we’re experiencing in the first quarter, the flat to down 1% not persisting throughout the remainder of the year. In fact, the group calendar for us is still strong this year, up kind of low single digits. And then the next two years, it's actually improved and it's up in the high single digits. So we’re pleased with that. From a RevPAR perspective, we would expect to be somewhere in that mid-single digits for the year, including the first quarter. So somewhere between 4% and 6% we think is reasonable.
Eric Hession: Yes. We haven’t addressed that specifically. At this point, we’re anticipating a late June closure. We can - we’ll continue to update as we get additional information. We need two regulatory approvals still. But the team, from an integration perspective, is actively working to get ready. Some of the long lead time items from an IT perspective we've started purchasing and are ready to roll out to integrate Total Rewards as quickly as possible. What I can say is that we're very optimistic in the amount of synergies that we're going to be able to capture.  We've been working with the local teams who are great operators and really can recognize the scale and the technology that we've been able to procure in our central organization that can be deployed to really help out the operations. On top of that, again we think that there's a lot of excitement and a lot of opportunity on the revenue side that can be generated from Total Rewards. And then the horseracing operations of course are excellent and their capital investment has been very high and they're extremely high quality. So everything we're finding about the properties has met or exceeded our expectations. So we're very optimistic about the success of the purchase. 
Eric Hession: Yes. We’re going to be reporting a full package of CRC financials and information in approximately a week to 10 days. So it will lag our companywide 10-K, but you'll have that visibility as well. And then for CEOC, that’s posted specifically for the lenders.
Eric Hession: Yes. That’s a fair inference, particularly if you simply adjust for hold, which we indicated is almost exclusively at Caesars Palace. The rest would be - of the Vegas market would be attributable to the other properties.
Eric Hession: We continue to evaluate it. Again, there are a lot of priorities within the company from a growth perspective and from a capital structure perspective. And that’s definitely one that we’ll continue to evaluate. I wouldn't want to put a timeline on it at this point, but it's certainly something that we have on our list as a potential opportunity. 
Eric Hession: Yes. I'll take the first pass. I think generally speaking, we would prefer to make acquisitions when we do that are leverage neutral or deleveraging. However, I would say that each acquisition is specific and unique and we'll have to evaluate the existing market conditions and the specific dynamics about the acquisition. But in general, our objective is to reduce leverage over time within the overall CEC entity. And so having an acquisition strategy that's consistent with that, would make sense.  In terms of returning cash to shareholders, again we do have an internal leverage target, and returning cash to shareholders is certainly a component of that. I wouldn't anticipate us necessarily having to reach our ultimate leverage target before returning some cash to shareholders, if that's what we elected to do because of the fact that we’re able to project our relatively stable cash flows and the growth of those cash flows over time. We’ll be able to balance the use of those in terms of investing in our core business, exploring acquisitions using that cash and then returning the cash to shareholders and ultimately potentially deleveraging through debt repurchases as well.
Eric Hession: Yes. I can talk about the NOLs to start. You’re right. They came in on the higher end of our range that we gave last quarter at $2.9 billion. It's a sizable amount of value for the company. And given some of the dynamics in the new tax code that was announced right at the end of the year, the applicability of some of those NOLs to more current periods was favorably determined in that legislation. And so that'll allow us, as we noted, to basically fully offset any of our anticipated gains for the next three years. It’s definitely a positive for our cash flow, after tax cash flow. And so we would anticipate being able to deliver on that. In terms of our depreciation for going forward, we haven't yet provided that for the Centaur transaction. And so we'll have to wait until we complete the merger accounting.
Eric Hession: Yes. So the convert now is obviously well in the money. I believe it's trading at around 200, reflecting the stock price appreciation since the strike price was determined. We are unable to call the convert until three years after emergence. However, it may make sense for us to try to convert some of it early through either buying it back or offering incentives to convert into shares ahead of time. We'll look at that in the context of our overall capital strategy and what we do with our excess cash and what our capital structure ultimately looks like from a complexity standpoint.
Eric Hession: Yes. It’s tough to say. I'll jump in and then see if Mark has anything to add. The - New Jersey does appear to be in the lead with that. We would anticipate that much like the online gaming itself within the state, they would offer a product that can be used both in the casinos and remotely. We think it will benefit our casinos in New Jersey. We know for example that here in Las Vegas, some of our top days are the Super Bowl and NCAA weekend and some other sporting event days and we think that that will help Atlantic City. People will want to go to Atlantic City on the weekends to watch football and bet in our sports books which will become potentially larger components of the property.  Beyond that, there have been I believe four states that have passed legislation and there are another eight or 10 that have it pending. They vary significantly from states where it appears that you would have to sign up in the casino and can play in the casino, to states that’s similarly like New Jersey, what we’d anticipate where you could sign up and play anywhere within the state. So I think the pace of this will be over time for sure with the various legislative cycles and as the States decide how they're going to regulate it and implement it. But it certainly seems like a very solid, large growth opportunity for the industry. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we think we're very well positioned, being in a number of different States and having some very strong brands and also operating online businesses in Nevada and New Jersey right now. 
Eric Hession: Yes. Just quickly, the rules are fairly clear that short duration assets can be expensed and then long assets would still have to be depreciated. So for example, with our convention center, a portion of that would be certainly accelerated and then a portion would have to be amortized effectively over time. We’ll take advantage of the new tax rules and it's certainly, for an item like a restaurant, would - most of that's going to be accelerated. In terms of M&A and acquisitions, from our standpoint it really doesn't have a large impact. We’re mostly a domestic company at this point and we don't have a lot of the international subsidies of others.
Mark Frissora: And just to add to that, there's obviously some displacement in the convention business from quarter to quarter that will impact RevPAR in a negative way as you will. And then there's the - some lingering effects as well from the tragedy that occurred in October. So those are kind of the drivers. I guess I would say that the latter two that I mentioned probably are some of the bigger drivers of what was our forecast if you will for the first quarter.
Mark Frissora: Yes. Of course we were very enthused by the market share results regionally and the fact that we were pulling back on marketing expense at the same time. We’re being very selective and strategic in the way we look at the expense cuts, and we're just doing kind of customer at a time segmentation that allows us to reprogram if you will what we do. As you might imagine, with as many offers as we make to our 36 properties really exceeding $1 billion a year, those offers don't all go out one by one. So we're just peeling back the onion and finding smarter ways of using the money, engaging people through email, engaging them one on one, has allowed us to actually get a bigger benefit from those people that are in fact good customers of ours. And then those are not necessarily profitable, again we're able to deselect those. So it's been encouraging because we're expecting to continue to see this progress throughout the year. So to answer your question on that thing, yes, we expect to continue to show I would say rather significant improvements in marketing efficiency throughout 2018.
Mark Frissora: As I mentioned to you, I feel in 2018 it's safe to forecast that we'll continue to show good efficiency. We’re doing - as you might imagine, we're very cautious about making sure market share is not impacted. So we do a lot of tests and learns, and what I mean by that, we test let’s say different offers and types of the offers, size of them, the frequency of them. And then as we learn, we become more efficient. So we have lots of experiments going on and depending on how those experiments go, we have ample opportunity ahead of us. So that's the best way I can answer it. It’s kind of like we know this year is going to be a good year. Beyond that, I’d hate to forecast anything that - for future efficiencies until we actually have the tests and the test and learn experiments back to us.
Mark Frissora: Yes. and we - I would add to Eric’s commentary in that we have also have a large purchasing initiative, procurement initiative around centralizing more of our spend and doing it in an efficient way and we feel that that's going to yield significant results for us this year as well.
Mark Frissora: I would indicate - I’ll also mention to you that we've been able to demonstrate for the last two years that we typically double whatever the RevPAR is, and it's due to the room renovation projects that we're doing. Of course we also have some - actually some learning projects that we have, advanced projects and revenue management. And our system changes this year are actually going to be able to give us a lot more real time information on pricing versus what we've had historically. So on the margin, we expect to be able to actually earn more if you will through our pricing as we do it here on the strip than we have in the past because of enhanced capability. So I think we're pretty bullish on that. 
Mark Frissora: I’d say that we have quite a bit more - significantly more Asian business than we had in the first quarter of last year. The Chinese New Year for us was exceptionally strong. So yes, I mean it was much higher than last year. So we felt good about that. That’s - the health of the business is definitely there.
Mark Frissora: Yes, that's right. As you know, luck can change and even in this quarter, we’re not positive at this point, but we’re hopeful as we continue to get high roller play, that can change on a daily basis.
Mark Frissora: I think that our administration cost of Total Rewards continues to go down, as does efficiency of our offers. And it's driven - the sales force initiative we talked about was a big technology initiative that goes in place in June, and that's going to drive further efficiency. On campaigns that would typically take us four to five months lead time, we reduce that to two to three weeks lead time. So we're much more real time in our offers and smarter than we believe competition will be oftentimes because of the system investment that we made. That is one driver that will continue to drive our efficiency. I think that we’re also low cost as you mentioned in terms of our shared services organization. We’ve had this in place for years and it's just gotten better and better. Part of it driven through again, technology.  For example, the General Electric system that we just put in was costing us roughly $12 million a year to administrate. It now costs us $3 million a year to administrate. It’s in the clouds. It’s real time. It’s more secure. so if we use that as an example, as a proxy for the other four platforms that are being implemented in the company, and two of those will be completed this year, and then the other two finished probably by the year 2020 or so. So we feel very comfortable that those system changes, that technology change that’s going to not only enhance the customer experience, but may just make us more efficient. And then when we do acquisitions, it'll be much easier to plug and play if you will those actual new acquisitions and casinos right into our system. And we’ll be very efficient. We’ll get very good flow through on obviously the synergies, both at the revenue level and the cost level.
Mark Frissora: A lot of time and effort, and we think the potential is big. And we expect to be in a position day one to do something about it when and if this legislation passes. So we’re hopeful it does, but other than just making some general comments like that, difficult for us to give specifics, but we do expect to be in a position to take advantage of it. And we feel that given the number of locations we have, the strength of our gaming platforms, mobile, all the things we're investing in, and we think we’ll be in a very good position to take advantage of it.
Mark Frissora: I’m just going to say, this is the last question. We’ve got other investors and analysts that have to get in line here. So I’ll let Eric go ahead and take a crack at that.
Mark Frissora: First of all, we don't comment on anything of any activity regarding mergers, acquisitions or any kind of opportunity. But so I think that whatever industry journalists say doesn't necessarily have to be true. But we certainly will be in a position, if for example Brazil legalizes gambling and we always look at every opportunity, and we’ll look at this one just as thoroughly as we do any other opportunity developmentally in the world. 
