Eric Hession: Sure. Yeah. This is Eric. I think we’ve said, we probably had a very solid first quarter given the various disruptions in the cycling of the convention. When we look forward, we continue to have a lot of confidence in the market. The forward bookings look very strong, the convention business looks strong and our RevPAR guidance reflects that confidence that we have for the rest of the year. With respect to the market share gains in the first quarter, I think it’s a combination of a number of different things. Mark referenced earlier the marketing efforts that, although we are reducing marketing, we do appear to be picking up share because we’re able to better effectively use the marketing we do deploy. We also, as you’re aware, undertaking a room renovation project that the customers do respond very well to. It’s a great, great product that we’re putting out there, and about half the rooms are complete now. And then, finally, we did introduce more new slot product to the floor in the fourth quarter that came in, in that period and into the first quarter, and so that certainly contributed to it. So I think all of those factors are lining up well, and they’re all also lining up well for the rest of the year just to continue to outperform.
Eric Hession: No. I would just add, we didn’t see any variants in particular for any specific category, whether it’s the low end or the high end. I think all the categories performed roughly the same.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I’ll take this one. It’s – these are all capital-light projects. They do have what’s traditionally a nominal amount of capital contribution from key money that – as you referenced. And so the real strategy from our perspective is to enter into these gateway of large, attractive cities, deploy a nominal amount of capital and secure management fees that Mark guided were between $5 million and $10 million per project. And in addition to that, it enhances our brand, and it also allows us to get distribution from the Total Rewards network. So we’ve been very successful getting three of these kind of asset-light transactions done in the past quarter. And the team is actively engaged to continue that momentum.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I think your calculation is directionally accurate. We see continued improvement throughout each quarter. So the third quarter will be better than the second and then the fourth, better than the third. As we mentioned earlier, we continue to, on an aggregate full year basis, expect mid-single digits growth for our conventions given that we had a sizable decline in the first quarter. As you can imagine, that does translate into significant growth in the back half of the year. We do believe that there’s very strong bookings in the third quarter, potentially all-time record. And we anticipate also that next year, the convention business continues to be strong, and we’re seeing high single-digit bookings into next year. So it’s definitely an improving quarter-over-quarter environment that we’re seeing, both on the hotel side and also what we believe will translate in from the gaming side. We have a little less visibility there because the bookings do come later, but the calculations that you ran are directionally accurate.
Eric Hession: Yeah. Sure. So in Atlantic City, you mentioned that we’re building in about a $40 million negative EBITDAR impact for this year. Since the properties haven’t opened, obviously, that will all occur in the back half of the year, and so that’s included in our projections. Offsetting that is the contribution from Centaur. And we’ve assumed a half-year contribution from Centaur, which is roughly $70 million. That doesn’t include any upside from potential synergies that we can get, but that’s based on their trailing 12 run rate of roughly $140 million. Beyond that, as Mark referenced, we do include some of the performance that we’ve been able to achieve on the labor side and also on the marketing side when we look at the flow-throughs. And then from the hotel side, we’ve referenced the 4% to 5% growth, and that’s obviously a key driver in our projections.
Eric Hession: Sure. We’re maintaining our capital guidance that we had given before, which is that it does ramp down over time. We are still doing room renovations at an accelerated pace. We mentioned, this year, we’ll be doing slightly fewer room renovations than last year. Last year was the peak. This year, we’re primarily focusing on Bally’s and Flamingo. Next year, we have room renovations planned for Paris, additional rooms at the Flamingo and potentially Harrah’s as well. Those accelerated spending levels will be for two more years, and then we’ll get back to our normal, what we’re targeting, at $450 million per year of core maintenance capital. So that’s all included in our cash flow projections, and we believe that’s a reasonable amount of capital to spend such that we can keep our room product up to the expectations of the customers but also manage to have enough free cash flow to allocate to those other investments.
Eric Hession: Yeah. Sure. So we sized the $500 million buyback at what we thought was a reasonable level to go out in the market and repurchase shares over time. It’s over 5% of our equity value but less than 10%, and we thought that was a good range. As we move forward, should the investment opportunities that we have outside of repurchasing our own stock change, we can certainly add to that amount if the board deems that that’s a good use of the cash flow depending on the market circumstances. So that’s really how we’re looking at it. We wanted to give ourselves an opportunity to be able to repurchase the shares if we think they’re at a great value while balancing the need to continue to grow the company because we believe that there are great targets out there, and we also believe that investing in our assets through capital and through technology are providing great deterrence as well.
Eric Hession: Yeah. We have those in our models as possibilities. They’re somewhat out of our control in the sense that you need another party to participate in terms of executing those. So they are sources of cash. Keep in mind that we do treat that as debt. So when we enter into a sale leaseback, we’ll capitalize the lease payments from a debt perspective. So it is modestly deleveraging, but there is some debt component associated with that.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I think it’s a combination of those states that don’t break it out by property. There’s also the dynamic with respect to the future revenues. So some states report the gaming revenues pre-real rewards or discounts, and some states do it post. And so we did have fairly significant reductions in our cash-back programs during the quarter, and so that could certainly be what you’re reflecting. The other thing is that, included in those numbers, if you recall, we had two of our properties actually shut down. And so in some months, they were – one of them was down 40-plus percent. So that might or might not be included or excluded in your numbers.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I’ll take it first. We have another quarter of information – or actually in May, so we have a third of the year done. We have better insights into what the Atlantic City impact would be, so we felt that was reasonable to quantify at this point. The Centaur transaction, we’ve continued to guide towards the midpoint of the year, so that hasn’t really changed. And we continue to expect that to be roughly the appropriate time line. And so we also felt that given the discussions that we’d had with the analyst community and with investors in particular, that providing guidance to help people analyze the value of the company we thought would be very helpful, and so we elected to go ahead and do that this quarter. In terms of the union contracts and other cost-related items, as I mentioned earlier, we’ve taken into account an estimate of our trajectory of expenses, both the marketing and the labor side. And so unless there are shocks to the system, we would expect that everything should be included in that.
Eric Hession: Yeah. We wanted to provide a target so that we also – that it was achievable, given where we think the company is heading, and one that would provide some information to you and to the investors, but one that also wouldn’t inhibit the company from pursuing the activities that we wanted to do. So when we look over the multiyear period and we look at the opportunities that are on the table, we look at the various investments and we look at our cash that’s being generated from the operations, we felt that this is a very achievable target and also one that we think will provide some good direction from people analyzing the company over the period of time. I also think that generally, the economy has been on up cycle for a fairly extended period of time, and we are in a consumer-facing business. And as a result, having a profile over time makes sense from a risk perspective, and that’s where we wanted to head.
Eric Hession: Sure. In both questions, we’ll have to say that we’re still evaluating all of the different opportunities that we have. I think it’s important to note out that, you’re right, we raised $1 billion to fund the Centaur transaction and we do have sufficient capacity under our revolver. So we’re not relying on the debt component to be able to complete the transaction. That said, issuing debt or doing some other type of fundraising might be an appropriate action to take, and we haven’t decided exactly how we’re going to fully finance the Centaur transaction, but there are a lot of different options available to us, and we’ll have to pick at the time which is the best one to do. Regarding the convert, there are a number of different options there as well. And so we’re evaluating that with respect to how best and if and when to try to reduce the amount of convert that’s outstanding.
