Eric Hession: Good afternoon and welcome to the Caesars Entertainment Third Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. Joining me today from Caesars Entertainment Corporation are Gary Loveman, our Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Colvin, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll turn the call over to your questions. A copy of our press release, today’s prepared remarks and a replay of this conference call will be available in the Investor Relations section on our website at caesars.com. Before I turn the call over to Gary, I’d like to call your attention to the following information. The Safe Harbor disclaimer in our public documents covers this call and the simultaneous webcast at caesars.com. The forward-looking statements made during this conference call reflect the opinion of management as of the date of this call. There are risks and uncertainties with such statements, which are detailed in our filings with the SEC. Please be advised that developments subsequent to this call are likely to cause these statements to become outdated with the passage of time. We do not intend, however, to update the information provided today prior to our next quarterly conference call. Further, today, we are reporting third quarter 2014 results. These results are not necessarily indicative of future results in future periods. Also, please note that, prior to this call we furnished a Form 8-K of this afternoon’s press release to the SEC. Property EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of net income and loss to property EBITDA and net income and loss to adjusted EBITDA can be found in the tables of our press release. This call, the webcast and its replay are the property of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. It’s not for rebroadcast or use by any other party without the prior written consent of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect now. By staying on the line, you agree to be bound by these terms. Recall, that Caesars Entertainment is a holding company, consisting of three primary entities in which Caesars Entertainment holds an economic interest: Caesars Entertainment Resort Properties; Caesars Growth Partners, and; Caesars Entertainment Operating Company. CERP and CGP have outsized exposure to destination markets, particularly in Las Vegas. As I have described in the past CGP is the primary growth vehicle for the company’s online and offline distribution channels. CEOC, which remains heavily levered, is the focus of our ongoing work to address its capital structure. The holding company structure that has emerged, along with the implementation of Caesars Enterprise Services in certain jurisdictions, facilitates ongoing access to Total Rewards and other shared services for properties within CERP, CGP, and CEOC. The structure also creates an efficient mechanism for ongoing investment in the growth of the Total Rewards network, the benefits of which will accrue to each of our entities. Today we filed a form extending the time in which we will file our Form 10-Q. The company does not expect any material changes to its financial results to be reflected in the Form 10-Q when filed, relative to what is communicated in today’s press release. The company intends to file the Form 10-Q within the five day extension period. As we move forward with this call, the words company, Caesars, Caesars Entertainment, we, our and us refer to Caesars Entertainment Corporation and its consolidated entities, unless otherwise stated, or context requires otherwise. Now let me turn it over to Gary.
Eric Hession: The only thing I would mention that may have changed in your model Sue is the spending on the convention center for in Atlantic City with respect to CERP.
Eric Hession: It’s about between 130 to 180 depending on the different property levels.James Kayler – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: 130 to 180 million of cash.
Donald Colvin: Thank you Gary. I will provide a brief recap of the company’s consolidated third quarter performance. Third quarter consolidated net revenues were up 6% from the prior year to $2.2 billion primarily due to growth in social and mobile games at CIE. Casino revenue increased 0.3% driven mainly by the opening of Horseshoe Baltimore and The Cromwell, offset by significant unfavorable hold and lower volumes at Caesars Palace. Room revenue decreased 0.4% year over year as fewer available room nights at The LINQ Hotel & Casino due to renovations were partially offset by an 8.7% rise in cash ADR due to hospitality initiatives. RevPAR in the quarter increased 5.4%. Groups business was a highlight in Q3, generating a 10.6% revenue increase and a 4.9% operating income increase. As we look forward, we expect groups to continue to produce strong results in the remainder of 2014 and into 2015, with double digit increases in room nights and revenue. F&B revenue was up 7.4% year-over-year due to the strong performance of several new restaurant openings this year in Las Vegas including Giada’s and Drai’s at The Cromwell and the opening of Horseshoe Baltimore. Other revenue rose 53.3% year-over-year due to strong growth in social and mobile games at CIE and third party rent and entertainment revenue from the LINQ, High Roller, Planet Hollywood and the Cromwell. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 12.9% year-over-year to $443 million due to higher property operating costs offset by strength in CIE margins. Additionally, CERP and CGP each made initial cash payments to CES related to its launch in the amount of $42.5 million and $22.5 million respectively. In conclusion, we are committed to driving efficiency, decreasing working capital, generating EBITDA growth and further improving our balance sheet with a particular focus on CEOC’s capital structure. On that note, I will turn it back to Gary for his closing remarks.
Donald Colvin: Yes David you are exactly right the flow-throughs were disappointing and that is driven largely by the cost associated with the startup of several of the new assets that are brought online within CERP. So we have experienced abnormally heavy marketing spend to initiate attention on our guest part to these new offerings and many of them operated at margins that are below what we believe they will operate in the very near future. So I think these will moderate quickly.
Donald Colvin: Yeah, and also Kevin, there was some favorability from prior year and then this period was consistent with other periods, so was just on the year-over-year basis that you would…
Donald Colvin: The only other thing I’d clarify Kevin just to make sure that it is clear the 320 to 300 is companywide so it’s not purely a regional property estimate.
Gary Loveman: Thank you, Donald for your remarks today and for your contribution to Caesar’s as CFO. Earlier this afternoon we announced that Donald would retire from the company at the end of the year. Donald has been a critical addition to our company through an important time for our capital structure and operations. We are grateful to report his efforts and wish him well. I will miss his indomitable charm and the fact that no matter what he says it sounds better coming out of his mouth than anyone else I’ve ever worked with. Beginning January 1st, Eric Hession, will assume the role of CFO. Eric is well known to all of you and is very much prepared for this job. He’s played an instrumental role in the capital structure transaction that we’ve pursued over the last several years as our Treasurer. Despite his [inaudible] which is an obstacle though a surmountable one I am extremely confident in his ability to meet our finance… I’d also like to welcome Keith Causey, who joins us this afternoon, who recently joined as our Chief Accounting Officer. Keith joins us from General Motors, where he served as Executive Director of Global Business Services in Finance Department. Keith brings significant public company experience with large complex organizations and we’re pleased to have him. Finally a few closing thoughts. While we were generally encouraged by revenue performance in those markets the combination of certain expenses and [inaudible] put significant pressure on our results for the quarter. While optimistic with the outcomes of these items in the future combined with actions to reduce operating cost across the enterprise we will yield improved results in future periods. During today’s Q&A session we will not be able to provide you additional disclosures related to the company’s capital structure and liquidity position as we will have additional disclosure around these topics when we file our 10-Q later this week. We have provided as much detail as we’re presently able to do so and we’ll release additional details as they become available. With that operator, we’re now happy to take questions on the company’s operations.
Gary Loveman: We hear you loud and clear Shaun, good afternoon.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Fantastic. First I’d like to offer my congratulations to Eric on the new move and thanks to Donald for his time. Just wanted to ask Gary if you could maybe walk us through little bit of on year-on-year impacts on a whole. So you said $35 million but it sounds like obviously you held high last year and then I think the more important step I think is probably the – implied $50 million so far in the 4Q and if you can just give us a little bit more color on how you held last year and if that’s also up against a tough comp that be helpful.
Gary Loveman: Yeah Shaun I mean I give you so much details as you like but you shouldn’t inferred that the impact of the fourth quarter is $50 million. We were comparing very favorable hold in the third quarter of last year with quite unfortunate hold in the third quarter of this year and so far some ongoing sustained core hold through the month of October in the fourth quarter. And we’ve announced in the material that the aggregate effect of that is $85 million. We also changed our bad debt accounting procedures such that the amount of bad debt accrual that we have to take this year was substantial higher than what was the case last year largely due to methodological reasons. So the sum of the two expenses was cumulative to the performance of Caesar’s Palace in the third quarter.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. So it does include the bad debt as well that’s cleared. And then my second question would be on the regional markets you called out some trends that you’re seeing to performance so you guys have one of the broadest lenses overall than any of the companies that I think operate in a space. So was curious just get a drill down that a little bit give us a few more thoughts on player behavior what you’re seeing in terms of [trips or cent] per visit and then also specifically if any of that improvement or signs of life you’re seeing are extending to Atlantic City.
Gary Loveman: Let me try to do justice to that question, my colleagues can modify this if you wish. It’s really the sum of the very heterogeneous sub parts Shaun for example Indiana and Illinois have been rather weak due in large part to the very substantial number of the VLTs that legalized in Illinois, the number of gaming positions in aggregate at Illinois has risen like crazy and results out of the market are affected by that both on the Indiana and Illinois have been anemic. If you look at other areas for example in the Midwest and Missouri and Iowa in the Louisiana and Mississippi the results have been a bit a little bit more encouraging both for market reasons in the case of – because of the actions we took to modify our cost structures through the closing of [Showboat]. And that brings us into Atlantic City which is – remained at the top despite these four closures a lot of the revenue in the market associated with the businesses that are now left was lost and only a portion was retained and I would argue both of that what we’ve been able to move from the Showboat over to our other properties which has gone relatively well. Atlantic City has continued to be a top. We’ll have to watch what happens as we move into the typically seasonally very tough periods in the next quarter this quarter and next and see how it goes up.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. My last question…
Gary Loveman: But the issue now for some time has been trips. Trips has remained strong and in fact has grown. So the problem with soft revenues as we’ve experienced is it’s been almost entirely Trip driven and in the market that have been more buoyant you’ve seen stabilization in trip counts and in some cases improvement which has been encouraging.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s fantastic. Thank you very much.
Gary Loveman: Sue I will do a little bit of this and then Donald and Eric can elaborate. Much of this comes from a realization on my part and others that there were certain activities built into this company’s central operating strategy that are no longer as persuasive as they were years ago. Much of what we have done has been premised on the idea that you can influence guest behavior at the margin through sophisticated stimulants and inducements that cause customers to move business our direction or take incremental trips. We have founded with the type of markets we’ve been experiencing outside of Las Vegas and I want to emphasize this important caveat, outside of Las Vegas it has become very tough to do this profitably. So what you are seeing is the reduction in a lot of activity in marketing and in certain corporate areas where staff has been reduced to give up the effort to try to do this kind of work in many instances. So this would include for example the cessation of a lot of advertising and stimulation in Atlantic city in the off peak periods of this quarter and next, reduction in advertising in certain cases, reduction in what we are trying to do with methods applied to how we optimize the slot for. So you should interpret this to be a reduction in the scope of activity that the centralized office takes on rather than marginal reductions in the number of people doing existing patterns of work.
Gary Loveman: I should add Sue there are also some modifications and compensation practices and activities that you would expect during this period that will reduce cost in all three of the operating entities.
Gary Loveman: Only where the market suggest that that’s essential, remember in both of these cases in Tunica and in Atlantic City you had markets that had years of sustained decline and we operated more than one outfit in each place and where we have certain properties that did very well like Horseshoe Tunica and others that struggled with very high cost structure like Horseshoe Tunica very profitable, Harrah’s Tunica very high cost, not very profitable. So the arbitrage opportunity there was evident, similarly in Atlantic City. It’s not clear that we have others where that dynamic applies but we will certainly monitor the case to see if we find them.
Gary Loveman: Well, there are changes perspectively as the level of activity that we have experienced recently has been historically very high. So with the completion of the late, a big chunk of the renovation of what used to known as the Quad concluded, the amount of CapEx we anticipate for next year will be very substantially below what it’s been the last couple of years.
Gary Loveman: I think they continued to do very well. They have required more marketing expenditure than I would have first imagined to get people familiar with the offerings and when they’re available and clarify exactly what the offerings and how they priced and so on. So my level of enthusiasm for this in the performance that experienced remain positive flow through in the introductory period has been a little bit weaker than I anticipated but I guess having thought about it a little more, it’s not too surprising as these things are really quite novel in the city and it’s taken more than I would originally imagined to acquaint everyone with them. The rest of the assets if you recall the composition of these assets are very strong. They are well located very well branded businesses, principally in Las Vegas. Atlantic City no matter what happen to the Atlantic City will be one of the survivors and will benefit from the new convection center when it’s concluded and then there is the lawful business in Nevada which continues to do very, very well. So the CERP properties I think have a very bright future and the cost reductions I’ve mentioned in my remarks will flow through very capably the CERP and I think you’ll see some significant improvement there.
Gary Loveman: I am afraid you walked through the militarized zone David. But you do it with such a deft hand intonation in your questions that if one were not really paying attention you could easily be let in.
Gary Loveman: No, I don’t think you’ll find any quote new information that is to say. I don’t think you’ll see reporting on categories of activity or measures different than what you would expect in the typical Q.
Gary Loveman: Yeah, I will happy to. So as I indicated in my remarks if you look at aggregate revenue levels in the markets that these facilities were close [inaudible] as well as Showboat, the market has lost a lot of that revenue. We are in a little bit better spot with respect to transparency of what happen to Showboat revenue because of course we track the individual guest, person by person and see what’s become of their activity and their anticipated future presentation. So we feel very strongly that we will recovery well over half of the revenue and as much as two-thirds or three quarter of the trips of the Showboat guest within our system. Now we have had to spend some money to do that because these are guests that over a long period of time selected Showboat as their preferred location and we are now having to reintroduce them to Harrah’s, Caesar’s and [Bally’s] and encourage them to come and see us. That has been a costly and a little bit more costly than I would have anticipated undertaking. Though I think it was money well-spent and will amortize itself favorably over the coming quarters. So I am quite optimistic about the retention of the Showboat guest business in our other places. I am little less optimistic about the retention of the revenues of the non-Caesar’s properties that close over the period.James Kayler – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right – oops sorry fire alarm I guess give me one second, can you just give us an update on New York when you think it might be a license might be awarded and what your guys prospects are? I am going to leave now, thank you.
Gary Loveman: Okay. If there was a fire I hope it was of natural causes and not us. With respect New York we anticipate – we don’t know for sure but we anticipate that will be some decision with respect to licenses by the end of November. Operator we will turn to the last guest who is not suffering from sort of fire safety emergency.
Gary Loveman: Yes, they are booked at Harrah’s. So as we – this new connection meeting center we are selling it to very large degree to customers of ours from Mid-Atlantic City to Las Vegas we now have an opportunity for them to hold their meeting closer to the home. We have got very nice reaction to that but the room block is entirely inherent rather than asking the [inaudible] to make their way over to the room block.
Gary Loveman: Yes, but only marginal because we believe that much of this – some of this marketing will now be discontinued has had relatively little effect on revenue.
David Farber – Credit Suisse: Just wanted to ask a couple of questions on CERP and then a couple of others as well. In CERP the pipeline continues to be pretty solid but the flow through was somewhat of a drag. I was just curious to hear your thoughts on sort of what’s driving that if you expect that to normalize and if so when? And then a couple of follow-ups. Thanks.
David Farber – Credit Suisse: Understood and in the last call you sounded optimistic that CERP would see some EBITDA growth in sometime. I guess I’m just curious to hear how do you think these properties are positioned going into the next 12 to 18 months and specifically on the [Rio] and the LINQ you sort of highlighted how those were doing in the last call and I was just curious if you can give an update there.
David Farber – Credit Suisse: That’s helpful and on other side of house you guys ended the quarter about $1.5 billion of cash. I was just hoping here any updated thoughts and if company intends to stay current on its obligations with a large coupon payment in December and I was a little unclear on the prepared remarks you mentioned whether you would be disclosing additional information on the Q or any just sort of remind me on the delay with the Q. Thanks.
David Farber – Credit Suisse: Got it. Okay and then last one and then I’ll hop out. Can you guys just categorize maybe do it offline if you feel, but just sort of same store trends at CEOC given a lot of noise including hold and bad debt. You guys have that number just on a year-over-year basis given all the moving pieces that will be pretty helpful. Thanks.
