Jacqueline Beato: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Caesars Entertainment Second Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. Joining me today from Caesars Entertainment Corporation are Mark Frissora, Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Hession, Chief Financial Officer. A copy of our press release, the earnings presentation slide and a replay of this conference call are available in the Investor Relations section on our website at caesars.com. The slides are available for download on the Events and Presentation section and will accompany Mark and Eric's prepared remarks for those of you on the phone they would like to follow along. Also, please note that, prior to this call, we furnished on Form 8-K a copy of this afternoon’s press release to the SEC. Before we get on our way, I’d like to call your attention to the following information on Slide 1 through 4. The Safe Harbor disclaimer in our public documents covers this call and the simultaneous webcast at caesars.com. The forward-looking statements made during this conference call reflect the opinion of management as of the date of this call. There are risks and uncertainties with these statements, which are detailed in our filings with the SEC. Please be advised that developments subsequent to this call are likely to cause these statements to become outdated with the passage of time, but we do not intend to update the information provided today prior to our next quarterly conference call. Today, we are reporting second quarter 2015 results. These results are not necessarily indicative of results in future periods. In addition, today's call will include non-GAAP financial measures, including property EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and certain supplemental financial information. Reconciliations of net income and loss to property EBITDA and net income and loss to adjusted EBITDA can be found in the tables of our press release. As a reminder, Caesars Entertainment Corporation is a holding company with the following consolidated entities, Caesars Entertainment Resort Properties and Caesars Growth Partners which includes two reporting segments, CGP Casinos and CIE. CEC also owns 89% of Caesars Entertainment Operating Company. However, CEOC’s financial results do not include the results of CEOC and its subsidiaries following its Chapter 11 filing on January 15th and our result in loss of control over material decision given the approvals required by the Bankruptcy Court and Independent Committee. Also due to the bankruptcy and result in loss of material decisions, CEC generates no economic benefits from CEOC’s results. On this call, we’ll discuss certain supplemental financial information including CEOC consistent with the 2014 Caesars reporting. As such the supplemental financial information is non-GAAP and is presented of the benefit for user to understand year-over-year in a comparable fashion. This information is not comparable to GAAP results provided elsewhere in our presentation. Additionally, the results are not indicative of future performance or the results that would reported should the Restructuring Support Agreement be successfully completed. On today’s call, we will review both CEC’s reported financial information as well as the supplemental financial information for CEOC. Detail on the owned and managed properties in these entities is highlighted on Slide 4. This call, the webcast and its replay are the property of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. It’s not to rebroadcast or use by any other party without the prior written consent of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect now. By remaining on the line, you agree to be bound by these terms. As we move forward with this call the words company, Caesars, Caesars Entertainment, we, our and us refer to Caesars Entertainment Corporation and its consolidated entities, unless otherwise stated or context requires otherwise. As seen on Slide 5, we’ll begin the call today with some high level remarks by Mark followed by review of our financial results by Eric before Mark wraps up with some concluding comments. We will then open up the call for your questions. Let me now turn the call over to Mark.
Jacqueline Beato: Yeah, Susan, I think we talked about how it works for forbid a prorate reimbursement from a spent that we spent the CapEx first and so that process continues throughout the build.
Jacqueline Beato: So Sue I think it’s a breakout of the segment is different between the two press release, so the CAC press release has in other segment. I think if you look the Caesars press release CGP is in two segments that’s in CIE and then everything else. So if we take the other segment and the casino property segment from CAC press release they should match our press release. I don’t know if that reconcile that difference for you.
Eric Hession: So it’s two drivers see that are causing the increase, one is that we’ve expanded the number of our segments that book into the hotel that receive fee and then in addition we had increased our resort fees in January, so we had actually implemented them broadly prior to that.
Eric Hession: Yeah, so for - I can give you that, now for Q2 CEOC spend 37 million, this is total CapEx. CERP spent 50 million, CGP spent 70 million and CES spend 6 million. As I mentioned earlier, the full year estimates are unchanged and we continue to be pacing well to hit all those ranges we previously provided.
Eric Hession: We - as you know the LINQ is open at this point, so we are basically paying invoices related to the project that have come in delayed behind when the assets put into service. We have approximately $25 million left that we anticipate coming in on that project.
Eric Hession: David, I’ll take the first half and then Mark can feel free to jump in on this if I miss anything. But - you’re right at the entity we’ll start to generate significant free cash flow as we continue to move forward. As we talked the assets in this portfolio consist of some rather large hotels. We mention that we think the returns from renovating those rooms are quite appealing right now, particularly in Las Vegas and also in Atlantic City with respect to the new convention center coming on. And so we are starting to evaluate which hotel tower to renovate and what sequence to maximize the returns. I think you’ll see starting a renovation at a hotel tower Paris here in Las Vegas shortly. And then as we move into next year, we’ll evaluate some other hotel towers as well. In combination with that we’ll evaluate the potential to pay down the remaining balance on the revolver as well. So it’s going to be a balancing effort based on the results and where we see the best opportunities.
Eric Hession: Yeah, so Kevin, as you know we had a major renovation going on as a link and room started to come back online in October of last year and they fully came back online early in the second quarter. And so you would have seen during both the fourth quarter and the first quarter some significant room outage particularly at that property. As we move forward, again you’ll see some construction disruption from room renovation but we are planning to stagger the room renovations to ensure that we don’t have a significant number of hotel rooms out at anyone times such that they would materially impact the operations. And as I mentioned when we do analysis in terms of the returns from these projects we take into account the potential disruption from having the rooms out and we still believe these are extremely higher term projects.
Eric Hession: Yeah, we’re not waiting obviously, we are doing everything we can to offset the impact of the decline in revenues and we are being as aggressive as we feel as prudent in terms of both from marketing changes as well as operational changes. But in terms of the construction related items, it’s exactly as you noted we have to make sure that we think through what we want to do from a design perspective and then get the appropriate permits and construction process.
Mark Frissora: Yeah, so we’re still very pleased with the response we are getting, the experience is great for the real the feedback we get from the customers is very positive. In prior periods we did breakout the actual EBITDA performance because it was new asset but now that we’ve annualized it and it’s been reflected in both periods. We haven’t been breaking it out and we don’t plan to going forward.
Mark Frissora: So in general, our margins are being driven by marketing efficiency, if you will we’re getting much better at identifying customers that are profitable in those at we give things away that we probably shouldn’t because it doesn’t make sense, we are not driving incremental volume. So those efficiencies are helping out a lot. And then also our labor productivity in operations is a significant improvement year-over-year hence driving 10s of millions of dollars of improvement in the operating results. And then in terms of sustainability, we believe that all of this is sustainable, these margins are sustainable and that we’ve got other incremental projects and today that will continue to drive this kind of productivity improvement as well as we think the marketing efficiencies will continue as well.
Mark Frissora: I mean on our remarks, we pretty much said that we expect to meet or beat our expectations. In terms of any other color it’s about the best I can do because out business has obviously some inherent volatility goes into the luck components the whole component and so we want to make sure we’ve giving you numbers then expectation you count on.
Mark Frissora: So, David, I’ll just remind you that the parent is essentially a holding company. It has the three end primary asset that it owns is a 100% of CERP, it consolidates CGP and then as 89% ownership in the COEC which is deconsolidate. So that’s about all the we can say, there is no real assets, there is no properties, there is no suppliers. Yeah so the point is it’s just a holding company. So it’s - other than that there is nothing significant.
Mark Frissora: I think it’s in general probably let’s see I would June for sure and I wouldn’t say broadly the second quarter because as you May was kind of blowout for everyone in the industry because of the fight that was here in Vegas.
Mark Frissora: Some extend year-over-year there is a tough comp, so we should understand that begin. But secondly I think you know we expect the business to begin to slowing come back to historic levels as the issues that surrounding what’s going on in China the premier stands on gambling in general lighten up and we’ve had a lot of as you know kind of different thing that have occurred within Vegas in terms of regulations and tighter environments here and I think that also make sometimes the larger gamblers in China a little to come. So there is a lot of different drivers. In general, the whole industry experiencing this so we are not unique to the industry how we feel that we are doing awful a lot to make sure we market ourselves as one of the top Asian play houses with Caesars and plan at Hollywood and Paris and a lot of the facilities that we have for the billers that we have within the strip itself. And we are also able to leverage our big network and New Orleans, Atlantic City were some of that play as well.
Mark Frissora: I think we try to steer clear giving projections on it but we feel bullish about how well we’ve done year-to-date and what we’re likely to do by the end of the year. So the best I can tell you at this point.
David Farber: Hi Mark - for the conference calls, I had a couple of questions, first I wanted to just tackle CERP for a minute, the margin was again better than we had expected which is promising. I am just curious what is driving that, you know at two quarters now at the 30, so what’s driving that and then what are your expectations for CERP margin into the back half? And then a couple of follow-ups, thanks.
David Farber: Got it. Okay, that’s helpful. And then CEOC side of the house, we’re not six months into the year, just curious sitting here today with the outlook you talked about, how do you feel about the plan EBITDA you set up in the beginning of the year, is that attainable, is it reasonable or is it potentially too conservative, any thoughts around that and what you see for the balance of the year for CEOC? And then I have one other, thanks.
David Farber: Okay, understood. And then just sort of the as an operator all the three larger segments, I am just curious from the day-to-day and may this question is for Eric if he can help, what sort of reliance you might have on the parent company, any thoughts around there if you could help us and are there any issues legal issues that could impact surplus growth with respect to the parent or thoughts around that would be helpful? And that’s it, thanks.
