Tom Reeg: Thanks, Bret. And not a guidance guy, but here's a few things I expect will happen as we move forward. Absent a change in the public health situation I would expect us to print a quarter of at least $1 billion of EBITDA in 2021. I'd expect us in 2022 to be at worst below 5 times gross lease adjusted leverage with the reasonable possibility of being below 4 times. On the sports side, I'm not going to make any bold predictions about where we're headed. We're going to put our heads down and do the work right now in front of us. It's all about operating acumen and I'll put our ability to operate against anybody in this business. We feel very, very good about where we're headed. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for questions.
Tom Reeg: So yes, that's a consolidated EBITDA number after corporate, and I would be disappointed if 2022 was less than $4 billion of EBITDA.
Tom Reeg: Yes. We expect to launch the sale process by the end of this quarter. Announced a buyer in late Q3 or early Q4, and have that closed within 12 months of today.
Tom Reeg: Yes. Joe, I liked the hand that guys like us and MGM have to play. We've got – we have the largest loyalty database in the business by now. We've got a fully immersive experience you've got. In our case a fully vertically integrated tech stack, so, we should be effectively the low cost producer. We should be able to acquire certainly a competitive cost, if not one of the lowest in the business. And we are throwing-off over $100 million a month of free cash flow to invest in this business as aggressively as we need to going forward. So you shouldn't expect us to be just throwing money away to buy market share. You should expect us to build this thoughtfully, but you shouldn't expect to see a significant increase in investment in this side now that we've got all our ducks in a row.
Tom Reeg: We remain convinced that it does not make sense for us to market an asset until we can market it off the cash flow that we're doing with it, not a bridge to what we think we can do with it. So that suggests it's a 2022 event from a marketing and sale exercise that closes after licensing post. And I should say I've read a number of more rumors, different flavor this quarter. There are no active discussions on any Las Vegas asset as I sit here today.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'd look at it, Joe, like Vegas is even in these numbers. That – what we've seen is the pandemic ended. Well didn't it, we reopened, right? The risk takers showed up everywhere, people they were willing to get out of their house, go in social lines very quickly. That was kind of the 2020 story for the pandemic. In 2021, what we've seen as vaccines have rolled out and numbers have come down, is we've seen a surge in business in the – I can drive to the casino in my neighborhood. Our revenue and EBITDA numbers in regional are off the charts. We're looking at – if you look at legacy Eldorado idle assets doing 10%, 15%, 20% more in revenue and 50%, 60% or double in EBITDA versus 2019. What we haven't seen yet, if that wave of demand really reach, if that's coming, and when that comes, that's when we're going to be optimizing what we can print from here. And that's when we'll be thinking about initiating sales process. So what quarter is that? I would say you're probably looking at something that's encapsulated within calendar 2022.
Tom Reeg: So, Shaun, I would say, I know that we were the most optimistic people in the universe on what we could do once we closed Caesars. What we have found since we've gotten in is beyond our wildest expectations. And part of that is undeniably pandemic related things that where you could not have possibly moved as quickly as the virus forced you to move, accelerated a lot of savings that we would have eventually captured. We have had tremendous buy-in from the existing Caesar's management team that was here when we took over. The way that we're executing now and the people that we've needed to step up in virtually every function have done it seamlessly. This has been without – there's nothing close, this has been the best transaction that we ever put together.
Tom Reeg: I would say that the former William Hill particularly in the last football season, which is really when the spotlight shown for the first time on this space was fighting with an arm behind their back because of the limbo between signing and closing the transaction. You have enough history with us to know that we are disciplined in our deployment of capital, but we are also sober enough to realize we have to invest considerably more than has been invested historically here. We think we can do it in an efficient manner because of all of the advantages that we bring to the table. But like I said, we're going to put our heads down and do it. I'm not going to put a stake in the ground and say, we're going to have this much defensible market share by this date. We are very, very early in this process. We've got a great hand to play, and I have tremendous confidence in our ability to operate and be a leader here and that's what we're setting out to do.
Tom Reeg: Plus William Hill on U.S. So it's not dependent on a strip asset sale or any other brick and mortar asset sale. So, your question on margins since we're already bumping up against 40 without group business, back in Vegas or without full hotels yet midweek, 84% is great, but this is a company that ran what 97%, 98% in a pre-pandemic world. We expect that to come back, that's tremendously high flow through business. So yes; yes, I would say on a consolidated basis, you should at the very least expect that each of Vegas, regional and consolidated ends up in excess of 40%. And that's kind of a function of we came in seeing that business could be done differently here in terms of what you've seen before. And margins could be higher than you've historically seen in this market. And the confluence of factors that we've seen since we got here in particular, the way the team has come together and embraced what we've brought and really built upon it. The expectations for margin are above what we were anticipating when we got here.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I mean – so $10 a share of free cash flow with no debt pay down suggests we need to do, what, four two of EBITDA, I would say, we should be able to do considerably more than that.
Tom Reeg: I would expect we will have a competitive business and brand by this coming football season. And we'll be build – single wallet likely is in the fall, not in time for football season. So there are things that we will add to it that go forward, but we expect to be a player this fall.
Tom Reeg: Yes. So room rates are still below 2019, both weekday and weekend. And if we recovered just that by just room revenue from an occupancy and rate standpoint in April, it's over $20 million of EBITDA. We're running right now midweek in the 80s. I want to say yesterday would have – I haven't seen yesterday's numbers, but I suspect they're around 80, and then they climb through the week. And the weekends are full as far as the eye can see, and we're yielding, but we're still on a typical weekend about $20 below on ADR. And that's where the return of group business can really help us in terms of compression because it will both fill in that mid week gap. And those group customers that extend their trip on either end help us yield on weekends as well.
Tom Reeg: And you would have that room – obviously room business and you'd have the banquet business that's high margin as well. And then whatever they do outside of their conference in terms of gaming and F&B.
Tom Reeg: Relative to our peers, we have far less exposure to that piece of the business, but it would move the needle a little bit when it comes back.
Tom Reeg: The techs that we feel very good about where the tech stack is the big piece for us there is rolling out Liberty and they've got a mix of Liberty and CBS platforms. In the various states, we want to be Liberty throughout that's the competitive technology, but – on the tech side, you're constantly going to be adding to it, you're going to be enhancing particularly the experience. So you should expect that that investment pipeline into tech is long tail.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I saw that we expanded our partnership with the NFL extended and expanded. That's an important partner for us. Football is clearly the big kahuna in this space and the NFL is where you want to be. The draft comes to Vegas. Next year we'll have a lot of it at Caesars, which will be fun. We were very early telling people. We expect to see continued convergence on media side. We're really the only significant player at this point now that we've bought William Hill that controls everything. We're a one-stop shop. If you're looking to get into this business, we're certainly a logical call and you should expect we will continue to have those discussions. And if there is something that creates more value for us down that road, you should expect us to have there.
Tom Reeg: I think that similar to my remarks the last couple of quarters, if you're thinking this is a short-term situation, I think you're wrong. I think that this is – if you think about investment history, you really have to go back to kind of wartime tariffs where the country mobilized for – in the case of World War I and World War II to win wars. So, they pointed all of the economic capacity – where the bulk of the economic capacity of the country had military outcomes. In this case, we've spent the last year pointing this at this virus and have made progress on the vaccine front that I never would have imagined was possible. And then we pointed a firehose of money that consumers. So these consumers were at home largely for better – the better part of a year, not commuting, not spending all the money that you spend going to and from work, eating at work, going out, the savings rate is astronomical relative to historic norms. As the world reopens, already see this capital being unlocked and coming into our doors. We're still early there. So I just don't expect this to change quickly. So I don't spend a lot of time worrying that what happens when you can go to a movie theater or get on a cruise ship. I think the demand for entertainment and just fun after the last 12 to 14 months is going to be like nothing any of us have seen in our lifetime.
Tom Reeg: One of my pet peeves was – when I was an investor is companies that didn't know what they were good at. And I can't tell you we're good at running a non-U.S. digital business. I can tell you that there are almost certainly people out there that will do it better than us and see opportunity there. And I can deploy that capital into businesses that I know will drive better returns to shareholders. So, no, we've not had a moment's pause in terms of selling the non-U.S. business.
Tom Reeg: I would say that's down the list for us. We've got – we have told you, we want to drive this company to an investment grade balance sheet. We want to continue to invest in our properties and we want to make sure we invest adequate capital into sports and online. So that we can build a leadership stake and we think all of that are better uses for our capital than either a share buyback or a dividend for the foreseeable future.
Tom Reeg: Yes. Well, because I don't share it with this group doesn't mean I don't have a market share target.
Tom Reeg: And we will – we closed the deal 10 days ago. So we're – I wish I thought we would have had a full month's worth under our belt. I'll be able to better answer the question of what I think is the appropriate investment level on our next call as we head into football season.
Tom Reeg: I would tell you we're debating content as we speak, how deep do you need to be in that area? How much do you invest? How would you invest that money? I'd say the jury is out. I see others are moving as we speak. We're evaluating what we do on the content side. What Penn did today in terms or announced today anyway in terms of the ability to develop your own games on the casino side, we think is a smart move and Jay is a brilliant operator, so we would expect nothing less, but you should expect us to be looking to build our own capabilities in terms of building games on the casino side.
Tom Reeg: That will continue to expand and our tech stack is a big piece of that. The ability to build upon the tech platform is really one of the key differences between Liberty and the legacy CBS system that William Hill used. So you should expect that that will be an ongoing living process as we move forward.
Tom Reeg: I think that will be helpful to us. I think you should expect that our labor costs will increase some to make sure that we have adequate staff to meet demand, but that increase will be swamped by the demand that we're seeing.
Tom Reeg: Well, we're really thinking about what's the attrition rate going to be for these groups on the books. We think we've modeled that conservatively and early evidence suggests that we were conservative, which suggests groups are eager to return in ways that we were more conservative in terms of modeling three, six months. We feel good about what's coming. You've got Vegas second half of the year is jammed. If you look at forward dates in the market, there is extremely robust demand because you basically set out a year and a half by the time – the business gets here. So we think that group story is going to be a very good story when the doors open, starting in June.
