Eric Hession: Sure. I’ll start and then Mark can add some context. We did notice some softness in May and June and it trended a bit into July, but not as weak as we've seen in May and June. A lot of the weakness was focused around the southeastern part of the United States, which we believe is adversely affected by the oil and gas price situation. And then the rest of the central division also experienced slight weakness that was not in the same line that we have seen through the first four months of the year, which is why we mentioned it here. We also continually take an approach by evaluating all of our marketing campaigns and all of our operating strategies to try to mitigate any weakness that we see. And so, as we mentioned in the materials earlier, we’ll be very vigilant to make sure that we’re able to maintain our margins and that we do react appropriately as we see these threats coming through. From the Vegas perspective, though, I would say that the Vegas market, we continue to be optimistic. The demands for the market from the free and independent traveler are continuing to be strong. And then to address your question directly from the food and beverage perspective and the entertainment perspective, the consumers do seem to be purchasing those products in a strong way. So we’re not concerned on that side.
Eric Hession: Sure. I can run through them here. So, at CERP, in the second quarter, we spent $32 million of capital, CGP was $21 million, CES was $2 million, and then CEOC was $38 million, for a total of $93 million. We did provide in the materials an updated range of CapEx, which you’ll see was slightly higher on the bottom end, but we kept the top end of the range the same. The predominant projects that we have coming up in the second half of the year are room renovation projects. At CGP, we’re embarking on a significant room renovation effort at Planet Hollywood. And at CERP, that's predominantly focused on room renovations at Paris right now.
Eric Hession: Due to the recency of the sale, we’re not commenting at this point on the use of the proceeds. There was some disclosure around the payments that can be made for professional services, minority investors in the entity and a few other distributions. But other than that, we’ll comment on that at a later date. And then with respect to additional asset sales, again, nothing to comment on there. We don't have, at this time, any plans to divest further assets.
Eric Hession: Yeah. I would say, at this point, consistent with what we’ve been trying to undertake for the last six quarters really, we've been trying to rationalize our investment with respect to the various segments, particularly in Midwest regions, but also in Las Vegas to some degree. We really drive down to that particular segment level and try to titrate our marketing efforts to achieve the maximum results that we can. We have seen a moderating competitive dynamic in terms of reinvestment levels, but I would say that that’s also been fairly consistent now for the last six months. So a little bit different than in 2015. So at this point, I would say that there really don't seem to be any strong trends from an increasing reinvestment perspective for many of the competitors that we see. And this is broadly speaking, of course, across the portfolio.
Eric Hession: I’d say, broadly speaking, in contrast to the non-gaming side where we are definitely seeing an increase in both the hotel demand, the food side and the entertainment side, the gaming side has been up a few percent for the past six months. We did have a strong second quarter with respect to baccarat business. But at this point, it's too early to tell whether that’s going to continue. And as you know, that's certainly been a challenged segment for the prior five or six quarters before that. As Mark mentioned in his notes, we’re actively searching for new product offerings that we can deliver to the floor. We do plan to roll out three test areas across our brand, with one of them being in Las Vegas that we believe will contain new products that will be very appealing to the millennial generation and will help really drive people in and reenergize the gaming side.
