Tom Reeg: Yes. So - and thanks for asking that question because I should've addressed that in the opening remarks. I've read a lot of comments about how we're about to sell Planet Hollywood. If whoever knows what's happening there can call me and tell me what we're getting for it, I'd appreciate it. There are no assets for sale in Las Vegas in our portfolio. We do still anticipate selling an asset in the future, but I want to be marketing that asset off of actual performance under our stewardship not having to build a story, build a bridge to what it's doing today versus what we think it will be doing. So I would say, based on what I'm seeing, you should expect a sale unlikely to take place in 2021, probably looking at some time in 2022, most likely first-half.
Tom Reeg: So I am limited in what I can say here. The answer to the first question is, yes, we are profitable in all verticals in that business. On the second piece, William Hill has been in a bit of suspended animation, since we announced the transaction, where, obviously, they were not integrated into Caesars when we announced it. There is not a lot that we're able to do in the period between signing and closing. So William Hill face a situation where they had a brand that they knew was ultimately going to go away as the main driver of the business. So it made little sense to spend a lot of money to build the brand that's going to change early in 2021. We have not been in-charge of that, the operating side of that business in the past. So we will - we're in this to be a winner. And if the answer is, we need to invest more money to build market share and whatever form that takes, you should expect that we would consider that. I consider us to be a pretty strong operating team. You shouldn't expect that to be any different when we're managing the sports and online business.
Tom Reeg: Yes, John, as we've discussed, I think, the miss in that area of the market in terms of expectations is the view that iGaming is going to significantly trail sports and ultimately not be legalized in nearly as many jurisdictions in my experience when states start to see the revenue feeding in from something like sports. I think their inclination is going to be to expand that and iGaming is certainly an easy path there. I'm encouraged by the January numbers that we saw and effectively 2.5 states that suggest iGaming from a total market standpoint is already pushing $3 billion. We are significantly profitable there that business keeps growing for us. We obviously think we are well-positioned there and in sports with Caesars awards. And we think we're well-positioned to take advantage as iGaming continues to roll out.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I'm not going to be disclosing that level of detail until we've - after we've closed William Hill out of an abundance of caution.
Tom Reeg: Yes, for us it was twofold really. You have - we think we were acquiring the customers at a particularly attractive acquisition cost and the ability to fold it into Caesars Rewards quickly and their capabilities positioned us well to start to grow that business. And it was also obvious - an obvious hole in our lineup as we talked with our partners in the sports world both teams and the NFL itself. So we - that was effectively what we did was we rolled our flutter stock that we got in the TSG skins deal into the investment into SuperDraft, which given - what it happened to flutter stock and where we think we can take SuperDraft, we thought that was a good trend for us.
Tom Reeg: I mean, I think you should be thinking about a minimum of 500 to 1,000 basis points of margin expansion on a consolidated basis. So you can do the math that backs into where would we get to call it $3.5 billion, which was the pro format, Eldorado, and Caesars numbers in '19 plus the $500 million of synergies we announced in the original deal.
Tom Reeg: I would say unlikely that we would be buyer of anything material that's already operating domestically if markets like New York and Texas open up to commercial casinos. We would certainly take a hard look as to whether it would make sense for us to play there.
Tom Reeg: No, I mean, keep in mind the - your booking windows are entirely different. When you're booking a convention, you're typically booking for many months or typically more than a year out. And we've got a block of rooms that typically rolls about 15% of our total room capacity and there is no need to artificially reduce that for expectations of what can happen. In FIT, we are really managing that from a rate perspective and we've got a team here led by Pavan Kapur, who is already at Caesars who are the best in the business at yielding and revenue management and that's been evident in our results for a couple of since the closing and that's what we lean on as we move forward.
Tom Reeg: The group business in the second-half of the year is at higher rates than '19 and it's pure supply demand within that block.
Tom Reeg: Yes. And that's part of what Pavan's group does in terms of forecasting and managing the revenue. As you're assuming that in any environment, a 100% of those room nights aren't going to ultimately show up. The discount from what we would have been discounting in '19 in terms of expectation is - what would show up is larger, but we think given what we're seeing in FIT and casino in terms of that wave of demand, we feel very good about where will be, whenever that business does come back in earnest.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I mean in our airline capacity in this market has been the lagging indicator. When you've got the demand for people to show up, more seats tend to flow to this market and that should in particular be the case in an environment where airline performance is as it's been.
Tom Reeg: I'm highly confident we will be $10 a share of free cash flow. The - in terms of leverage, nothing has changed. We have more leverage than certainly we anticipated going into the deal, obviously a function of the pandemic and we - you should expect us to be as soon as we are generating significant free cash flow. Again, you should expect us to be number one target is debt pay down and we fully expect to drive leverage sub-4 times on a gross lease adjusted basis. And as we do that, we'll see we reaching a point of diminishing returns in the equity or do you push it further. And we, as you know, Bret and I both come from fixed income background, so we tend to be a little more conservative here anyway and we recognize the benefit of the flexibility to be having less leverage provides and the wider potential equity buyer audience that it creates. And we are going to get there as soon as we possibly can.
Tom Reeg: I mean it's a whole different operating model, Steve than it was before. We've been talking about this since reopening. The marketing environment is entirely different, the pieces of the properties that are open are entirely different and some of the most labor intensive pieces or the areas where you were losing the most money are never coming back. And layer on top of that, we were in the middle of a combination in the merger that would normally lead to synergies through reducing redundant capacity and Caesars was certainly much heavier in the corporate departments than we have historically run and if you roll all that together, that's how we get to the margins we expect we can get to.
Tom Reeg: Yes, you've got a mix of both obviously given the size and the effectiveness of the Caesars reward system, we've seen a lot of rated play come back, but we have seen significant increases in the under-35 crowd that unfortunately is more than offset by decreases in the over-55 crowd. And in terms of how it's evolved, it's been a fairly consistent kind of, everyone moving at the same time. If you segment our groups by or our business by rated and unrated or by age cohort, you've seen similar behavior in terms of how much they're down since reopening and then when the restrictions tightened and then when we started to reopen again. They've kind of moved in lockstep.
Tom Reeg: Yes, the answer is - short answer is the way you laid it out. Yes, if you took - obviously Chad, you know, we've got Atlantic City, Reno and New Orleans in our regional properties, which have heavy dependency on rooms. So those are the properties that were most impacted in the quarter in terms of restrictions. And if you went to our true regional assets, if you were trying to compare us to say Pandora or Boyd regional, you say, yes, we would have been around flat in revenue and EBITDA expansion would have been several hundred basis points ahead of the 400 basis points I pointed to earlier.
Tom Reeg: Korea has gone, we sold it for some barbecue pork although, we saw it back to our partners where we have no more commitment, we're out. I think that was in May month.
Tom Reeg: We're pretty good at when people come to visit, signing them up to our program. The under-35 crowd has not been any different than any other new cohort that shows up at the properties, so we've converted them to Caesars Rewards. Remember that Caesars Rewards is not yet connected to sports and online since we have not closed the William Hill transaction. So it's not yet. Frankly as seamless as it will be a few months from now in terms of moving customers out of Caesars - from Caesars Rewards down to RX.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I mean, let us get to as soon as we close William Hill, we can get some data out on that. I'm trying to stay within the four corners of what's been filed there.
Tom Reeg: If business travel, convention demand never fully returns, I don't think - I think you're going to have trouble getting back to 2019 revenue numbers. Remember that that group business, even though it's only 15% of our business, it's a big piece of cash operating income in high-end restaurants in Entertainment. So that's an important piece of our business, even though it's only 15% of our business. It's important piece of business for our peers in the market where it's larger. In terms of our - I would describe it as we've been wandering in the best for almost a year now since we started shutting down and you can clearly see the light shining through at this point in Las Vegas in terms of customer behavior. Just the people booking - that the pace of the booking and the fact that it's people actually planning trips in the future is a sea change from where it was in 2020. And given our database and what we can mine here, we feel very good presuming there are no further public health setbacks, which obviously is a big presumption given what we've seen. We feel very good that we've seen the bottom in Vegas and in the business and that we're only going to keep getting better sequentially.
Tom Reeg: I think you're looking at a 25% to 30% EBITDA margin business at maturity for your top tier operators in the market.
Tom Reeg: I mean it's part of our plan, we have access between what - we're in 15 states operating plus DC. It should be 20 jurisdictions by the end of this year. We have access to nearly 80% of the U.S. population in our system and you should expect us to be pursuing the opportunity everywhere that we can.
Tom Reeg: So this is something we talk about quite a bit. Your customers in the regional market as we started to point out five plus years ago that they show up for hours at a time. It may be the case that happens to coincide with when they want to eat, they may get hungry well they are. You can have nothing, but you don't need to lose money nearly as - certainly nearly as much money as this industry has lost feeding people. I'm old enough to remember when casinos - we're only in Nevada and New Jersey and yet in those other 48 states, everybody figured out how to eat dinner. And once the casinos open, it became - how do we feed them dinner and let's just given away for free because got free they go, stop at McDonald's on the way home. We - I can't speak for what others will do, we're going to be smarter about where we are in and how we're in the food and beverage business and just make sure we're not bleeding 3 million in every buffet in the country. We're going to figure out how to do it in a way that meets customer demand and maximizes our profitability.
Tom Reeg: On the Pompano development, we continue to work through the planning and local zoning. We are racing this season. We are - we have a highlight license that we can move to. There has been litigation around that license. We would like to see if we can resolve that amicably, but you should expect that everything that was - that we've talked about in the past remains on the table. Obviously, I would have hoped it was construction was in earnest - well in earnest at this point. So the timing is not been as quick as we hope, but the opportunity in the plan has not changed. In terms of Florida sports betting, Florida's an interesting plex every year as the legislative session starts, your lobbyists tend to be super optimistic about what they're going to deliver. And then by the end of the session, they say well, we just couldn't get anything done. It's a complex place to negotiate, you've got obviously the Seminoles down there, the commercial casinos, you've got Disney, you've got Miami interests. So I think, like other places the momentum publicly for wanting to be able to bet on sports is no different in Florida than elsewhere, is that enough to break the logjam this year. I would probably bet no, just because that's what Florida has shown me in the past. But I'm hopeful, I'll be surprised.
Tom Reeg: Well, I think in terms of EBITDA, not revenue. So I can see of the scenario where we're testing 2019 revenue and the rest of the market has not listed with us. I think that we have the benefit of the rewards program that helps us from our revenues management standpoint. But if pick your property is running at 55% occupancy because groups aren't here, it's unlikely we're going to be running at 96% occupancy, which was the pre-pandemic number.
