Bret Yunker: Thanks, Tom. Our record-setting operating performance in the second quarter generated over $500 million of free cash flow, which, in turn, we applied to retire our remaining convertible debt and make a onetime payment to acquire the license rights for Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas in perpetuity. This combination of debt repayment and license fee buyout results in over $40 million of annualized free cash flow and set the table for further free cash flow benefits from deleveraging and refinancing activity. With investment plans for Caesars Digital now formalized, our 2021 calendar year capex moves to $500 million to $550 million, which includes approximately $100 million for Caesars Digital and acceleration of spend in New Orleans. Net of growth capex, our annual core capex remains approximately $400 million. We commenced the sale process for William Hill's non-U.S. assets in the second quarter and expect to announce the transaction no later than early Q4 of this year. With that, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Bret Yunker: Yes. We encourage you to download and experience it yourself, but it has very deep betting markets. It's very fast, the UX is great. Again, it's going to tie into Caesars Rewards here. And we think it's a best-in-class app looking at funding and withdrawal and the clarity for any sports better. And then you layer on top J.B. Smoove and a great marketing campaign and tie that together not only online but across our brick-and-mortar portfolio, and we like our digital mousetrap.
Bret Yunker: Thomas, with the rollout of the Caesars Sportsbook yesterday and our new strategy for marketing and investment, I think promos, so net revenue could be below that $600 million to $700 million as we invest in the business. But it doesn't diminish from the long-term growth opportunity at all. But relative to that initial $600 million to $700 million, our attempt to increase and be more competitive in the market could impact that net revenue line this year.
Bret Yunker: I will say we're $260 million year-to-date. Obviously, we're coming into the seasonally strongest period. So you should see those revenues start to accelerate into the all-important Q3.
Tom Reeg: The answer to your first question, Joe, is no, not really. I mean, we're having challenges across the country in terms of filling available positions but to the extent that we sell them, we're also seeing revenue lift. As I said, July was stronger than June, which was stronger than May. So I'd tell you Vegas margins in July were stronger than they were in the second quarter. So I think you should expect us to be in that 50% neighborhood for the foreseeable future.
Tom Reeg: You should expect digital to be a material EBITDA loser starting this quarter as we -- we're launching -- in addition to all the customer acquisition activity that we intend to do, we're launching a new brand. So you're talking about a nationwide advertising campaign in addition to everything you do, in social. So you're talking about TV, both national and local, and some expensive markets, I would expect to be -- you should expect that $1 billion plus of spend to run through that EBITDA line over the next 2.5 years or so, and it should be front end. You should expect digital to be a material EBITDA loser starting this quarter as we -- we're launching -- in addition to all the customer acquisition activity that we intend to do, we're launching a new brand. So you're talking about a nationwide advertising campaign in addition to everything you do, in social. So you're talking about TV, both national and local, and some expensive markets, I would expect to be -- you should expect that $1 billion plus of spend to run through that EBITDA line over the next 2.5 years or so, and it should be front end lead [ph].
Tom Reeg: Yes, Carlo, that's a good question. I would say, as you know, we're a company that kind of lets the math dictate what's the correct path to go down. I fully expect that, that convention customer coming back is going to help us in terms of rate compression. And when you see what's missing even running 89% versus what was two years ago, 97%, 98%. It's an extraordinary amount of EBITDA that's left on the table. So I think there's absolutely a significant addition as that group business comes back, it is heartening to see what we can do without that business, though, because in the second quarter, we had very little group business to speak of. Nothing that's even statistically significant, and we're still able to post the best quarter that Caesars had ever posted from an EBITDA perspective.
Tom Reeg: I mean I think that -- if I'm looking at the current landscape, I think that they -- in the time frame that I'm thinking of, I think they end up fairly evenly split because there's fewer iCasino states available than there are sports. On a per state basis, I think iCasino is considerably more profitable than sports.
Tom Reeg: Yes, Barry, this is all real time, right? The mask mandate came into being less than a week ago. What's going on now with the mask mandate is far less onerous in terms of restrictions that we have dealt with in the last quarter. I don't know what impact that will have ultimately on groups coming back. we had the widely leaked internal memo last week on cancellation rate, which I should hit on that what that measures is a week's worth of reservations. If I get 10,000 reservation and 4,700 cancellations, that's a 47% cancel rent versus what's typically 27%. It's not -- we went from 98% occupancy to 50% occupancy. So we fully expect to remain in the low to mid-90s of occupancy in Vegas through this current situation with the Delta variant.
Tom Reeg: So I got no interest in Chicago. Florida we already operate in Pompano. We've got a significant joint venture development that's still churning at that site. Nebraska was a unique opportunity in that we have significant operations in Council Bluffs right on the Nebraska border. That would be impacted by Nebraska utilization and doing the Columbus track allows us to participate in sports and online to the extent that we're able to in that state. So for a modest investment in entry into a state where we think we can get a good return out of that investment, that was a very easy decision.
Tom Reeg: I don't think it's less of an issue in Vegas, I think it's an issue everywhere. And I'm sure our friends at MGM will concur tomorrow or later this week. It's difficult to find enough frontline employees and it does impact what you're able to do, and we're behaving as if there isn't some magic date where it's all going to be better. We're hopeful that as unemployment -- supplemental unemployment rolls off that the picture will get better. But we're doing incentives. We're raising wages. We're doing job fairs. We're doing referral bonuses. We're doing everything we can to find as many employees as we possibly can. It's in a regional property. It tends to be easier because you're not hotel dependent. So whether I have 300 hotel rooms open in a regional property versus 175 really doesn't make a huge difference in materiality to my EBITDA. In Las Vegas, that's an entirely different animal. So we are -- our teams in Las Vegas are doing a fantastic job of managing through this, but it's -- there's a lot of stress in the system, and there's times where we've got to pull back on the throttle to make sure that the customer experience endures.
Tom Reeg: Steve, if it turns into $2 billion, we're having a very good experience in terms of gathering customers because away from this initial brand launch, most of what you're doing ends up being success-based as you bring new depositors into the system. And look, my view is this is a unique situation in that you've got a bit of the Wild West where things opened up quickly and everybody is looking for where the customers are. If you look at the companies that have very large databases coming into this or even look at the ones that have been successfully converting smaller databases, it's because they know where the customers are. We've got over the 60 million people in our database. We have the wherewithal to serve the highest-level customer down to the lowest-level customer. We have a well-developed rewards program in place that treats customers to increasing levels of service as their value to us increases. That's all -- that mousetrap has already been built. It's never really been used in the sports business anywhere, a, because you have companies that are off to quick starts here that just don't have that kind of database and that kind of system. And you've got others like us that are kind of just getting our ducks in a row. But I look at it like we can create -- if we lean into this appropriately, we've got 54,000 salespeople in our company that work it with customers every day can open accounts. We have dedicated player development executives that deal with building relationships and expanding those relationships every day and have for decades. We have physical experiences that we can offer and tie into that business that I think position us well ultimately for success. And that's not to say that others are not going to succeed or that our path will be, as I said, just straight up. But I think we've got everything we need to be a success in this space, and we really kicked it off yesterday.
Tom Reeg: Well, I'll leave the inept comment alone. But everything else that you laid out there is a piece we operate with less labor than we -- than the historical company operated with both at the property and the corporate level. But it's really the attention to detail, the focus on every P&L. I'll give you an example. This quarter, we were cash -- operating income positive in food and beverage for the first time in the history of Caesars. So just on a quarter-over-quarter basis, that's over a $60 million cash swing. So that's $0.25 billion a year. And that's how are you pricing your product? How are you yielding it? How are you managing your labor? How are you managing your marketing? And what are you giving away? It's all sorts of different areas that roll up into big numbers. We're a big company now. So 53 properties if everybody finds $5 million, it's a $0.25 billion. And we have historically been a good company at $5 million bucks.
Tom Reeg: Yes. That was the business in the -- in the world where it was kind of just wandering in the wilderness without the way to the business behind what's changed yesterday.
Tom Reeg: No, you're right, John. We have numerous league and team partnerships plus the ESPN and CBS partnerships that give us access to databases that are certainly extremely interested in whatever team or sport they're following and likely sports betters. And part of what we're doing here in addition to Caesars Rewards, we're leaning into all channels into our own database into the databases of partners that we have transactions with and then out into that Wild West for people that we don't have a relationship with yet. We are looking to build a leader in this space, and we think tying it to everything that we've described should make it an attractive option for players.
Tom Reeg: The technology will continue to evolve for as long as we're doing this. So if there are areas where a tuck-in acquisition makes sense to advance the ball on the technology side, you should expect we would look at that. If there's some brand or M&A opportunity that allows us to improve our position in customer acquisition, you should expect us to look at that. You've known us a long time. We're looking for how do we drive the most value for our stakeholders. And the answer can change over time. But as we sit here today, we think we've got everything we need to launch with strength and then to add to that over time as we build the business.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'd say nothing has changed there. We still expect to sell a Vegas Strip asset, a single asset and I would expect that sale to take place in 2022.
Tom Reeg: You should expect us to be deleveraging. We want to drive our leverage below 4 times on a gross lease adjusted basis. I see that in the relatively near future for us. And I look at it like -- if you think about something of -- north of $1 billion of investment into sports and online, I think between -- just the proceeds out of the assets that we're going to sell out of -- that came with William Hill, I think that's going to match up pretty nicely with what we need to spend in sports and online to build that business in the U.S.
Tom Reeg: Also no. I would expect us to be a leader in mobile market share among -- certainly among the leaders in both sports and online.
Tom Reeg: Yes. For the past few months, we have seen higher rates occupancy that climbed to equal prior year level. We would expect that to grow further and faster as group business comes back. We're fairly comparable from a rate standpoint over the last, call it, 2.5 months to prior year, a little bit ahead.
Tom Reeg: Yes. I'm expecting to be back toward more normal seasonality in Vegas through the rest of the year. I'd expect you'd see the same holiday softness that you typically see on a relative basis, and we'll see what happens in terms of group cadence coming back. But I'd expect we'd be -- certainly in '22, I'd expect kind of a normal year of seasonality in Vegas.
Tom Reeg: I don't have any real insight into what's in others' databases, but I'd tell you with the amount of people and ours that, that database has been built over 20 years in mind. I would expect that -- a substantial amount of the gambling customers that everybody is searching for is in our database and has a relationship with us. So giving them an ability to stay home and not look elsewhere is a key piece of what we're doing here.
Tom Reeg: Yes. You're going to look at each state on its own. There's going to be -- I can envision scenarios where there will be states where it's just not economic to participate. I haven't seen one of those yet. So you should expect us to be active everywhere we can be. I -- there are states that you could miss or if it's impossible to make money. But the reality is, if you look at the history of the business in states where the initial tax structure was difficult, there is a history where those have been adjusted. You can't participate in that if you're not involved on the front end.
