Eric Hession: Thanks, Jen and thanks everyone for joining us. Before Gary reviewed our performance, I would like to point out a major change in the presentation of our results for our earnings released earlier today. Following the applicable guidance under generally accepted accounting principles Caesars Entertainment Corporation no longer consolidated Caesars Entertainment operating company after CEOC’s chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on January 15. However results for CEOC are included in our reported financial results for the first 15 days of the first quarter of 2015 and for the first full quarter of 2014. Following my brief remarks Gary will discuss company results as presented in the continuing CEOC column in the summary financial data of our earnings release. We believe discussing the continuing CEOC column of our financial data is more relevant to investors since it is a better measure of comparable year-over-year performance. As mentioned in the earnings release the continuing CEC call represents CERP, CGP Casinos, CIE and associated parent company and elimination adjustments and reflect the CEC structure as of March 31, 2015 and on a go forward basis with only 15 days of CEOC included in the 2015 reported CEC results and a full quarter in the 2014 results the reported CEC results do not provide a clear indicator of the core business conditions. As a reminder CERP is comprised of six properties and the LINQ promenade. CGP Casinos is comprised of six properties largely based in destination market and CIE is comprised of our social games business in our four money online gaming business. Additionally, we will provide supplemental information on today’s call for CEC as if we had continued to consolidate CEOC throughout the first quarter of 2015. We have also posted these supplemental materials on our Investor Relations website. These materials include both standalone CEOC financials and key metrics for the first quarter of 2015 and certain financial information for CEOC as if CEOC remained a consolidated entity during the first quarter. We believe this information is useful to investors who are trying to understand year-over-year business results for the subsidiary. Recall that CEOC and a [ph] number of our regional properties as well as Caesars Palace in Las Vegas and London Clubs International. With that, let me turn it over to Gary.
Eric Hession: Yeah, absolutely, Gary. David as you know late last year we entered into a program to save between $250 million to $300 million across a variety of avenues and channels. We are well underway into that. I think you can see the results in all three credits and on a consolidated basis, in terms of the margin improvement. As we’ve enacted these efforts, we are continuing to evaluate the impact that they have both on the customer’s response to our marketing as well as the customer’s service that they receive in the outlets and we will be sure to moderate that as we move forward. At this point, we are still on target to achieve the full $250 million to $300 million for the full year and as Gary mentioned we’re not breaking that out into specific impacts by credit.
Eric Hession: We’re also not specifying that David and in part the challenges as you know we have the three different credits. We have filings that are put out monthly by CEOC for the group that’s within the bankruptcy proceeding and then so we’re only provided a consolidated target at this point.
Eric Hession: Yeah, absolutely CERP, so we are still within the range that we had originally provided on an aggregated level. The $570 million to $750 million total full year CapEx, certain credits are ahead of pace but due to construction projects that are underway at the beginning of the year and others are behind and we will accelerate as for example rooms are taken offline and heavy capital is spend. In response to your particular question about CERP, as you know the convention center is well underway, it opens later this year. We have approximately $40 million remaining to be spent and we still anticipate hitting that $130 million to $200 million range of total capital for the year.
Eric Hession: Yeah, absolutely, that was the earn-out for the acquisitions that they had completed last year which was due and then fully anticipated as well as some share repurchases as part of the employee stock program and some other small items.
Gary William Loveman: Thank you, Eric, I hope you all have referred all the information you need to consider the company’s performance in the first quarter is available to you though you may have to do a little bit more work independently that has been true in other cases. Before I make some concluding remarks, I would like to introduce Mark Frissora, who joins us today in our Board room and he will take over as CEO beginning the 1st of July. Since joining Mark and I have been working together to ensure a seamless transition and I am happy now to hand it over to Mark to say a few words. Mark.
Gary William Loveman: Thank you, Mark and welcome aboard. Since the financial crisis all of us have taken numerous steps to position Caesars Entertainment for growth while managing through what has certainly been a particularly challenging set of circumstances. During this period we have expanded into and build the best social games business in the world, added new properties in Maryland and Ohio and invested substantially in a number of innovative hospitality amenities particularly here in Las Vegas. Each of these is now contributing to top line and bottom line performance. We have also created a more efficient enterprise with minimal impact on customer service levels and the satisfaction and loyalty of our guest. Our first quarter performance where we achieved significant EBITDA margin improvement, is evident that these are of course yielding the results we had intended. On a personal note after 12.5 half years as the CEO of Caesars Entertainment this will be my last quarterly earnings call. I am delighted to conclude what needs to be more than 50 such calls with all of you on such a promising note. I look forward to continuing to serve as Chairman of the Board of this company. I am confident that Mark and the management team here will effectively execute on the initiatives underway to position Caesars for its nest phase of growth and development. These are really terrific times ahead for all of them. Before we begin to Q&A session, let me remind you as I have now for some quarters that we will not be answering any questions regarding the status of the CEOC chapter 11 process, or we say the various discussions with our creditors. With operator we will entertain questions.
Gary William Loveman: Yeah, David this is Gary. Let me try to describe broadly what has been undertaken here and then I will let Eric or Jackie describe the omnibus effort that you heard about. First, my remarks focus on CEC, we will not be giving replies on CEOC as you heard in Eric’s proceed we are giving specific results on CEOC, but as I have indicated before for many years the business was run under the presumption that there was a lot of elasticity in the behavior of customer such that if you gave them a further induce to come and see us, you could be rewarded with a profitable additional visit over a lot of experimental work and a lot of effort to see whether that elasticity remained, we modified our marketing programs rather significantly to be prudent with the use of additional marketing expense to drive incremental visits particularly among customers whose average daily worth is relatively low. I think the work led by Tariq Shaukat our CMO in this regard and all of his analytics team has been very highly informed and careful and a lot of the expense reduction you see is with respect to much more sophisticated marketing. The other major portion of it comes from labor efficiency, some of which are associated with these marketing modifications and some come from more sophisticated scheduling and awful lot of attention to operating as efficiently as we can in each of our markets. Eric, you want to comment on the Omnia business savings target and your thoughts on its future.
Gary William Loveman: Yeah David this is Gary. I’ll make a comment about margins. We experienced some of the best margins at the aggregated level that we’ve had since 2008 and that’s the result of the things you’ve heard me and Eric and as Mark described in our comments, better marketing efficiencies, better operational cost containment, improved cash ADR, and I do think these things are likely to continue particularly in markets where we have better forward looking indicators like Las Vegas. So I think if you consider CERP as an example we can see the kind of margin sustaining that we’ve experienced here in the first quarter.
Gary William Loveman: Yeah, I, we’re feeling pretty good about where the business looks in the second quarter and thereafter, David. Our business is I think looks very good for the reminder of the 2015 in Las Vegas due to the structural improvements at the maiden Atlantic City, you’ve seen the results there, you are and your compare quite favorably in all the credit. And I think you’ll continue to see that particularly with the benefit of the convention center opening in August, September of this year. In the regional markets as Eric indicated, it’s [indiscernible] not great, not bad, the margin improvement has been our friend in these instances you know most every case. And then the one where of course we’ve had concerns in New Orleans where we rather suddenly had a smoking ban placed in the latter part of last month and that’s not going to be an easy thing for the business to address given that smoking remains legal in all the surrounding parishes and in coastal Mississippi as well. So I think with the expectation of New Orleans, the rest of the businesses in the portfolio have a very encouraging outlook for the reminder of the year. I do not share Mr. Vinc [ph] pessimism in that regard.
Gary William Loveman: The other thing I would add to that David is that when you look at the Las Vegas market, we with the expectation of The LINQ Hotel, we have had a period where we’ve had general and modest construction disruption particularly in the CERP credit as we renovate the rooms that I alluded to in terms of where we see good return from the deployment of capital, we would expect some of the that coming through. Also in Las Vegas as we’ve mentioned the visitation and the hotel revenues have a real tailwind at this point. We’re seeing real pressure from a room rate standpoint, but then the gaming side again particularly the quinine as you see from the gaming reports has been relatively modest. And so for the rest of the year we do anticipate the strength on the room side. Operator, next question.
Gary William Loveman: No, I am actually a little bit more buoyant about AC, what I said was that we have more opportunity ahead of us. The city and the state government are in the midst of a very important negotiations for the future of Atlantic City to try on the one hand to reduce what is an excessive level of spend in the municipality to something that would be more reasonable for a city of that size. And then second the object of that negotiation has on the property tax burdens of the remaining casinos there. And if that is done in any kind of rational fashion such that for example the property taxes would be commensurate with what we experience in other jurisdictions on either a revenue or particularly an EBITDA basis then the profitability of all the remaining participants in that market could be enhanced very substantially. You undoubtedly read that there seems to be agreement among the parties as to the introduction of a payment in lieu of tax provision called the pilot in New Jersey, which just haven’t happened yet. So, we like how the summer looks there through our properties given all the things we have done to make it more profitable particularly at t Harrah’s Atlantic City and now we wait for some favorable political news out of the New Jersey which could really help, so I know it sounds almost heretical to talk about something optimistic in Atlantic City after all these years but I am cautious and optimistic.
Gary William Loveman: Yes, so with respect to the CERP credit, as you know the revolver was drawn to help fund the CapEx that we’re deploying at the various projects including the convention center. As I mentioned we do anticipate doing some room renovation where we think there are great returns in the relatively near term. So, we do focus on balancing the investment in the facility versus maintaining the profile to pay down the revolver. But reset assured we’re actively managing it and recognize that, that pay down over the long-term is where we want to go.
Gary William Loveman: Yes, I don’t want to comment on what the results have been in the few days since the end of April it’s been affected by the number of things like Jazz Fest and other events taking place in city. I would encourage you to look at the monthly results that are issued by the state of Louisiana where you get a lot of specificity about our property there, you can be sure that our colleagues, our political affairs team has been working in Baton Rouge to try to find some remedies along with the city to see if there is something as we can do to try to address what will undoubtedly be a painful issue there. We have had some experience with smoking bans that are brought on rather suddenly in other jurisdictions you have as well and I think you can guess what the impact on that is. Largely they don’t effect visitation much but they affect length of stay quite a bit. We’ll do things operationally to try to abate that but it will certainly be a bit of hit.
Gary William Loveman: While we get visitation from Asia really at two properties at Caesars Palace and at Harrah’s, usually at Lake Tahoe and that visitation is quite volatile month-to-month depending on largely on events, holidays and other invited events and we continue to think that this is going to be an important part of the offerings we have especially here at Caesars Palace. We have seen that in some of the results we have reported here in the first quarter and anticipate that being the case henceforth. I should add that Chinese visitors come from places other than Mainland China so many of our customers come from Malaysia, from Indonesia, from Taiwan, from a number of other places and our marketing teams are careful to continue to talk to customers in a variety of geographies.
Gary William Loveman: No there is no concern at this point. Kevin you’re right it kicks in a few quarters after the official opening date as defined in the credit agreements and that is being worked on currently with the bank’s servicer and we have some final construction items that need to be completed by the contractor, so that date actually has not started, so we anticipate that the first covenant test will likely be in the first quarter of next year.
Gary William Loveman: Kevin its good question. We have followed the activities of the Showboat customers carefully you might imagine and we have been quite successful with retaining than the other three properties. That was a result of some I think very effective marketing that we use with these guests in the periods the preceded the closure of the Showboat and continuing thereafter. We have not been as successful with moving customers from other entities that close Trump Plaza being an example or the Atlantic Club over that period as we have our own for reasons you can imagine, these were total award loyalist who were willing to change venue with us once Showboat was closed.
Gary William Loveman: No. I mean this is just the large numbers doing expense. Some quarters it gives and some quarters it takes away. But there haven’t been any systemic modifications Kevin in the way the business is executed or way the credit is considered, it had had any bearing on there.
Gary William Loveman: Yeah I’ll take a shot at this, I feel pretty strongly about and then I will let Eric and Jackie as they want to revise these. I think these margins are generally sustainable. Obviously you factored out hold which I appreciate you’re doing. But if you look at the hold adjusted or theoretical margins instead, I think we are in a point now where we can expect to see that continue. As I indicated this has been a function of both the improvement in the efficiency of our marketing and a variety of modifications in staffing. We’ve seen a significant reduction in the number of people working in some of these properties, I don’t expect that to be reversed. So I think as a result of substantially lower daily average operating cost in many of these businesses as well as more efficient marketing, we’re going to see this continue also when you have the kind of ADR and RevPAR improvement that we reported this quarter the margin benefit of that kid of flow through is very, very good, so we really had all cylinders striking with respect to margin expansion in these cases.
Gary William Loveman: My lawyers have often cautioned me not to speculate on the intentions of people other than myself so I’m not really not sure why drives Steve to say that. I will suggest that Steve’s market, he has essentially one big very luxurious property in Las Vegas with a very different constituency than we have across all properties in Las Vegas, so all I can suggest to you is that based on what see in the forward booking profile for our guest both on traveling independently and also as parts of groups and the events that we encourage our casino customers to attend, we are much more encouraged by what we see and perhaps Steve has been in his case and as far as the macro economics are concerned, I don’t see anything in the macroeconomic environment that I find discouraging with respect to conditions in Vegas being good for the remainder of certainly of the summer and throughout the remainder of 2015. So, I am not sure exactly what was provoking Steve beyond that but we feel very enthusiastic about what we see here for the remainder of the year.
Gary William Loveman: I think no new supply additions coming to town over this period. We had a stable supply environment for some period of time. We reported including fundamentals in the hotels, got performance in our restaurants, new line, we have a number of new entities that are attractive to customers to come to our neighborhoods, so we like what we have available.
Gary William Loveman: Well, we’re certainly more domestically focused in Caesars. I think in MGM case it may, we may be much more similar, Sheldon’s is a bit of a mix, it could be even a strong dollar is a little bit more discouraging for inbound internationals in these case that could well be.
Gary William Loveman: Are we considering anything about retirement? All right, operator I think that is the end of our call. Thank you to you and to everybody who joined us.
David Farber: Hi, Mark congrats on the new role, Gary will on this, you are waiting inside. I have a couple of questions first probably for Gary or maybe even Eric. It looks to us like OpEx was down some 90 million or so in the CEOC type of the house. So I was just wondering maybe you could walk us through were you finding these cost saving opportunities as you touched on it a little bit in the prepared remarks but maybe some additional color if you would. And then just remind us where you guys stand on the full cost saving story that 3 to 350, what’s been realized, what’s left have been realized and sort to how you see that mix spread out between CEOC, CERP and growth and then a couple of follow-ups? Thanks.
David Farber: Okay I’ll move over to CERP then. The flow through is, even the whole impact as better than we expected. I would be curious if you think with some of the food and beverage cost behind you guys if you think you’ll sort of see this margin improvement going forward and maybe where you guys think these properties can settle in now that you’ve been running that for the next year or so would be helpful. And then I’ll move away from CEOC? Thanks.
David Farber: Okay and then just last from me. I would just be curious to hear just Gary your thoughts of where the business is today meaning, anything you see in April there’s been some operators who have been more optimistic than others. Just curiously here sort of where you stand on the regional markets of Las Vegas in particular and then that’s it from me? Thanks.
