Eric Hession: All right. Thank you very much and good afternoon and welcome to the Caesars Entertainment fourth quarter 2013 results conference call. Joining me today are Gary Loveman, Chief Executive Officer of Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Mitch Garber, Chief Executive Officer of Caesars Acquisition Company, Donald Colvin, Chief Financial Officer of Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Craig Abrahams, Chief Financial Officer of Caesars Acquisition Company. Following our prepared remarks, we will turn the call over to your questions. A copy of our press release, today's prepared remarks and a replay of this conference call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at caesars.com. Before I turn the call over to Gary, I would like to call your attention to the following information. The Safe Harbor disclaimer in our public documents covers this call and the simultaneous webcast at caesars.com. The forward looking statements made during this conference call reflect the opinion of management as of the date of this call. There are risks and uncertainties with such statements which are detailed in our filings with the SEC. Please be advised that developments subsequent to this call are likely to cause these statements to become outdated with the passage of time. We do not intend, however, to update the information provided today prior to our next quarterly conference call. Further, today we are reporting on fourth quarter 2013 results. These results are not necessarily indicative of results in future periods. Also, please note that prior to this call we furnished a Form 8-K of this afternoon's press release to the SEC. Property EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of net income and loss to property EBITDA and net income and loss to adjusted EBITDA can be found in the tables in our press release. This call, the webcast and its replay are the property of Caesars. It's not for rebroadcast or use by any other party without the prior written consent of Caesars. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect now and by remaining on line, you agree to be bound by these terms. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Gary Loveman.
Eric Hession: Yes, and along the line, Sue, we do anticipate that CEOC will spend less CapEx than the prior year. The remaining CapEx will be mostly maintenance in nature but there will be some growth projects at the property. I think, Gary's point is well taken that even at CEOC, from a maintenance perspective we do have a plan to spend the capital, but it is sometimes late into the future years.
Eric Hession: So, Sue, this is Eric. We have rally been focusing, at this point, on the transaction itself and preparing its financials for the call today but we are still exploring the use of proceeds. As Gary mentioned in his remarks, we have not yet quantified the amounts that will be used to repurchase first lien at this point. I am pointing that out because we are looking over the variety of options that we have, and this would include some the invested cash usage.
Eric Hession: Yes. I think that's exactly right, Gary. The CIC is going to start a capital program at the Quad for about $225 million. We do expect a good return from that going forward once it's completed.
Eric Hession: Thanks, Gary. So, from an ownership standpoint, David, we would anticipate that the three entities would be the owners and the three entities would be CGP, CERP and then CEOC. In terms of the economics to CEOC, that's still being worked out from a specific standpoint, but what we would anticipate, as Gary mentioned in his remarks, that the services company would be a breakeven entity. So the allocations and the CapEx that's required for that would be borne as a service company and then allocated out. The initial funding, though, as I mentioned would be done not by CEOC, with the exception of the licensing of the brands.
Eric Hession: Yes, James. We generally don't comment on the capacity of our various baskets and first lien offerings. So we are not able to do so at this time either.
Eric Hession: Yes, it's the same answer. We apologize we just don't have any history of providing that and we are not going to at this point either.
Eric Hession: Yes. As you saw, starting with some of our management joint ventures that we had in earlier quarters, because of the structure we booked the expenses associated with that property as revenue and then also have an equating expense, so that there is zero impact to our EBITDA. But what does is, it does have a negative impact on the margin and so as we opened more these including Cincinnati, ThistleDown in Cleveland and a few other, that has grown. So it inflates the revenues and the expenses and that depresses our margins. We will have more detail on that in the 10-K when we put that out.
Eric Hession: Yes, Shaun, the other thing, Donald is just mentioning to me, is that we did have Harrah's St. Louis in these results prior year which is approximately $50 million.
Eric Hession: I don't think we are in a position to answer that, Kevin. As I mentioned, we have been focusing on the transaction itself and the earnings and as we move forward and explore the various options, we will look in more detail on that. I apologize.
Eric Hession: I think it's safe to say that we don't know specifically at this point. I think bank debt was certainly something that we look at initially. I do not want to rule anything out other than to say that it is still under consideration of what we are going to do and how much.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Craig. Detailed financial results can be found in our earnings release, which now also breaks out the three main structures we consolidate, CEOC, CERP and CGP. Diving into the details of our three main structures, let me briefly review the high level drivers of performance at each: Q4 net revenue at CERP increased 2% from the prior year period to $462.8 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 7% to $94.8 million. CERP benefited from the Las Vegas market concentration and an increased cash ADR, stemming from the introduction of resort fees. This was offset by approximately $10 million of unfavorable hold impact from the VIP segment at Paris. Atlantic City performance declined on a year-over-year basis. We expect CERP will benefit from the opening of the LINQ and the High Roller over the next few weeks. CERP's results will also include the contribution from these operations in future periods. At CEOC, net revenue was $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013, down 5% from the prior year. CEOC adjusted EBITDA declined 16% to $270.7 million. Performance at CEOC was impacted by unfavorable weather, decreased visitation and increased marketing spend, partially offset by increased pass-through reimbursed management costs. CEOC results are presented excluding the LINQ and Octavius Tower impact. Additionally, CEOC results no longer include the revenue from Planet Hollywood, given the sale of the property to CGP in early Q4 and Conrad Punta del Este, subsequent to its deconsolidation following a partial sale in Q2 of 2013. The other key drivers of CEOC's performance were our regional business, where weather and visitation negatively impacted results and strong contributions from Caesars Palace, which drove record results through returns on our recent capital investments and exposure to the high-end play on the Las Vegas Strip. Once the asset sale with CGP closes, CEOC will receive management fees for the four properties and proforma for the end of 2013, will have an excess of $3.2 billion in cash, enhancing the entity's liquidity. Moving on to CGP. The fourth quarter was the first quarter of financial results for CGP with results consolidated into CEC. As Craig described previously, solid operating performance was mainly driven by the growth in the social and mobile games segment, the launch of real-money online gaming in New Jersey and favorable growth across all key gaming and non-gaming segments at Planet Hollywood. Beginning in Q1 of 2014, CGP's quarterly numbers will include the results for CIE's recently announced House of Fun acquisition. Once the transaction between CEOC and CGP closes, which is expected to occur sometime in the second quarter, CGP's results will also include contributions from the four acquired assets. Longer term, we expect the planned renovation of the Quad to result in increased average daily room rates at the property, which are presently among the lowest in Las Vegas. In addition, we expect to see increased food and beverage and gaming revenue as a result of the upgraded property and its integration into the collection of retail, dining and entertainment experiences offered at The LINQ. On a consolidated basis, fourth quarter net revenue was $2.1 billion, a 3% increase from the year ago primarily driven by revenue growth at CIE, higher reimbursable management costs and an increase in room revenue, all of which were partially offset by a 5% decline in casino revenues. Breaking down our performance regionally, Las Vegas generated an 8% increase in net revenue, driven by growth in hospitality revenue streams, while Atlantic Coast was flat as increases in hotel and food and beverage revenue were offset by declines in gaming revenue. Other regional markets experienced a 5% decline in casino revenues primarily due to poor weather conditions and persistent softness in visitation. Poor weather is expected to continue to have an impact on our business in Q1 as will competitive pressures, particularly in Atlantic City. On the expense side, costs increased due to the launch of several new marketing campaigns. Additionally, our results included a $102 million write off of our Suffolk Downs, Massachusetts investment. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 3% year-over-year as strength in Las Vegas was more than offset by weakness in the rest of the country. Please note that prior results have been recast to reflect a change in accounting principle that was retrospectively applied. As a whole, Caesars Entertainment remains committed to driving efficiency, improving working capital, generating operating and EBITDA improvements and further enhancing our balance sheet, with a particular focus on CEOC's capital structure. We did not issue any equity through our at-the-market authorization in the fourth quarter nor did we repurchase any debt. With that, I will hand it back to Gary for his final remarks.
Donald Colvin: Drama. I think the ones that are in there are intentional because we had anticipated that the fourth quarter would end with a buying and we had ramped up a lot of marketing programs in anticipation of that. Unfortunately as a result of bad weather and other factors it was more of a whimper than a buying. So we ended up having a stranded cost and something when you launch these programs, it takes a while to wind them down. So we were spending more than our models anticipated. That why we have taken some action to taper back as we through the first quarter. So that we just didn't end the year with such a high level of business as we had previously anticipated and the cost had a negative impact on us.
Donald Colvin: Let me just give a practical example as I was looking into this. When we look at our capital expenditures and there was a question on that, CEOC has historically fronted a lot of capital expenditures for all the different legs of our capital structure, for instance, the WiFi network in all our properties with PCI investments for Internet security which is so important in our business. So one of the advantages that will come out of this is, we will figure out a method, not for CEOC to front it but to split that between the different legs in our capital structure and that will have or should have an advantage to CEOC as far as its cash flow is concerned, as we finalize this contract. So that's, again, the practical thing we have to look at as we look at our company not just as one but as three different legs and we have to make sure we allocate capital for example to the three different legs of our company.
Gary Loveman: Thank you, Donald, and thank you, Craig. The next few months will see the realization of important development and investments initiated over the past few years in our company. The combination of improving organic trends in key markets, especially in Vegas, the arrival of exciting new assets and further attention to CEOC's capital structure bodes well indeed for Caesars in 2014. With that, operator, we will take questions.
Gary Loveman: It will include the database and Total Rewards and the three entities that use what services provides will be charged under some likely pro rata scheme such that the services entity is a break even proposition.
Gary Loveman: It's just a license. The asset remains in CEOC. You recall, I recognize there was a lot of content in these remarks, but in my description of the services entity which suggested that these sorts of things would be licensed into the services company.
Gary Loveman: I will take the first one, and then Eric can come in on the second. We do start out with higher projections at the end of the year. Our appetite exceeds our capacity to digest. So aren't able to scope out and come to a decision on as many projects throughout the year as we anticipate when the budget cycle runs through. So we do consistently lined up with a higher level of expected CapEx than achieved.
Gary Loveman: Since most of the Vegas properties are now out of CEOC, so they are the ones that have had the greatest maintenance and renovation expenses, remediation expenses. So those will now be more in CACQ and CERC.
Gary Loveman: Well, I wish I had a new theme to give you about Atlantic City, Sue, but I don't. The market is very weak. Visitation continues to be a problem. We experienced players spending what we have experience in spending in the past when they were with us but they are not with us as often as they used to be. The new assets that were applied in that market, notably the Revel have done nothing to grow the market. There is an awful lot of capacity in that market given how much the gaming demand has declined over the last several years. We are working very hard to find ways try to stem that decline, including our new convention center development ands we are going to be doing a series of new restaurant. We just renovated Bally's. And all of these, I think, are at the margin, helpful but there are getting a strong secular decline in visitation, and I haven't seen that updated recently. We, of course, have been hit with very bad weather recently as well, which certainly hasn't helped.
Gary Loveman: So I think Eric is probably going to leave the arithmetic to you. So you have the reported CEOC EBITDA, as you have our estimated range of historical EBITDA. The only modification I would give you, and of course I will let Eric revise this in a moment if he chooses to, is that some of these properties have been under significant renovation recently as they had quite a lot of disruption. So when Mitch and Craig put money into the Quad shortly, you should expect to see some improvement in the operating performance of some of the transferred assets.
Gary Loveman: So, David, to answer this slightly differently in a complementary fashion, let's think about it by defining the residual. If you think about Mitch and Craig's company with CACQ entity, they will have the employees who work in the properties that they own and they will have management necessary to do what is unique to CACQ. All the services that are provided to the properties in Las Vegas formally would be in the services entity. So marketing, entertainment promotion, facilities, perhaps employment law, the group of people that it negotiates, our labor agreements, all the things that could be divided, or I should say provided, on a consistent basis across the three ownership structures would be in the services entity and that would include virtually all of the existing Senior Management of Caesar's.
Gary Loveman: Let me describe the strategy and Eric or Donald can fill in any specifics .So we made clear in our remarks that we feel that CPR is composed of three entities, two of which are financially healthy, CERP and CGP, and one is overlevered and consuming cash at a rate that we are not comfortable with. So we are going to take steps, including with asset sales to address CEOC and its overleveraged circumstances. How we do that remains to be determined. Obviously, there is lots of places where the proceeds could be applied. There is no shortage of clever people who have ideas about how this might be done. Working with our shareholders and our board, we are looking at a variety of options for how to proceed. And the same would be true of the unspent portion of other sales, including the Caesars golf course in Macau that we sold recently.
Gary Loveman: Okay, with respect to trends in Las Vegas you said there is a lot of openings coming. I am not sure there is a very impactful series of openings coming. (inaudible), we certainly are going to open shortly. I wish him well. But I think they have a hard road ahead of them, largely for vocational reasons that have little to deal with the quality of the asset or what it is they propose to do. So I think we have one of the more stable supply environments we have seen in a long time. We enjoy the demand curve that is shifting out favorably. We see an improvement in the commission meeting business. We see, for example, here in March, the return of one of the biggest events throughout the cycle of conventions and meetings that we experienced in Las Vegas. We see improved visitation internationally and a larger composition of our guests coming from outside the United States. The entertainment, night life and food and beverage business continues to grow very nicely. The imposition of resort fees has been well tolerated. So there is in fact lots of reasons for buoyancy in the Las Vegas market and we see a very bright future for us here. I still believe there is no resort attractions anywhere in the world that offers what Las Vegas offers and there doesn't seem to be one anywhere in the multi-year horizon and throughout, particularly with the renovation of the Quad, which as Donald pointed, is the lowest ADAR property we offer. You will see our relative ADR position improve as our overall ADR structure of the city also improves. So I like that combination. We have the Cromwell coming online here in a few months. We will have the Quad coming online over a period of time, beginning at the end of the year, along with improvements in our hotel inventory elsewhere. That's a good story for us.
Gary Loveman: Well, yes. Sorry that means you will have to extract. I would just emphasize that the fourth quarter, remember the Cromwell closed. Bill's Gamblin' Hall has been closed. So you can give that one a zero comfortably. The Quad, you can have that as casino open but its rooms did not get renovated. So I think you can get, its EBITDA in that pile is relatively modest on a proportional basis, anyways. So you can probably come to a pretty good conclusion here.
Gary Loveman: Everything that Donald says is right. I just want to add a little bit to this because this discussion of free play is one that is often a business understood in these discussions. So unlike a lot of other forms of marketing, free play is a bit of an endogenous variable. So I say, that when an existing customer, Shaun Kelley who spins $100 six times a month in the regional markets, then I am going to give you an incremental amount of free play and the question among those of us who proposed that is, will that lead you to setting you the money you have already spent with us or increase it because of this inducement or will simply use the incremental free play offered to offset the money you would have given us anyway. What would put it differently is your response entirely inelastic. If it is, shame on us. We have just underwritten an experience that you would have paid us for otherwise. If instead your reactions is elastic, then we might have encouraged you either to give us a visit that would have gone to our competitor or you might extend your visit with us because we have underwritten effectively the marginal cost of gambling loss. And as Donald pointed out, this experience with us had very wide and varying results across markets. Now for competitive reasons, I won't say where it works best in, but I will say where it worked least well and that was Atlantic City, where we tried to induce a greater degree of revenue along the line of Sue Berliner had asked a moment ago, and we found a surprisingly inelastic response here. Just get ended up being used by existing customers to underwrite existing play rather than generate marginal revenue and that leads to a very bad story for the CFO.
Gary Loveman: So I think it refers instead, Shaun, to, I mean that's somewhat of an ambiguous term because as you point out, it can be interpreted in a variety of ways. So I think it refers to how much supply we want to have active in each of these markets where we see protracted periods of decline.
Gary Loveman: Well, yes. I am going to let Eric answer just with the most important part of it. One of factors you have to consider in this is the deleterious effect of weather on them and some marginal economics of these businesses but there is also a technical explanation, Eric.
Gary Loveman: If it makes you feel any better, I am pretty sure Eric's wife is going to ask him where he wants to eat tonight, and he will be unprepared to answer.
Gary Loveman: Not one Kevin I am prepared to stake any answer toward. I don't think there will be consequential synergies or cost. So today we have a corporate entities that provides services to all properties that operated before CACQ or served for any of these other entities who are distinguished from one another. So if you go back to the immediate post-LBO environment, we had a property financed entity called CNBS. We have the operating entity and we ran them such that our operators and marketers never really knew what was in what bucket. And as we go forward now with a slightly more nuanced version of this, the same would be true. I don't see any meaningful synergies because there won't be an elimination of services at any of existing structures. Nor do I see meaningful cost in the establishment of the services entity.
Gary Loveman: We have quite a benign and financially uneventful exercise. It will be complicated, of course, because we like complexity, but I don't think it will have any synergy or cost consequences to worry about.
Gary Loveman: Well, I think the rationale is, CCR now has a complicated interest in three different entities, all of which operate assets that are seeking to provide a seamless experience to our customers and we want to now, with these three structures in place and likely to be in place for some time, got to a more traditional corporate entity that has a services vehicle that services all three of the entities that it operates. If you look across a wide variety of industries, you would see that to be a common organizational approach. It's not that we are all that far off of it today. In fact, if your memory is really good, back several earnings calls ago, we talked about the centralization of a variety of resources such as analytics and entertainment into something called enterprise shared services which was housed in the corporate office Now we are talking about one more step in formalization of these services into an entity with that name that provides its services to each of the three operating entities.
David Farber - Credit Suisse: I have got a couple. Some have been asked. I just wanted to quickly talk about the operating company. It looks like, just making sure we have the right math, it was like a $1.240 billion of OpCo EBITDA and then you provided additional disclosures around the four assets. So I just wanted to clarify, on a go forward basis, and maybe this is best for Eric, if OpCo right now is around $1.1 billion or if there is any other adjustments in there we should be considering on a go forward basis? And then I have a number follow-up. Thanks.
David Farber - Credit Suisse: I guess I can do the math. I was hoping maybe you could provide additional thoughts on the JV services agreement to Sue sort of tried to outline. Specifically maybe you guys can help us out on who owns the entity? What's in the entity other than the license? And to the extent you can talk about of it maybe how CEOC is treated from an economic perspective, going forward, given it owns the brands? So sort of a three-part question there. If you can be helpful, that would be great. Thanks.
David Farber - Credit Suisse: On the asset sales, away from the ones that have just been contemplated, given you are sort of still working on that, maybe you can just help us out given the others that have been done in Macau and Planet Hollywood. Obviously, a number of proceeds there. I was just curious to get some of your thoughts if you have elected at all to use any of those proceeds? Do you have any additional thoughts that you can share either on what's been announced recently or any of the proceeds you have used in the last, call it, six to 12 months. Thanks.
David Farber - Credit Suisse: Just turning to operations because you guys do run casinos. I wanted to just talk about Las Vegas for a minute.
David Farber - Credit Suisse: Yes, I guess a decade of covering it will do that. So there has been a lot of openings, or will be in the next three to six months, in Las Vegas. So obviously you guys continue to be bullish on that segment. I guess I would be curious to hear if you can share some more qualitative thoughts on the segment. If you have any thoughts about RevPAR trends or bookings or convention mix going into 2014? And then I will hop back into the queue as well. Thanks.
