Eric Hession: Thank you, Jessica. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Caesars Entertainment second quarter 2014 results conference call. Joining me today from Caesars Entertainment Corporation are Gary Loveman, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Colvin, Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will turn the call over to your questions. A copy of our press release, today’s prepared remarks and a replay of this conference call will be available in the Investor Relations section on our website at caesars.com. Before I turn the call over to Gary, I would like to call your attention to the following information. The Safe Harbor disclaimer in our public documents covers this call and the simultaneous webcast at caesars.com. The forward-looking statements made during this conference call reflect the opinion of management as of the date of this call. There are risks and uncertainties with such statements, which are detailed in our filings with the SEC. Please be advised that the developments subsequent to this call are likely to cause these statements to become outdated with the passage of time. We do not intend, however, to update the information provided today prior to our next quarterly conference call. Further, today, we are reporting on second quarter 2014 results. These results are not necessarily indicative of results of future periods. Also please note that prior to this call we furnished a Form 8-K of this afternoon’s press release to the SEC. Property EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of net income and loss to property EBITDA and net income and loss to adjusted EBITDA can be found in the tables of our press release. This call, the webcast and its replay are the property of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. It’s not for rebroadcast or use by any other party without prior written consent of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect now. By remaining on the line, you will agree to be bound by these terms. As we move forward with this call, the words “company”, “Caesars”, “Caesars Entertainment”, “we”, “our” and “us” refer to Caesars Entertainment Corporation and its controlled entities, unless otherwise stated, or context requires otherwise. Now, let me turn it over to Gary.
Eric Hession: Yes, we got them, Shaun. Apologize for the delay. So, from a CEOC perspective, we calculate that we were approximately $13 million favorable in aggregate.
Eric Hession: Caesars was more than that as we held negative in Atlantic City and in the regions. So, Caesars was slightly more than $20 million favorable. CERP, as we mentioned, was slightly unfavorable. And then CGP was slightly favorable.
Eric Hession: Yes. Shaun, so there were number of factors over the last say six months that have driven off the interest expense. It started with the refinancing of the CMBS, if you recall that had extremely low interest rate. And although we feel that it was very positive to refinance it, it was reset to the then current market rates which were higher. Then when we – when CGP financed the four property asset purchase that was incremental debt from a consolidated perspective. And then as you mentioned we did have the $1.75 billion facility in escrow while we were paying both on the term loan that it retired and the bonds as well as that facility. So I think as of this point it should be fairly straight forward to calculate the true cash interest expense. I would just remind you to adjust for the swaps that should be rolling off at the beginning of May.
Eric Hession: Yes, that’s right Shaun, there was a double count with the $1.75 billion for a period of time while that was in escrow.
Eric Hession: Yes, just to provide a few specifics to we did have a $9 million one-time gain in the prior year period for the reversal of the comp tax. We had the – I mentioned earlier the negative hold that was slightly negative. And then one other aspects that impacted our margins negatively was the opening of the new food and beverage facility and the associated ramp up with those. The margins as you know on food and beverage are generally low to begin and particularly when they are initiating the opening stages and in the first six months of operations they have to ramp up due to the staffing and cost of goods considerations.
Eric Hession: Yes. We, from a financing perspective, we had provided a range of where we expected the EBITDA in the performance of the both the LINQ and the wheel. And we are performing within that range the range entity on a combined basis made approximately $10 million of EBITDA in the quarter.
Donald Colvin: Thank you, Gary. Before I cover the financial results, let me reiterate that we have shifted Caesars Entertainment financial reporting and disclosure practices to align with the way investors are valuing the business, which is as a holding company with three distinct equity holdings. I will provide a brief recap of the company’s second quarter performance on a consolidated basis. Second quarter consolidated net revenues were up 3% from the prior year to $2.2 billion as increases in social and mobile games as well as contributions from the LINQ and the High Roller were partially offset by a decline in casino revenue. Casino revenue declines of 1.9% were driven by lower volumes and visitation, primarily in Atlantic City and the regional markets, as well as the deconsolidation of Conrad Punta del Este. Room revenue decreased 0.7% year-over-year, while overall ADR increased, benefiting from resort fees and hospitality initiatives. Occupancy decreased, partially impacted by out of order rooms, due to the renovation efforts at the Quad. F&B revenue was up 1.6% year-over-year due to the performance of several new restaurant openings last year including Nobu and multiple Gordon Ramsay venues. Other revenue rose 43.7% year-over-year due to strong growth in social and mobile games at CIE and third party rent and entertainment revenue from the LINQ, High Roller, Planet Hollywood and the Cromwell. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA declined 3% year-over-year to $455 million due to higher property operating costs offset by strength in CIE margins. Separately, as Gary mentioned earlier, the completion of our $1.75 billion first lien debt offering clears the runway for deleveraging as we have addressed 2015 maturities and through the amendment, created additional headroom under the CEOC covenant requirement. We are committed to driving efficiency, decreasing working capital, generating operating and EBITDA growth and further improving our balance sheet with a particular focus on CEOC’s capital structure. With that, I will turn it back to Gary for his closing remarks.
Donald Colvin: I think it’s you have done a lot of detailed analysis into this Susan we don’t think the second quarter is representative of how you should see that going forward.
Donald Colvin: While we haven’t announced that, we have a lot of liquidity in CEOC over $2 billion and we have satisfied all maturities as they have come due. So, if we change our mind, we will let you know, but we have full liquidity to satisfy all demands that can be put upon us.
Gary Loveman: Thank you, Donald. As we head into the fall, I am very pleased with what we have on offer to customers on the east side of the Strip and throughout Las Vegas broadly. We have some of the most innovative and novel new entertainment options available to a wide range of guests and we are working more and more effectively to get our competitors’ guests to come down and see us at the center of the Strip. I am looking forward to a very successful further implementation of these assets and the other renovations and actions we have taken in Las Vegas as we get into the seasonally beneficial fall part of the calendar in Las Vegas. And as you may have read here and there we continue to take steps to delever CEOC and improve its operating performance. Over time, we expect the combination of these steps to enhance the company’s cash flows and increase shareholder value overall. During today’s Q&A session, as was the case last time we will not be able to disclose or provide any further information related to the capital structure or outstanding litigation. While we know this is disappointing to some of you this is the posture we need to take for the time being. We have provided as much detail as we are presently able to through our various releases and we will continue to release additional details as they become available. With that, operator we are now happy to take questions on the company’s operations.
Gary Loveman: I am afraid you fell right into the demilitarized zone there, that’s really in the terrain if I can’t comment on.
Gary Loveman: I will be happy to although it’s obviously a sad story. People have to remember that Atlantic City was more than a $5 billion market, not that long ago principally before Pennsylvania gaming opened up. And as Pennsylvania gaming in particular became available to the incumbent customer group, the drive-in business at Atlantic City has all but disappeared. That was both a large and very lucrative part of what was on offer in Atlantic City. And I think most of us who work there agree that, that business will never return. So we will be left with a dramatically smaller base of business which is a group that arrives, stays in the hotel for a couple of days and enjoys a broader range of experience. That is the very good business, but it can’t support 11 casinos that were necessary to support what used to be more than $5 billion revenue. So we are seeing exactly the kind of adjustment in supply. You would expect any other retail environment to experience, painful though it is. So, we have seen the Atlantic Club cease to operate as a casino. We have indicated that will be the case with Showboat. Now, Trump Plaza has said the same thing and you have read in today’s disclosures on the rental process that there are no qualified bidders, suggesting that even at a de minimis price people find it hard to imagine they can make money operating the Rebel. Again, as I say, as sad as this is for the affected individuals, our employees and others, this is a healthy response to a problem of dramatically excess supply. If you turn from Atlantic City to some of the other cases that you mentioned, the circumstances are much more favorable. We watch Marilyn Live have a terrific start at Arundel Mills. We believe Baltimore will similarly have a very strong start with the market that has not been nearly so well serviced as what you see in Atlantic City. Similarly up in Orange County, we have a terrific location, a beautiful site. I think there is a very high level of gaming that will be available to whoever is fortunate enough to get a license in Orange County. That will have relatively little effect on Atlantic City given that there are already more proximate operators in places like Bethlehem, Aqueduct, Yonkers, and on the southern end in Delaware and Maryland. So most of the pain that Atlantic City is going to feel most of it has already been felt, although there will be a little bit more to go.
Gary Loveman: Yes. And Sue I will add one other thing this maybe more detail than you care to hear. But we have one property, one of our older properties in that bucket that did more poorly than it has traditionally done in large part because we have the place ripped up for renovation. We were installing new carpets in the casino and modifying two of its critical restaurants. So it underperformed where we might have thought it would be – you wouldn’t have had any way really to know that. So it was a lot of odds and ends at CERP but I think you will see that performance improve.
Gary Loveman: Yes. I don’t think we can quote you a specific number, but you should think about thousand of visitors a day, that are riding the wheel and a substantially larger are visiting the LINQ. And then a meaningful percentage of those folks are making their way into the Quad or into Flamingo or into other properties on the East Side of the Strip. Our job of course is to monetize those visits and that’s the harder work, getting there people is relatively easy, getting more of them engaged in some of the things we have to offer in both places is the bigger challenge. The renovation of the Quad I think will help that quite a bit.
Gary Loveman: I would add we didn’t know when the wheel would be permitted. You can’t start marketing an attraction whose launch date is unknown to you. So, we were given the permit in a very favorable way by the county safety and inspection people and had to start marketing it immediately. So, the ramp up takes some time to get people to know that this thing exists, how long it takes to ride it, how much it costs, where it is that you can get a cocktail while you are on board and what you can do for special events and so on. So, in a very short period of time, we have this thing up to being probably, it’s a little hard to confirm this, but probably the most visited attraction in Las Vegas already. And I think we will see it goes substantially beyond that in the very near-term.
Gary Loveman: It wouldn’t concern me at either level. It wouldn’t concern the case that we are building for the casino in Orange County nor would we be, in my view, would we be kept out. I mean, we are a very large portion of Atlantic City. And I think the one thing you can count on is that whatever at some day, at some point were to be liberalized in the north, it would be done with an eye to addressing some of the challenges in the south. If you look at all these buildings wind up on the shore in Atlantic City and ask yourself what’s the appropriate future for this area and for these buildings, it has to be some sort of multi-dimensional shore side resort. I mean, they are not going to be casinos anymore, but you want to be something that’s desirable and you want the broad experience in the south to be appealing. It is really quite a remarkable place and it ought to continue to be. So my suspicion although I am certainly not an elected official in New Jersey, is that whatever is done in the north will to some degree be used to help circumstances in the south. And it could well be that the existing operators in the south are the principal participants in the north that the tax rat was set at a relatively high level, so that some of the proceeds from the north can be redistributed to support transition in the south.
Gary Loveman: You have to giggle a little bit when you ask that question. Caesars Palace has never been a capital light property. We have put a lot of money into Caesars Palace over a long period of time. I think it remains to be seen what the proper location is for Caesars Palace and we will see how that goes as we work our way through the de-leveraging of CEOC.
Gary Loveman: Okay, operator, thank you. Thanks to all the participants and attendees on today’s call. Appreciate you having with us.
