Eric Hession: Thanks Anthony. During the second quarter of 2023, we delivered another significant improvement in the performance of our digital segment versus last year. Our business reported $11 million of adjusted EBITDA and $216 million of net revenue versus a $69 million EBITDA loss last year. Results this quarter represent our first full quarter of EBITDA profitability since rebranding to Caesars Sportsbook in Q3 2021. During the quarter, sports betting hold improved 180 basis points versus last year, and iCasino volume increased 27% year-over-year. Our performance this quarter continues to demonstrate the effectiveness of our targeted promotional investment and overall lower level of marketing within our existing customer base as well as customers located in the new states. We have recently introduced four significant pieces of new and exciting technology improvements that we expect will be well received by our customers. First, our new iCasino product Caesars Palace online is now live in multiple states and pending regulatory approval in the others. The new iCasino product offers a significantly improved product and enhanced marketing capabilities, all combined with the compelling benefits of Caesars rewards. Secondly, we recently transitioned our Caesars app in Nevada to our flagship Liberty product, which delivers a significantly improved product for our customers. Pending regulatory approval, we anticipate converting our William Hill product and our retail sportsbooks to delivery platform at some point later this year. Third, we've started out rolling our net native iOS Sportsbook app and anticipate reaching 100% adoption in August. The new native app is receiving consistently higher performance feedback and will result in faster loading speeds, improve stability, and enhance development speed. And fourth, we're on track to introduce our in house player account management system starting state by state later this year, which will ultimately lead to a shared wallet that we anticipate rolling out in 2024. These four products have consumed significant amounts of technical resources over the past year, and we're very excited to introduce them to our customers. We now offer sports betting in 30 North American jurisdictions, 22 of which offer mobile wagering. We also operate iCasino products in six jurisdictions. I'll now pass the call to Bret for additional comments.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. Maybe I'll grab this one, Joe. So from a reinvestment perspective, and you can see this in the Q that was published simultaneously with the call today, our reinvestment levels as a percentage of volume were around 1%. And our reinvestment, as a percentage of gaming revenues was around 22% in total, that's on the lower end, I think from a percentage of volume is where you'll see it going forward. The reinvestment for existing customers tends to be below that. And then depending on how many new customers we sign up, that'll bring that number up slightly, just generally, because second quarter has fewer signups given no football and no startup sports. So that range on a percentage of volume, I think it will range between that 1% and 1.25% kind of going forward. So, from a reinvestment perspective, that's kind of how I would think about it. From a volume perspective, from the iCasino side, and just from a general business side, as Tom mentioned, that's an area where we really feel quite optimistic about, we're finally going to have a competitive product out in the market that we can use to work with our existing database, to have those customers that we know and that are loyal to the Caesars rewards program move over to the online casino side, it was difficult to have that discussion with the customers when they had to go through the sports betting app each time to get to the casino. And so they won't have that. In addition, some of the things Tom also touched on, we haven't been able to really do segmented marketing in any degree so far with the existing tech that we had. The new system that we have will allow us to create segmentation and it'll allow us to reinvest, like we do on the casino side and to use a lot of those experiences. So from that standpoint, when you look forward, we're very excited about the iCasino products and the ability to slowly grow some share, and ultimately drive the profitability of the business towards those targets that Tom laid out.
Eric Hession: Yes, it's a great question. I think we've made a lot of improvements over the last kind of year, year and a half with respect to just the trading team getting more experienced, but also on the tech side. So I think as we go forward, you will continue to see a higher percentage of customers not betting straight wagers. So whether that's an in play or player prop or same game parlay type wagers that generally have a higher hold percentage that's going to contribute to the increase. I suspect at this point, we're probably going to get to somewhere, say 7.5% to 8%. Which I think is reasonable expectation given where we see the mix of our business. We do have a lower hold percentage here in Las Vegas, and in Nevada, due to the size of the straight wagers that we take in the state. That will drag it down a bit. But overall, I think getting to that 7.5% to 8% is a reasonable expectation.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. I think if you go back to the prior discussions and calls, we've had about the reductions in some of the expenses that we're currently incurring, that we don't think we'll be burdened with going forward from either the marketing, the team deals, some of the other fixed expenses like that, you can see those rolling off over time. In terms of the balance of the expenses, I think those are going to, might increase a bit like labor and some of the others. But broadly speaking, the true variable expenses that we have, are really taxes, the reinvestment levels, and then super variable, things like credit card processing fees, and so forth, and then aggregate, those should be around 50%. So that once you break the breakeven level, like we have this past quarter, and going forward, you should see quite strong flow through on every incremental dollar that we get. And then for the next couple years anyway, it'll be reduced by the fall off of the fixed marketing expenses that we currently have in the cost structure.
Eric Hession: Yes, I think that's a good way to look at it, if you look at this quarter is over 100%. So, but that's because we're cutting more dramatically than I would anticipate going forward on that fixed side.
Eric Hession: Yes, sure. I'd say it's definitely going to be a major part of the business going forward. If you look at our current sports book app, which is sorry, the casino app, which is part of the sports book, we have a disproportionately high percentage of table games action versus slot party action. And that's a high percentage of the live dealer, just because of that larger denominator on the table games side, going forward, the standalone Caesars Palace app is going to have a higher percentage of slot business than table, but it's still going to have live dealer and of the overall table games, we do expect that live dealer product to be a sizable percentage. So going forward, it's absolutely a key component of the business. I would say previously, we haven't had as much exposure to that we haven't had branded games. We haven't had dedicated games; we haven't had a lot of the product that's out there. Just we haven't incorporated it into the app, which we will on the new Caesars Palace app. In terms of the question about doing it in house or through a third party, we're definitely going to want to have some branded customized games. But I don't see us bringing it in house at this point anywhere in the near future.
Eric Hession: Yes, you're absolutely right. It was an all-time record World Series of Poker both from a prize money perspective, participants perspective, but also from the ability to really provide contribution to the properties that hosted it. We moved it to the Horseshoe last year. So it's kind of the first year those branded as a Horseshoe, and it really drives a lot of activity to the property, a lot of food and beverage, a lot of hotel revenues. So it's really great for us from a portfolio perspective, in addition to the direct revenues that are drives to the, from the actual tournament itself. From an online perspective, we really don't see much movement in terms of new states legalizing, so it's kind of a business that is kind of flat at this point. It vacillates between going up and down based on how customers go. But from a brand perspective, we think it's definitely accretive to the company, and does provide these incentives for customers to come to the brick and mortar locations for the tournaments.
Tom Reeg: Yes, Joe, we feel good about third quarter. I'm looking forward occupancy over the next three months in the range of let's call it 96% to 98%, depending on the property. So feel very, very good about third quarter. One thing to keep in mind in Vegas is that I didn't touch on in my remarks is Rio. We anticipated it will leave the portfolio October 1 as you're looking to kind of second and third quarter results at the Rio that's a revenue producer, but a drag on EBITDA, it doesn't produce enough EBITDA to offset its lease payment in the second third quarter. So as that comes off, in the fourth quarter, that'll be accretive to EBITDA end margin.
Tom Reeg: Yes, so we're, key is we're getting toward the end of a capital circle, right, as New Orleans runs off. We don't have the, any of the chunky projects that we've had going, really, since the merger on our plane, there's some meaningful projects in particular markets, but you're not looking at the $300 million, $400 million or $500 million capital outlays. So from a balance sheet and cash flow perspective, you get to a point where you're going to be generating a lot of free cash flow and look at what do I do with it. We, as a team have delivered a lot of value over the last decade, to stakeholders through external opportunities. So, of course, we're going to look for, that for potential future opportunities now that we're in a position to tackle those but don't read that as a lack of confidence in the growth potential of the existing portfolio. As I said, last quarter, we're on a run rate of about a little over $4 billion of trailing EBITDA, we think there's $0.5 billion plus available to us in the digital business. And something similar to that in the brick and mortar business as we get returns, from the projects that have recently come online and are still to come online. And that should push us toward a $5 billion company. But as you look at where do what do I do with cash flow when paying down leverage might be generating, diminishing returns in terms of shareholder value, then you start to think of am I distributing that cash flow in some form or fashion, or am I putting it to work elsewhere? And we've got a great track record of putting it to work elsewhere. So we'll explore that as we move forward.
Tom Reeg: See, I think that's a reasonable expectation Carlo. And touching on the labor agreements, labor agreements expired by contract at the end of May. We're operating under -- everybody on the surface operating under extensions. As we speak, there is work being done in terms of a new contract, I think it's, you're talking about complex stuff that takes a little while. But I'd expect that we'll have new agreements by the fall. And I'm not expecting a whole lot of drama around.
Tom Reeg: Look, Dan, I'm not short on cash. So that's really not something I'm targeting. There are roofers on both Baltimore and Virginia. I wouldn't anticipate either being exercised.
Tom Reeg: You know who's out there. What's possible, you know that there are at our size, it's not as easy to find targets that, a, move the needle and b, are actionable from an antitrust perspective. But there's not zero targets available out there. And as we get to the free cash flow levels that we get to given what we have generated in the past in terms of returns, it shouldn't be surprising to anybody that we're going to look for opportunity to do that again.
Tom Reeg: Yes, but it has been very strong from a volume standpoint, our volumes at the high end, both domestic and international continued to build. We've put in quite a bit of effort. Caesars had a very strong international business when we arrived, unfortunately, those players weren't traveling, it's great to see that come back. In the interim, we've continued to build on the domestic business. So to give you anecdotal and anecdotal ideas, Steve, I get a hit sheet every day. And in 2021, if I looked at it on a Saturday or Sunday morning, there was -- there might be one player there, that was a significant swing in our results. Now, on a typical Saturday, Sunday, I've got 5 to 10 players that are at a minimum, several $100,000 line of credit. So you've got a much more balanced book, you've got a lot more volume. So it's really continued to build. Obviously, events in the second half or in the fourth quarter with F1. And the first quarter was Super Bowl are fantastic, high end events. And as I said, in my remarks, demand for both of them at the high end is extremely encouraging several months out.
Tom Reeg: You should expect us to be visible in terms of promoting the app but nothing anywhere close to what you saw when we launched the sports app. So I would describe this right now in iCasino as and for the last couple of years is invisible from a marketing standpoint will become visible in the next month or so. But that's in the all of the guideposts and markers that I've given, you should be expecting third quarter for the digital business, as I said before, is a coin flip as to which side of breakeven we're on but we should be close. Your fourth quarter should be a significantly positive quarter. And then we should be positive from then on.
Tom Reeg: So we are not, we obviously we have little -- we have Canada as a property we manage internationally. We're entirely domestic this point but we are economic animal. So, if there's something that would make sense outside the US, we're willing to get on a plane, but I would expect it would be domestic. And I'm not thinking about a big digital acquisition.
Tom Reeg: Yes, Brandt, we're not really seeing anything, I can speak to that material in terms of softness, at any level of property, the only property that as you're looking at the next quarter, I'd expect to be soft, is the Rio. And that because we're transitioning out of the property, and a lot of the rate of business has already come out of there. But that's obviously unique to that particular property. It feels really strong out here, we're out here. Today, volumes are, as they have been for a year and a half now continue to be very strong. As I told you, I'm looking at forward occupancies depending on properties 96% to 98%. So it's really hard to tell you anything that would give you a bearish stance on Vegas.
Tom Reeg: Yes, we're kind of -- we are disruption free really since right before 4th of July, we are finishing up the entrance to Caesars Palace. I was out there for the opening of THE HOOK and Superfrico. And it really pleased with the way the renovation work is turned out all that's left is the Nobu Hotel Tower at Caesars, which should be done by the end of the year. Yes, I would say in terms of expectations, Atlantic City, not as strong as I would have hoped it would be but it's fine. And yes, obviously it's within that regional business that was flat in 2Q and I'd expect to grow a little bit in 3Q.
Tom Reeg: No, it's all of the above, three years ago, we told you, we think we could generate better than 50% annual EBITDA return on the cumulative losses we generate in building the business, we got to about $1.1 billion of cumulative loss before we inflected to positive, which suggests $500 million, a little over $500 million of annual EBITDA at maturity, which I defined, as sometime in 2025. And when I laid those markers out last quarter, I got some skepticism back, and I would tell you, 90 days later, I'm even firmer in my conviction that we meet or exceed those numbers in that timeframe.
Tom Reeg: I feel fine. And I know those types of partnerships are useful from a loyalty branding perspective for the databases at the scale of the company that we've got, where there's nothing out there that we're missing that I expect would materially move the needle for us.
Tom Reeg: Yes, so you're remembering correctly, August, September, last year, in particular, we had some unhedged utility costs, primarily in Nevada that bid us were in a much, much better position over the next 60 days, the same 60 days is last year. So I'd expect those costs to be lower. In terms of weather, there's, I can certainly probably come up with weather that impacted us in various places during the quarter. Obviously, it's very hot everywhere recently, but there's nothing to point to as a reason for particular weakness or strength in our markets based on the weather recently.
Tom Reeg: Yes, so we've talked in the past about going from zero to 500, it's kind of a three legged stool with each leg similar in terms of impact. One is continued execution, in the OSB arena that we've discussed in terms of continuing to grow, continuing to drive EBITDA there. The second piece is our iCasino share moving toward our OSB market share. And then the third piece is the roll off of partnership and talent contracts over the next three years.
Tom Reeg: Yes, I would say of the three, just basic blocking and tackling is the largest, but it's not dramatically large. Yes, they are two.
Tom Reeg: Look, that's really a macroeconomic question. Obviously, if you had asked that question, five years ago, none of us saw what was coming from a virus standpoint, and the structural improvements in the business in response to that. So it's hard for me to say, yes, this just is what it is, as far as I can see, we always, so we do 52 quarterly reviews each quarter, or we're going through P&L of each individual business, with the leaders. And we are in properties that we have improved 2x and 3x in EBITDA, we still see opportunity to continue to grow as we move forward. So we don't view this as there's not growth available to us in the regional portfolio. And that, obviously, we've got projects, then that comes online. And I careful in lumping defense, there's varying levels of defense, right? If I'm in a market where my property is just hasn't been touched in a long time. And that's impacting my performance levels, I can certainly see a case where you put in some money to change that. And you may characterize as defensive I think that's growth from where they're, where you're starting from. Now, if you take a case of a property that let's use our Tunica property as an example, if a property opens, and an hour closer to the feeder market, there's very little I can do from an investment standpoint, that's going to change that outcome. These are convenience based properties to begin with. That was the realization that led us to changing subsidies all the way back in the MTR days. But I don't view it as a mistake if and I'm not referring to us. I see others that are investing in properties that have been around a long time but they're behind now based on what's brought market, you can choose to continue to erode and see what you can do cost wise or you can say, I'm going to put some money in this and change my fortunes and I can see people making different decisions say faced with similar circumstances.
Tom Reeg: Not in particular, I mean, from a jurisdictional standpoint, the most relevant to us in the near term is New York land base license issuance. And that's where deep into that and hopefully.
Tom Reeg: Thanks, everybody for your time, attention and support. And we will talk to you in November if we don't see at conference sooner.
