Mark Frissora: Thank you, Eric. If everyone can please turn to Slide 26, we are very pleased with our third quarter results. Though gaming volumes, particularly at regional properties have been under pressure as result of marketing program changes, these adjustments have driven improvements in gaming win and overall profitability. The investments we have made in enhancing our hospitality assets are clearly paying off. With improved pricing power of our hotels and better customer mix in hotel and food and beverage outlets. We also continue to realize benefits from our cost saving initiatives. Selectively this resulted in strong year-over-year EBITDA margin performance for the third consecutive quarter. As we closed out 2015 I believe we are well positioned to sustain this momentum. We are on track to achieve or exceed our previously stated goal of generating an incremental $250 million to $300 million of EBITDA from cost savings and EBITDA enhancing initiatives inclusive of CEOC. Further, CEOC is on page to meet or exceed its published EBITDA target of $1.024 billion this year. As far October, results demonstrated another strong months of performance driven by hospitality revenues with Las Vegas hotel revenues up double-digits. Turning now to Slide 27, as we move forward we are focused on enhancing revenue and driving productivity gains to further improve margins and cash flow while maintaining high levels in employees and customer satisfaction. In the most recent quarter, we have seen an improvement in customer satisfaction a very important measurement for us. This is in part due to our incentive platform that ties employee compensation to the overall customer experience. While the senior management team and I are in process of finalizing with the development of our strategic architecture for the business. We have identified a few cornerstone initiatives that will play pivotal role in achieving these objectives some of which by touched on in my opening remarks. These include one reinvesting and high return projects such as room renovations, two developing innovative entertainment environments to attract and retain younger customers, three expanding the total rewards database particularly active members, four inspiring a sales culture at every level within the company and finally focusing on are continuous improvement culture. As I discussed last quarter, these initiatives range from those require and minimal capital investment to more intensive projects and we will only allocate capital projects and activities we believe will create significant value for our stakeholders. I look forward to outlining our growth strategy for the company on future calls. In summary, we are very focused on a balanced agenda of growth and efficiency initiatives, amid the background of CEOC’s restructuring process and look forward to completing our process is quickly as possible. We believe our marketing and productivity improvements are sustainable as evidence by our market share performance. Additionally, as we gain further tractions in our productivity initiatives we will concurrently invest to improve our Las Vegas hotel product to drive year-over-year games in ADR. With that, we will be happy to take your questions. At this time, we ask to keep your question focused on the performance of the business itself. Operator.
Mark Frissora: Again, we look at the combination of factors, but is kind of equally balance between the marketing spending efficiency that were getting coupled with the labor productivity at the property levels. So those two things kind of property represent 80% of that we also that some year-over-year improvements in margin due to some of the properties in CERP performing better because it had time to perform if you will. So that’s been an additional point. Eric anything to add to that.
Mark Frissora: In fact, if I can just add that when we look at the last years of capital projects and to a detailed review which ones have had the highest returns for us and represent the low risk it is a renovation of our hotel room and Vegas its applicably high payout and we get ROI eyes of 35%, 40% on average which are very high returns as you might imagine and it’s because that in Vegas you can hold would say higher price typically and we can under index versus our competition for the last four, five years and we are still under index. If we look at our product you compare to theirs, our pricing isn’t where it needs to be, given that we actually have comparable facilities but the room products not quite up to snuff. So we think that’s big upside forces we move forward.
Mark Frissora: Yes, broadly speaking David I would say that it has been more focused on the cost side both balance between our marketing initiatives and our operational initiative. There have been upsides on the CEOC side in terms of the hotel performance in number of markets. But CEOC is also through its ownership of Caesars Palace have been impacted by the decline in the VVIP business. Going forward, we don’t provide guidance but as we are working our way through the planning process for next year. We are assuming relatively modest revenue growth and we are continuing to focus on the cost side to ensure that we are able to achieve our plans, if we are fortunate enough to have the economy in such a state that there is tailwind in excess of what we are planning for, then we will be able to really see exceptionally strong flow through because we will make sure that our cost structure, which is entirely controllable is very tight.
Mark Frissora: We kind of announced if you look at some of those slides, what projects we be doing next year, specifically in Vegas, so there are quite a few projects, we mentioned that why should in the progress flow for next year. And I don’t know if Eric, if you want to mention any another but goes for kind of the bigger ones, bigger - any big increase at all in capital spending. There is no plan at all to change if you will the way we spend capital; we are focused on spending at the narratives that we think have the highest returns. Eric.
David Farber: Very good, I have three questions. First on CERP, I just wanted to talk again about the margins they were up I don’t know some four or five season of basis points since 2013, 2014 obviously. Just curious what do you think the biggest contributors are to the margin improvement on the OpEx line? How do you see that going forward and then I had a couple of follow-ups? Thanks.
David Farber: Very good. You touched upon some of the targeted room product investments in Las Vegas and maybe just tacking on to what you just mentioned Eric, given some of your reason project that have been finished. Can you may be just walk us through how you are thinking about maybe return on investment or any expectations you have or just color around how some of the returns have been met with respect to link or any other properties you’ve done in the hotel side of Las Vegas and then I had just two more? Thanks.
David Farber: That’s helpful. Just CEOC for a moment you briefly touched up you are phase or potentially exceeding what was budgeted I guess couple of quarters ago at this point. What’s driving our performance there is at the top line is at the cost side and then may be just very broadly talk about your expectations for those regional businesses in 2016. I know you don’t give guidance but just broad expectations and then I just had one big picture questions and that’s it. Thanks.
David Farber: Very good. Just real quick I mean since we spoke last obviously a competitor has announced a REIT and we have maybe another one with GLPI. I guess I am just curious big picture any thoughts around does the value creation change as there’s more REIT’s in the gaming land space at all any thoughts there? And then that’s it from me. Thanks.
Eric Hession: The only thing I’d add Mark is that David as you know those CERP properties are very large properties with substantial hotels generally speaking and benefited from the increase in ADR and the associated flow through. As you know with the demand particularly coming into Las Vegas for the FIT and Group segment that’s enabled properties of large hotels to be able to increase their ADRs and that’s have great flow through. And then to respond your second comment we absolutely believe these margins are sustainable going forward and we will be driving to grow that through the initiatives that Mark mentioned focusing on the continual improvement environment.
Eric Hession: Sure, David. So we as you know during the recession we had pull back on our room renovation projects and then recently ramp those up in 2013 and into 2014, completing a few hotel towers particularly the valley south tower and most notably the link and its entirety and what we’re realizing is that the customers that are coming to Las Vegas are absolutely willing to spend additional dollars per hotel night just stay in a renovated room and they will pay an incremental amount that provides a very solid return to us. So without getting into return specific numbers you can understand from our perspective that incremental ADR per room night over a period of time since we sold the room nights running in the mid-90s of occupancy generate substantial return. And from a risk perspective renovating a hotel room given that we do them continuously as relatively low.
Eric Hession: Yes, I just say we have a couple of large projects rolling off. As you are aware the Atlantic City convention center and then the linked projects had considerable CapEx spend this year. As Mark mentioned, reallocating a fair portion of that to room rent innovation projects we believe is the next step forward. We mentioned some plans to renovate substantial room at Paris and Hollywood, the Harrah's Hotel Tower that will be starting later this year, but rolling into next year and then the Roman Tower here at Caesars will come fully online next year. From a CapEx standpoint for CERP we continue to project in that $130 million to $200 million range and that should be consistent with the prior guidance that we have provided.
Eric Hession: Yes, for those not as familiar I think you are talking about the reset of the allocation percentages, is that correct.
Eric Hession: Yes, we had discussions and we did reset the percentages earlier this year between the three subsidiaries.
