Tom Reeg: No, it's really a matter of as we discussed, we wanted to be marketing off an EBITDA number that we're generating from the property, not trying to bridge to some number that we've not done before.  Now we've got a track record that we can point to in terms of what the property can generate, and the deck has -- the playing field has been cleared with the Cosmo and Aria trades to where we should have a pretty robust -- we should encounter pretty robust demands for a center strip asset that, frankly, may be one of the last ones to trade for quite some time.
Tom Reeg: I do, but frankly, I'd like to see OpEx come up some as we fill our, particularly, guestroom attendant positions so that we can unlock the caps on the midweek, and I'd expect that to happen at some point in '22.
Tom Reeg: No. I mean, we were pretty stable throughout the quarter, Joe, and into October. We're still around in 40% consolidated EBITDA margins.
Tom Reeg: That was built into the guidance I -- the framework I gave for build of the entire business. As you know, to the extent those are -- the bulk of those, they're third-party games. They're participation from a revenue standpoint, so that was all built in. It's just a question of timing of getting them through the approvals in the various states.
Tom Reeg: No, I'd say it's the opposite of what you described, Steve. It's -- post launch, the bulk of our spending now is success-based. It's tied to customer acquisition. So if we do worse than we're expecting from a share perspective, I'd expect that the ultimate investment will be less. If we do better than we expected from a share perspective, I'd expect the ultimate investment to be more, but, obviously, the return will fall in both directions.
Tom Reeg: Well, with the caveat that as a public Company, every asset is for sale every day, there is some confusion. There were two  in the VT agreements at the clubs. We have never said we expect to sell a second property, nor do we expect to, at this point.  We'd expect to sell a single property and be done, but we'll assess where we are in the market, what our Balance Sheet looks like afterward, and how we feel about our future prospects. But I think it will be limited to one asset. And also just to go back to when I talk about deploying Capital in '22, I think it's going to be well in excess of $5 billion, not $5 billion on the nose.
Tom Reeg: Yeah. So the -- in terms of handle as you would expect, the quarter built August was considerably bigger than July and September doors to August. Because of the calendar, October is considerably more than September. In terms of the states, I've talked about, the Liberty states.  We went from, in the 6s to about 12, in terms of, handle market share as we are measuring it in total, we're about 17%. Nevada share was flat over that time frame. We obviously have very large share in Nevada, but didn't have any significant move in share. Keep in mind, Nevada is not a Liberty state yet either.
Tom Reeg: It's hard to parse all of that from a commercial standpoint, they measure unaided brand awareness, and that's through the roof since we started the commercials, basically, ask a question of list sports -- well, list a Company that you know offer sports books. The amount of people -- percentage of people that would name Caesars today is dramatically higher than it was on August 1st. The individual promotions we're constantly tweaking those.  I don't really want to, for competitive getting reasons -- get into what's worked the best and what hasn't worked. But you should expect to see that continue. We've rolled out single-game parlay, which in NFL action has been growing substantially as a percentage of our debts. And that's very high whole business. So that's good to see.
Tom Reeg: Obviously, that's going to influence your reinvestment rate. You're looking for ultimately, what's my return on Capital. But you can enlarge your population states high velocity, high participation. You can conceivably make money at higher tax rates than in lower volume states. But obviously, we prefer the lower tax jurisdictions as an operator.
Tom Reeg: As you deposit in our app, you're signing up for Caesars Rewards in the vast majority of cases, if you're not already a customer. So we're bringing new customers into the system. Our expectation is -- our history has been that customer becomes sticky to the brand over time as they realize the benefits of what the rewards program brings them.  So we're looking at it from the standpoint of we think if you're thinking of lifetime value of a customer, We think our lifetime value of a customer is going to compare favorably with our peers, both because of the profile of the average Caesars reward customer that is starting to dominate our handle.  And the length of time that they are going to stick with the app because the relationship with the rewards program. But we do know that we're going to lose some of these guys, whether it's shopping from site to site for what's the best promo I can get tonight.
Tom Reeg: We're looking at handle share for the time being. And if you want, Michigan went from 3 to over 6. Tennessee went from 2 to almost 8. Virginia went from 6 to 10. So you're seeing it in the states where we jumped in late, that we're gaining share, materially, early on and expect that to -- we'd expect to continue to claw share over time.  So there's really no state I can point to where I'd say we haven't seen the experience since launch that we're building share from where we were. It's just in the case of the states we talked about where we were late, we're starting from a low base, and the claw is going to take more time.
Tom Reeg: You should expect through this football season, we're going to continue to be aggressive. We just filmed another round what we're calling season 2 of ads that will start rolling out this month. So you're going to -- we're going to be all over the place in terms of media. Where we have kept our powder dry is the advertise -- that media that was targeted toward iCasino until we get the product up to the standard that we want.
Tom Reeg: As I said, the answer to the first question is no, I'm not going to put raw data on those numbers, but figure Caesars Rewards, first-time depositors or been a quarter to a third of our first time deposits. But as far as handle, I've been about half. Those are broadly where we're at.  And as I said, as you sign up for the app and deposit, you're prompted to sign up for Caesars Rewards. And we're seeing an extremely high uptake in terms of people signing up for Caesars Rewards, and we're seeing cross visitation.  One of the areas where we're particularly active is the high end of the market, large batters that are new to our system, where we're willing to take large sports bats, and we're seeing those customers make their way into our -- their high -- our high limit rooms as well. So that's been an encouraging sign and we've seen that all the way down to the low levels of the database as well.
Tom Reeg: We are never stopping work on the nuts and bolts behind both OSB and iGaming. But the iGaming piece that we're waiting on is virtually entirely content at this point. And it's just a matter of getting through the bureaucracy in each state, in terms of getting the games approved on our apps. And this iOS a function of -- this is not states dragging their feet.  William Hill, in its former life as a U.K. domiciled and managed Company, didn't provide the resources to the U.S. business to develop both the OSB platform and the iGaming platform to their fullest extent. And so what we're doing is providing the resources and ability to let iGaming catch up with OSB.
Tom Reeg: Yeah. We are -- iGaming is and has been a material profit generator in New Jersey for us, and we would expect Michigan, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, as we roll out, to follow that same path.
Tom Reeg: The only piece is the PAM that's provided by NeoGames but that's a unique arrangement given our ownership interest in NeoGames, where we have a dedicated team that works on only the Caesars ' PAM at NeoGames.
Tom Reeg: We're watching as you are, as they go through the mechanics of how it will roll out. We anticipate that we will be among the better positioned operators in Ontario given our long management contract history with Caesars Windsor. So we have a large amount of Ontario customers available to us and known to us through Caesars Rewards.
Tom Reeg: I'd say the story has remained the same that spend per visit continues to be elevated. And I'd expect that to remain the case as long as the U.S. savings rate is about 2x what it's been historically.  We do expect -- if and when you get a full retreat of COVID on the retail side, we do expect that there are significant portions of the database, significant portion of the population that will then be willing to come to the casinos that are not coming today. We also expect that as business travel returns, we'd expect there to be a similar experience of pent up demand for business travel once we've got this behind us.
Tom Reeg: Actually, we've got a lot of experience there in New Jersey that's going to be relevant to us in other states. If you think about the states we are going to be rolling out in and we don't have a property in Michigan. We have a single property that's not large in Pennsylvania. We don't have a property in West Virginia, so we don't expect that to be a material factor for us in those days.
