Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks of McCormick, Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we have posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. We’ll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, President and CEO; and Mike Smith Executive Vice President and CFO, and then open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] We also have Kasey Jenkins on the call, he will move into the role of Vice President Investor Relations, effective January 1st, in advance of my retirement later this year. During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations of these measures to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release and slides. As a reminder, today’s presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It’s now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.
Joyce Brooks: Ken, I’ll go back and comment. You are right, the slides and our comments today in prepared remarks do say high single-digit, the price we sustaned at single-digit and it’s high single digit that we are guiding to for the brand marketing increase.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks Lawrence and thanks to everyone for joining today’s call. If you have further questions regarding the information today, you can reach us at 410-771-7244. That concludes this mornings conference.
Lawrence Kurzius: Andrew this is Lawrence Kurzius. Good morning and the pricing impact in the first quarter is because that price increase that we have taken to reflect inflation on some specific raw materials is only in effect for our portion of the first quarter. That price increase has been put in place and is ineffect now, but here we are in the middle of the quarter right now. So we only get a partial price impact for that first quarter. We do expect some volume elasticity, we have modeled that in, but the real difference on the impact of the pricing is the effective date of the price increase, which is January.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. We have through the scanner and everyone has remarked on this. The scanner sales show a widening gap especially in the fourth quarter where the category grew at about 5% rate and McCormick brands through scanner channels grew at about 2%. So that nets to about 100 basis point decline in market share during that time period for spices and seasonings of business. As I commented in our remarks, we actually had very strong sales in unmeasured channels during that same time, so we believe that the scanner sales understate our performance, we had strong sales in certain club and Hispanic targeted customers and in e-commerce. And so we believe that the measured scan data for the period understated our performance. I’ll also comment as we said in our third quarter call that we were putting Vanilla the allocation for the holiday season. So during the holiday season, which is also the peak baken season and peak demand period for Vanilla, in advance of the price increase that we were taking on Vanilla, we had that product on allocation. So actually we feel that our underlying business strength is even stronger than not only about showing piece of scan sales but also in our reported sales. Mike, do you want to comment on that further.
Lawrence Kurzius: I have been hesitant to fin a tale on a specific quarter for share gains, because it has been a long road, but we continue to work toward a situation where we are not only matching the category growth, but where we are exceeding it and are gaining share and certainly that is our goal to get there over the course of 2017.
Lawrence Kurzius: As for the unmeasured channels, the gains that we had in unmeasured channels really reflect real distribution gains that we have achieved. So we expect them to be sustainable overtime.
Lawrence Kurzius: It is high single-digit you may be thinking of first quarter, where we are guiding to to double-digit.
Lawrence Kurzius: I’ll also add, we have confidence in the underlying momentum of our business in the Americas where we are coming off a pretty strong year and see a good forward visibility on momentum into 2017.
Lawrence Kurzius: We are definitely seeing a lift, I don’t think we are ready to quantify those specifically just yet, but we absolutely know that consumers, particularly millennial consumers are interested in more transparency around the labeling of their products and understanding what is in the food that they eat. So things like non-GMO labeling, organic labeling, just making the package transparent, so they can see what is inside all quality to millennial consumers. We have gained household penetration among millennial, which has been an important goal of our that the product changes are part of that so the changes in our advertising campaign. And the increase that we have made in digital marketing. But I don’t think we are ready to comment specifically on the lift from non-GMO label in particular. On the change in the gourmet products to organic in the retailers where we have made the full transition, we are definitely seeing an increase in offtake and velocity though.
Lawrence Kurzius: Coming off of the year, last year constant currency sales growthwas 5.5% so that’s at the high end of 4% to 6% that gives us more bullishness going into 2017 also.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well I think there is a series of activities and programs that we have in place that are driving our business and that we expect to generate market share gains. Part of it is renovation of our core business, part of it is innovative new products that again 9% is the middle of our target range globally for new products. We aim to have 8% to 10% of our sales from new products introduced in the last three years. We would expect that rate to continue. We continued to increase our investment in marketing expenditures A&P delivered against the consumer, we continue to shift that to the most effective channels. We said in our remarks that digital is now up to 46% actually in the U.S. its over 60% and so we are trying to drive our business with the consumer and particular with the younger consumer entering into the market, the millennial consumer. I think we got a great tailwind from the millennial generation also where we index well, we are very confident that we are going to get there.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Rob, good morning by the way. That’s really a great question, a great point. That the moves that these customers have made toward private label have tended to devalue the category in their source. Although we didn’t comment on it, we did see a couple of retailers put heavier promotional emphasis on some private label products during the holiday season, which also devalued the category for them. And we are able to go back to those customers and show them particularly with the tools that we have and with the kind of dialogue we have with customers today. Precisely what the missed opportunity was for them and generally that they have missed, that they have lost category profit and in particularly these customers category share versus their peers who did not make these moves. I think that the situation in the U.S. is a bit different than the situation in the UK though, the big customer in the U.S. to transfer this brand to a private label is part of our broader effort on organic that went well beyond our product category. And so it really wasn’t specific to the herb and spice category or targeted against us specifically. It was a part of a broader multi-category initiative and I think is really more directed at making them competitive versus the natural food channel rather than trying to do anything specific in the spices category. In Europe, that the big customer in the UK, this is part of a deflationary environment in the UK, that particular customer again has a particularly strategy, that goes well beyond spices and herbs, but that did impact us and that was a drag on our performance in the EMEA. Broadly in EMEA we are still seeing good growth and good gains in other markets, but UK is a difficult spot right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: They are trying to put their own private label brand on more organic items in the store, that correct. Well I don’t want to say the customer you probably know who it is.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, when you talk about further consolidation, I assume you are talking about the purchase of the ACH brand by B&G. ACH was already, they were a pretty good market of their brands, they are webber brand in particular is a well advertised, well supported business. So, I’m not sure that we see any particular new threat, its hard to know what B&G would do with those brands but typically they have got kind of under loved, under marketed businesses and we would not characterize this as one of those. [indiscernible] brand that they also own, is one of the gourmet brands that’s not organic that on the shelf right now and say that they probably lost in distribution as we gained places on the shelf. We do have an acceleration of our brand spend and the marketing spend in the first quarter of the year, also cautious to you that that’s the kind of our smallest quarter of the year. So, a big percentage is not as many dollars as say the smaller percentage in the fourth quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: And obviously we are quite excited about these new products where we wouldn’t spoken about them. In the U.S. kind of coming from Zatarain’s originally myself I love the new Zatarain’s items that extend that brand and a very attractive margin. Our Vahiné expansion in EMEA is also expanding a great brand and again that margins on our Vahiné business are comparable to our spices and herbs. And the wet sauces in China that are being loss take advantage of the squeeze pouch format that we developed for our ketchup and Thai chili sauce product in that market. I’m really quite excited about the theme over there, quite excited about the rate of innovation in China is pretty low, a lot of the business has been built by continuing to build distribution and household penetration on existing items and relatively low rate of new product. So this is a big introduction for them leveraging a very efficiently manufacturing facility and package format that we can scale. So those would be quite attractive margin items for that business, a little bit below our global average, but still quite a good contributor for that region.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, I would say for retail, I think you are talking about the UK business rather than that - and so in the UK private label has always been a bigger factors, its probably the highest market share private label market we operate in and so this is kind of a steepening of that trend. This move is by one particular retailer, other retailers in that same market of course, each of them sees what the other does. So that particular market is a challenging market for us, but again that’s just one country out of the whole continent. We have very good trends in our other markets in that region [indiscernible] Eastern Europe.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on today’s call. We are driving growth at McCormick, our experienced leaders and engaged employees are executing on a strategy designed to build long-term value for our shareholders and we look forward to continuing to report to you on our progress.
Michael Smith: Yes, I think the other thing to remember and we talked about this a lot in the third quarter call the transition to the new Gourmet organic items was a negative impact in the third. We had it reset for the holiday period but there was a small impact in the beginning of the quarter. So a couple of factors worked against it, but it should provide some tailwind next year also.
Michael Smith: Yes, hey David good morning, this is Mike. Regarding the prices increases related to the mid-single digit cost increases, you are right, there is about 3% price increase, pricing impact on sales we built in about 0% to 2% on volume mix. What we saw last year and we have these new category management tools, we put in a pricing last year little lower, but we were able to really from an elasticity perspective didn’t really see volume degradation. So we are pretty confident this time while there are some pretty significant increases on the Vanilla and Garlic and that’s the difference I think if you look back in history with our mid-single digit price increases a couple of years ago, that was spread across the line. This is really specific against two of the sub-categories. So there will be some impact in there v think in downsizing by consumers and things like that, but across the whole line we don’t see a price increase. So we shouldn’t see price elasticity, volume elasticity there. So we feel confident with these tools we have and the fact that is focused that’s a positive for us in 2017.
Michael Smith: Alexia I’m not sure I got all of your question in the last part of it. But the transition on gourmet was much more difficult than we anticipated due to the retailers wanting to flush through the old UPC codes versus before they pick on the new ones. I think if we were doing this over again, we would have worked harder to maintain the same codes on the product because it just made for a complicated execution. The scan data continues to show a decline on our gourmet business through the fourth quarter. Nielsen is showing a much more radical decline than our custom IRI database is showing and the Nielsen database is also showing a decline thats out of line with our shipment experience and we believe that there may be a data issue there but they are not picking up all of the new codes as we make the transition. And so that we think that the Nielsen data in particular is overstating the softness in gourmet. In gourmet, we picked up real distribution, we gained distribution and shares of shelf, substantial share of shelf in four out of our top 10 customers. We know that the consumers are buying the new organic gourmet items at a higher rate then that the free gift items in the places where transition was completed and where we are able to measure it. And we are confident that this going to be a real win for us as we go through the year in 2017, particularly as we lap the periods in the second half of the year where we were in transition.
Michael Smith: You took everyone of my talking points. Yes, just to reiterate, I mean it is very speculative now, we are [indiscernible] we do manufacture in the U.S. or one of the good guys from that perspective. So we would any hope any policy change would take that in consideration.
Michael Smith: Slightly lower because of the pricing impact as we talked about but we are still seeing very healthy growth both in the consumer and the industrial side.
Michael Smith: Hey this is Mike. From a segment perspective, its relatively balanced both of our segments are implementing pricing. Industrial is a little ahead of consumer from that perspective, but they are generally balanced throughout the year. we are really focusing heavily on, acquisitions as you know is a big component, a third of our growth algorithm but also innovation and we talked about it in the call where we moved from 8% to 9% our new products development in the last three years. So we have it inline with our long-term growth algorithm, a lot of great new products that will help drive that growth in 2017.
Michael Smith: Well i’ll say our long-term guidance is for 4% to 6% top-line growth. our guidance for this year and constant currency is higher than that. I don’t think we are making a change in our long-term guidance at this point, but we are definitely calling out that we expect a strong top-line growth this year.
Michael Smith: Yes, Akshay its Mike, you have to be a little careful, because you know the category as we talk about it and that share is really our spices and seasons business, it is like half of our business in the U.S. So it’s a much broader business with things like dry seasoning mixes, Zatarain’s, Tai Kitchen and industrial so. You are trying to park it down to a very kind - that’s a big part of business, but it’s not more than half of our business.
Michael Smith: We continue to work towards again not just matching the market but exceeding the market growth rate. I’m reluctant to be pinned down on a specific quarter, but this is a goal that we are working towards and that we expect to get to in 2017.
Michael Smith: We don’t get into a data by channel that discretely is definitely less than 10% of our sales, we talk about e-commerce sales for the food category less than 2%. So you can pluck for numbers and make it work that way. From a Giotti perspective, we bought that business in mid December, as most of our acquisitions during that first year we really don’t look, because we have to make investments and things like SAP and integration cost. We don’t look at that as being accretive to EPS and frankly it’s a little bit of drag in the first quarter as we integrate it, but look forward to be relatively neutral in 2017.
Michael Smith: Just really quick on the A&P spend, we have mentioned the puree campaign which has been really successful in North America so we are spending there in the first quarter, but we have expanded that to Europe. So in the first quarter, some of that increase is also related to the UK in some of those markets too.
Michael Smith: And generally across our branded categories, gross profit, operating profits generally within the same range, so whether it’s a dry seasoning mix, spice and herb, the vanilla. So there is really no kick from that perspective from these new products. And we have really made a the last couple of years of making sure new products don’t degrade margins. Really focusing on [indiscernible] upfront, making sure they hit the right price points right away and then supporting them with A&P.
Michael Smith: If you talk about the price increase, the fact that we will get about half a quarter impact would put some negative pressure on the first quarter comparing the of the year.
Michael Smith: Yes, the underlying tax rates that we see generally depends on where you make the money in the U.S. or overall, but generally 29% or 30% and then we talked about this new accounting standard, we are adopting this year which is a slight favorable which gets us down into the 28% range. A lot of times your discrete tax items don’t have - they will be very variable during the year, in the first quarter right now we don’t see a lot of those, you could - I would suggest 29% to 30% is probably the right tax rate for the first quarter. But a lot factors go into that tax rate and with this new accounting standard, you are probably going to see some variability across the industry as far as tax is. It will make it a little more difficult to forecast quite frankly.
