Mike Smith: Yes. Rob, as you know, we are performing according to our plans and we really don't give quarterly guidance. So we feel it was a great quarter, as you said. The thing is, you have got to realize that some of this is timing and we talked about A&P. We have under-spent net sales growth year-to-date, but we have always planned for the year, the second half was going to be back-loaded from an A&P perspective. We are launching our first choice advertising late in the third quarter in Europe for our brand relaunch there of our Ducros and Schwartz. We have our French's and Frank's plans and strong grilling across the summer. So the comment about volatility was more around FX. You’re seeing some of the FX rates jumping around the last month or so. That's it. And our FX has been very favorable year-to-date, about 3.5%. We see that going down for the year about 2%.
Mike Smith: Yes. Rob, even if you win and as Lawrence said, there are windows you have to reset things, the competitor product is on-shelf that has to sell through. It's still in their supply chain. So that is a natural delay.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think the thing, just to follow up on your point on China, China flavor solutions actually grew, as we said. But in the rest of the zone, we were exiting some low-margin business as part of our focus on profit realization, but the China underlying flavor solutions business did grow. From a gross margin perspective, you asked a question about the share of the gross margin expansion due to RB Foods versus the core business. I would say approximately on a year-to-date basis, approximately half is from RB and half is focused coming from our core business, with really that focus on CCI and moving more toward value-added products.
Mike Smith: Good morning Chris. I will take this. This is Mike. From a gross margin perspective and pricing, yes, the pricing that's going through the first half of this year is really related to pricing actions we took in 2017. And we have talked about this in the script late in the second quarter. We have seen some of the pricing will start coming through late in the second quarter and third and fourth quarter will be fully effective. So you will see in the third and fourth quarter, a little bit more from a pricing perspective. But as we said from the beginning of the year, commodity, cost inflation is low single digits and we are passing that on low single-digit price increases. From a margin perspective, as I just mentioned about half of the gross margin improvement is from the core business, half from the RB accretion. We talked about CCI. We put in the $400 million target back in 2016 and we are delivering that. We are delivering this year. And that's why we called the full year to up that at least $105 million, really great performance there across the company. And this continued move to reshape our portfolio really a lot on the flavor solutions side with moving more to the flavor and seasonings and you saw a lift this quarter in the Americas zone, for example, savory flavor's up, seasoning's up. So those are the types of things that really help our core business grow gross margin.
Mike Smith: No. It's build into our guidance for the year. So we don't quantify that, but it is helping our gross margin improvement.
Mike Smith: We don't really break that out, Chris. But it's not material, but it's within our guidance for the year from a sales perspective.
Mike Smith: That's all right. No and you hit on a couple of points that I mentioned. But one thing, gross margins are up and part of that was due to our CCI efforts calling that up by $5 million. But on the SG&A line, where we classify freight unlike a lot of our peers, freight is up versus last year. So we didn't get leverage on our SG&A as we have done in the past due to that freight increases and we will see that continue into the third and fourth quarter. The other thing we mentioned, we are continuing to reinvest in our business and the A&P increase in the second half will be above the rate of sales. So that all plays into our full year guidance. Everything is baked into our range of $485 million to $495 million. And the FX, as you pointed out and I think, on a note, we were very favorable year-to-date and then the rest of the year, it will be somewhat neutral, but that's also impacting the second half growth rate.
Mike Smith: Yes. Other thing, Rob, the promotional activity, we might have been referring to in the script, really we talked about flavor solutions, the customers have different promotion schedules, so that impacts the timing of sales.
Mike Smith: Sure. Adam, this is Mike. Similar to the question that Alexia asked, for the whole company and for the segments, roughly about half of the accretion on gross margins is coming from the base business and half is coming from the RB Foods accretion. So it works out that way. Go ahead.
Mike Smith: It's really both. I mean, CCI really falls across both segments, but it impacts flavor solutions heavily. But the conscious decisions we are making on the ingredient business also really focusing on flavors and seasonings and branded foodservice, which has also performed very well, both on the core business and then the Frank's and French's business too. So they are all leverage we are pulling to help us.
Mike Smith: The other thing we bring to it and Lawrence mentioned this, but in the third quarter, we have anew French's advertising campaign. That would be the first time in several years. So that will help further drive growth.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Rob, this is Lawrence. Well, first of all, I would say we are getting it done. So the change in the distribution that we talked about in our prepared remarks really reflects a lot of real execution that's already happened at retail, especially on Frank's, where we have substantially improved the distribution or the total points of distribution on the Frank's brand and we have made some good progress on mustard really just by stabilizing it, a story that's pretty positive. We inherited some distribution losses there, and the longer-term trend on distribution had been negative as well. So bringing stability to that is a good step in the right direction. Retailers, resetting a shelf operationally is a big deal for them. You do, do it customer-by-customer, but it's a disruption to their stores. And so they tend to have specific windows in which they will do the resets. And so even some of the changes that we have sold to customers and they have accepted haven't unfolded just yet because we are not at the window when they are going to reset that aisle or that section of the store.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, exactly. But we have made a lot of progress in this area. I mean I am really pleased with it and there's a lot of runway for continued improvement there. We are really in the early innings of the improvement in distribution on French's and Frank's. They were tremendously under-skewed and under-shelved and the progress that we have made while it is meaningful and we are going to see it in the numbers in the second half, there's a lot more to be had there.
Lawrence Kurzius: But there were a few of them or I don't think you have written a note on this, but some of your peers have written notes about noticing some of our competitors disappearing at certain accounts.
Lawrence Kurzius: So Ken, Kroeger certainly is doing that. I would say that that actually isn't anything new and it's something that we see is pretty widespread practice to put spices and seasonings into secondary locations. It's not abandonment of central sections for spices and seasonings, but putting spices and seasonings into the meat area, taco and so forth with the Hispanic product, some presence in the produce area, these are things that not only does Kroeger do but other accounts do and is actual performance that we sell to retailers to accelerate sales and in fact, we have got specific brands that are designed to live in those other parts of the store over in the produce section, we have Gourmet Garden brand and our Produce Partners brand. For example, Adolph's very often appears over in the meat section. So this kind of secondary placement is not unusual and really part of the health of the category.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, Ken, let me take this in two parts. First of all, there's a syndicated Nielsen report that is widely drawn upon that's kind of a standardized product that they sell to the industry and we have had a disconnect versus that for a long time. It does not accurately track us. And where it does track, we believe, it's tracking the channels that are losing share, not where we are losing share, but that are actually losing share to other channels. And so we think it understates consumption overall, not just for us but for everybody. That's my opinion. I don't have a quantification on that. But what we call unmeasured channels have been outpacing the growth than measured channels for a long time. The second part of that, regarding the distribution point loss on some of the specific items. Yes, there's a statistical artifact in that, when you change your package, the old package shows up in the data and the new package, as if they were two separate items. So in OLD BAY, in particular, which is one of the ones that you mentioned, a year ago, we were converting from the metal tins to BPA-free plastic containers that they are in today. And while that transition was taking place, the syndicated data is reporting those items as if they were two separate things. So a three-ounce OLD BAY package was showing up really kind of as a double count and that has come out of there right now. So noise like that around packaging transitions makes a difference. And it sounds like, that wouldn't be very much on OLD BAY, in particular, that's actually quite a big difference and we haven't lost anything in OLD BAY. It's a great-performing product. And others like Zatarain's, rice mix is a category that is a little bit off trend right now due to carb consumption and TDPs for that entire category have declined and Zatarain's has lost some distribution along with that as consumers have gone more towards protein-based foods and away from carbohydrate-based foods. We will say that Zatarain's has an advantage and that it's more of a dinner mix than a side dish and so people add meat to it when they consume it but there has been some distribution loss on Zatarain's. But if you step back, the changes in distribution that are coming through in the syndicated data around OLD BAY and also on some of the spice items in, what we call the super deal size, reflect packaging changes. And there were also some limited-edition Grill Mate items that were out there a year ago and they have come out. So thus for those, we have actually gained distribution. So if you take that noise out, our points of distribution are actually up, not down.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. And I will just add to that, that our year is progressing as we have planned. We did just increase guidance last quarter and we still have our two biggest quarters ahead of us. And so I think we are comfortable with where everybody's models for the year are settled.
Lawrence Kurzius: Rob, Lawrence here. I don't think that that wasn't what we were trying to message at all. I think what we are messaging is that first of all, the second half of the year seasonally is the strongest part of the year and so our promotional activity is higher overall and that our plans for the year always included an acceleration of marketing activity. As we got into the second half the year, I would say that is particularly true. On the Frank's and French's business, where a year ago we just acquired the business and really hadn't had a chance to impact the consumer marketing program during that high season. So that's all that we are trying to signal there. I think that on pricing, the message is that we have got the pricing that we were intending to take, we got not only negotiated but actually in place towards the end of the second quarter and so we would expect that to be a net benefit in the second half.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't think that we are saying that, but the full amount of the sales, of course, is visible because the sales attributable to acquisition are 100% from RB Foods. I will say that RB is tracking uncannily close to our original acquisition model and --
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I know it is but it is uncanny how close it is which included some pretty aggressive growth as we go through this year. So we are really pleased with it, but we are not quantifying that. And there's a reason for that and that's because when we get to fourth quarter, it's going to drop into base business. And as we go forward, we are not going to be reporting on it separately. It will fall into the segments. And so it just seems like providing that visibility during this period of time would just be an unnecessary amount of detail. But you can see in the overall sales growth and in margins performance that we are getting good results there.
Lawrence Kurzius: No. But we have said this year, that we are progressing, we are getting higher than we originally thought. We are not quantifying it, but we are progressing well. At some point during the year, we will quantify it, but not yet. This is kind of a broad question, even back to why we aren't calling up our guidance. We are only about 40% through the year from an earnings perspective. Our big two quarters are coming up. So it's something, I think, in the third quarter, we will have more news.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi. Great. Thanks, Jonathan. One of the things that we have got that the previous owner didn't have is that we have got tremendous category management capability. I mean, Reckitt Benckiser, that was a fabulous company. In their core categories, they have got tremendous capability, but this was not one of their core categories. They regarded this as an off-strategy business and so it didn't get the resources that the other brands in that company got. And their category management capabilities were frankly pretty rudimentary. Today's category management exercises require specialized tools, it requires a lot of data and it requires talent, all of which are expensive and require substantial scale to work. And so, their competitor was able to push them around at the shelf pretty handily for the last three years before we bought the business. And we have been able to successfully now push back against that. As an example, in many customers, French's mustard has the same shelf presence as, let's say, the other brand that's out there, but at three to four times the velocity. I mean, the competing brand doesn't deserve equal presence. Customers have been very responsive to the fact that French's is under-shelved and under-skewed and that the competitor's brands are over-shelved, over-skewed and may not even deserve to be there in the first place. And so that's a selling story that it's a customer-by-customer selling story, but they have been very receptive to it. The data totally supports it and we have been pretty credible. This is an area that's been historically a strength for McCormick. We have really built a lot of muscle in this capability over the last several years. And so I think we are able to push back pretty effectively. The gain, so far, are really pleasing. We again believe are not at the end of the story. There's a lot more runway still here to improve our shelf presence and share of shelves.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. So while we have done a great job on the shelf in the first half of the year, I think as we get through the second half and start introducing the new advertising, we are going to see consumer response be really good.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Akshay, this is Lawrence. And it's not just pricing. Pricing is part of it. But we have a much stronger A&P plan in the second half of the year compared to the first, as Mike mentioned. For the first half of the year, our A&P spending, while it's up, is not up equal to our sales growth, but for the full year, we expect the company spending on A&P growth to be higher than sales growth. So implied in that is pretty strong acceleration of A&P spending in the second half of the year and that is our highest consumption period. And so I think that real consumer offtake driven by our marketing programs is one of the main factors. That and pricing. And we have distribution gains that we have won that haven't been fully reflected at the shelf in the first half of the year and indeed some of which are still even in the process of being implemented that give us a lot of confidence in the second half of the year, especially going into the fourth quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, remember that Frank's and French's will be part of that core business and we are going to be lapping some of the fourth quarter supply chain issues from last year. So we are expecting a very robust fourth quarter from that really good point.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think, that our category management efforts are reinforcing on a competitive dynamic that we see in the market right now where the leading brand is gaining and private label is gaining. And if you are thinking of herbs, spices and seasonings in particular, this is a category where we make both. And so our category management efforts have been around accelerating the growth of those two and that's put pressure on everything that's in the middle. The numbers there are distorted by a new low by one large customer that we have talked about at some length. I am not going to repeat all that stuff. But if you look at the total grocery trends, our IRI scanner shows that we are pretty close to keeping pace with the category and I think our category management efforts there have been pretty successful.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I won't say that it's just a timing issue. But certainly, if we hadn't had a later start to the grilling season, I mean, March and April were cold and wet across the East and the South and that's where a lot of our consumption is. That consumption has gone. So that's not going to repeat. But yes, if it weren't for that, I think we would have been even stronger. I don't think that that really manifests itself so much on the French's and Frank's portfolio as much as it does on our core grilling products. Well, actually for French's and Frank's, this is the strongest start to the grilling season that they have had since the competitive product was introduced. This is the first time that those brands have gained volume during that period.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, that's an interesting question. For us, the change that happened for our brand, it was already an entry price point item. And so the transition from that entry price point economy brand to a private label really wasn't a category devaluing event. It wasn't a margin devaluing event for us either. The thing that has been category devaluing really within that customer has been some intense promotional activity that they have put against that item that occurred most intensely during, say, through fourth quarter and first quarter of last year. And as we lap that, I think we will see some improvement there. But that's the case for us. I really don't know what the answer to that is more broadly.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. So there are two questions. Well, first of all, in the U.K., we are coming up on the lap of that distribution change and so certainly, that won't be the negative impact that it has been. But on the other hand, I don't want to speculate in advance about what the change in distribution we might get with them going forward. As far as the condiment private label, I think that's something we would have to think long and hard about. That is not a business that we are in right now. We have provided private label in our urban spice category because it's a very complicated category to manage and we have tried to offer the customer a full category solution for the category. It's got hundreds of SKUs and it's very challenging to manage. Condiment is a little bit different than that. So I think we got to think long and hard about that. That's not a business we are in right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks everyone. I would like to thank everyone for your questions and I would like to apologize for those who are still in the queue. We have gone 15 minutes over and we do still have questions in the queue. So my apologies to those that we didn't get to and I would like to thank everyone who participated on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we are differentiated with a broad advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth. We are responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a keen focus on growth, performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I am pleased with the strong results for the first half of the year and I am confident in our continuing momentum for growth in 2018. I look forward to reporting to you on the shareholder value we will continue to create. For those of you who are in the U.S., have a great Fourth of July and wherever you are, go out and grill something with lots of seasonings and top it off with French's and Frank's. Thank you.
