Gordon Stetz: I’d like to go through some of the details behind our strong first quarter financial results. Let’s start with a look at our consumer business. As Alan indicated, we increased our brand marketing support in the first quarter which for this part of our business was up 31% to $32 million, an $8 million increase. Even with this higher spending, operating income for this business grew 8% with higher sales and cost savings from our comprehensive continuous improvement program, CCI. In the America’s region sales rose 5% and in local currency grew 3%. Our investment in brand marketing support is paying off in top line growth with increases in holiday spices and extracts, dry seasoning mixes, and Zatarain’s products. We were extremely pleased with this response to our marketing support. Offsetting these unit increases were reductions in our US sales of private label and economy brands, and an unfavorable product mix in Canada. Our consumer sales in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) rose 13% in the quarter with a significant benefit from currency exchange rates. We were pleased with growth of 3% in local currency with contributions from both favorable volume and product mix and pricing actions. Category increases in the UK and France remained robust and we achieved strong sales in these markets in the first quarter with incremental marketing for our Schwartz, Ducros and Vahine branded products. These increases were offset in part by the sales performance in some of the smaller markets where we do business including Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands. In the Asia/Pacific regions, sales increased 20% with growth in local currency 6%. This was driven by a double digit increase in China where we significantly increased marketing support and continued to gain distribution into new cities and retail channels. Our primary areas of focus in the industrial business in 2010 are product innovation and margin improvement. Through both, a more favorable business mix and CCI led cost savings. In the first quarter we made great strides in each of these areas while sales and local currency declined 1%, operating income rose 34% as a result of a positive shift in our sales mix and greater productivity across our operations. With the introduction of some new value added products we offset the impact of continued weakness in certain food service channels. Let’s take a look at first quarter sales results for each of our three regions on slide 14. Sales in the America’s rose 1% and in local currency declined 1%. In response to lower commodity costs such as dairy items, we reduced pricing for certain products during this period. We grew volume with the introduction of new flavors solid to food manufacturers in the US and in Mexico. This was offset by the sales impact of weak demand from the restaurant industry. For both food manufacturers and food service customers, we are encouraged by a number of new products in the pipeline. In EMEA, industrial sales rose 15% and in local currency increased 1%. We had good sales growth with quick service restaurants in this region and with snack seasonings. Our sales of branded products to the UK food service customers continued to be impacted by the bankruptcy of our primary distributor that occurred in the second quarter 2009. Sales rose 11% in the Asia/Pacific region with a 1% increase in local currency. Here too, sales to quick service restaurants were quite strong with improving restaurant traffic in China. This was offset in part by a reduction in our bulk ingredient sales during the first quarter.  Across both segments, sales rose 6% and in local currency the increase was 2% largely from higher volume and product mix. With an 8% increase in operating income for our consumer business and the 34% growth in industrial products, we increased operating income for the total business 12% with operating income margin up 70 basis points. As Alan mentioned, gross profit margin improvement was significant at 100 basis points for this quarter. This was ahead of our 50 basis point projection for the year, as a result of a particularly favorable business mix during this period. I would also note that our cost of goods sold for the first quarter included $5 million of costs associated with our recall of a limited number of products that contained an ingredient supplied by basic food flavors.
Gordon Stetz: In the first quarter income from unconsolidated operations nearly doubled from the year ago period. As Alan indicated, an excellent performance by McCormick de Mexico led to this impressive increase. Keep in mind that the year on year benefit from soybean oil costs and foreign currency exchange rates will moderate as we head into the second quarter and remainder of 2010. Our 31% tax rate for the first quarter 2010 was above the tax rate in the first quarter 2009 which included a benefit from discrete tax items. We continue to expect the tax rate for 2010 to be near 32%. Earnings per share in the quarter reached $0.51 up 16% from the prior year. The $0.07 increase was comprised of $0.06 from higher operating income and $0.02 in income from unconsolidated operations. The net impact of favorable interest expense and unfavorable tax rate and higher shares outstanding, lowered EPS by $0.01. I’ll comment briefly on the balance sheet and first quarter cash flow and refer you to slide 18. As is typical in the first two quarters of our year, cash flow from operations was fairly neutral. For the first quarter 2010 cash flow from operations was -$5 million compared to -$13 million in the first quarter 2009. The current year results includes an incremental $25 million in US pension contributions. We continue to make headway with our McCormick profit and the focus it brings on working capital. The McCormick profit, we reward our business leaders not only for strong operating income but also for their management of working capital and saw good progress this quarter with inventory reductions. Let me finish up with our 2010 guidance. If you turn to slide 19 I would like to comment on our financial outlook for the fiscal year. While earnings per share exceeded our expectations for the first quarter we continue to project a range of $2.49 to $2.54. As we move into the balance of the year we expect a more moderate increase in our joint venture income and gross profit margin improvement closer to our 50 basis point target. We reaffirm 2% to 4% sales growth in local currency and continue to project a 2% benefit from favorable foreign currency exchange rates. Other aspects of our guidance also remain unchanged. 50 basis points of gross margin improvement, $35 to $45 million of cost savings from CCI, and a $20 million increase in marketing support. While we do not typically provide quarterly guidance, we do want to point out that we do not expect a repeat of our 2010 first quarter results in the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, we had particularly favorable sales mix in the first quarter that significantly improved gross profit margin.  Also, we are planning an even greater increase in our marketing support. This is on top of a $10 million marketing increase in the second quarter 2009. Because a large portion of the 2010 spending is related to awareness building for our new products, it won’t have the immediate sales lift we saw with our first quarter spending. I’d also like to point out that we expect the increase in income from unconsolidated operations to moderate a bit from the first quarter’s results as pointed out earlier in our remarks. As a result of these factors, our current outlook is for second quarter EPS to be in a $0.42 to $0.45 range. To wrap up our remarks this morning, our first quarter sales, profit, and cash have given us increased confidence in our outlook for another year of strong performance. We believe 2010 will be a year of record financial results and increased value for McCormick shareholders. Now let’s take the first question.
Gordon Stetz: You did hear that right. In the quarter our core business items which were the focus of all the advertising and promotional efforts did have a very strong result and private label had weaker trends. It had a favorable impact on the mix and you saw that in the gross margin performance. In terms of go forward, the indication that we’re giving is that we expect the gross margin to be more in line with the full year guidance of 50 basis points.  The main reason for that is as we promote into, mainly in the second quarter, we’re looking at awareness building activities as it relates to new product introductions. Those core items that performed so well in the first quarter we wouldn’t expect them to be quite as strong in the second quarter as we’re shifting this spend towards more of the new product and awareness building items.
Gordon Stetz: Also, private label, recall is a smaller component of the portfolio. While it did have an impact, the bigger impact was really on those core items that performed well that we mentioned in the call earlier.
Gordon Stetz: I’d like to make one correction to a statement I made earlier. I had indicated that the CCI savings for the year were going to be $35 to $45 million. In fact the slide is right, slide 19 is right, it’s going to be $35 to $40 million for the year.
Gordon Stetz: We continue to evaluate the effectiveness of all of our marketing programs and put more money behind the ones that are working and shift away from things that aren’t working as well. We certainly are front loading the increased spend but recall we had a significant increase in our spending through a good bit of last year so we feel pretty confident that we have lots of fuel in the engine. It doesn’t say that if we see opportunities for returns or if we do better with our CCI projects that we won’t look for opportunities to investment spend. We feel like we’ve got a pretty well lined out program for this year.
Gordon Stetz: As we indicated, we had some pricing that were pass throughs as commodity costs came down. As we said, when those items were going up that was a depression on the margin and as they come back down that actually is a help to the margin. That phenomenon we would continue to see as commodity costs pass throughs run through. Product mix and timing of customer promotions is always a factor and it’ll be a function of the timing of when our customers and what’s the current pipeline launch certain items. That also can be both a positive and a negative on the mix as well.
Gordon Stetz: It’s a combination of both. We’ve tightened up our message and feel like we’re resonating better with consumers but there is an improved market. We were very happy to see positive volume in Europe; I think it’s the first time we’ve seen that in several quarters. We anticipate continuing to drive that but that’s one we’re pleased to see. It is a combination of both, better environment and our marketing programs are more effective.
Gordon Stetz: No, also Canada we had a negative mix and volume performance that was not as strong within those areas. That helped dampen down the growth of those items.
Gordon Stetz: We’ve seen some increases in prices and some of the spice commodities but by and large it’s been fairly benign. As you know, as we build we take coverage at different parts of the year and as we go into the back half of the year we typically would be pretty well covered on commodities. Going forward, I would expect to see some inflation as we head into 2011 but we’re seeing for the most part those commodities to be fairly benign for 2010.
Gordon Stetz: It is things that we can do and that we are working on doing, penetrating those large customers, as you know. We’ll dwell on this more in the investor conference. As you know, we place a lot of focus behind a critical few customers, and those are customers that we believe are going to grow and do well and so we will grow with them and as we service their needs and we wrap ourselves around their initiatives. That’s a big component of our strategy. There’s also some mix opportunities for us in terms of new product innovation and some of the things that we’re doing to strengthen our technical insulation as products move up, and then this whole trend towards natural and more healthy is one that plays very well for us.
Gordon Stetz: It’s really a mixed bag which is why it netted out to be only up slightly. What we saw is in food service basically casual down, QSR flat, and some growth in food service distributors for really the first time in several quarters. We’re seeing some good response there but there are still pockets of weakness that we haven’t seen recover. The consumer food manufacturers didn’t have the level of new product innovation last year that we would typically see and some of that is carrying over into this year but we did have a number of new product wins for consumer manufacturers that have started to launch and we’re seeing the volume of that but it wasn’t enough to offset the lack of the carry over from last year. That was a little confusing because there are so many ups and downs in it. We’re seeing pockets of optimism and still some hangover from weakness from last year.
Gordon Stetz: We will be covering this in more detail at the investor conference, Jim Radin, who is in charge of our supply chain will be doing a very good discussion around that. In answer to your question, we do benchmark this and make sure we’re challenging ourselves adequately on the cost savings that we are targeting. We are continuing to look at areas where we can achieve more cost savings. I will say we’re still looking at definitions that we include relative to other companies and some of the things that we put in that $35 to $40 million are very, very hard year over year savings. Other things that relate to productivity and capacity improvements you’ve heard me say this before, we’re learning other companies are including those types of metrics and we have those outside of that $35 to $40 million. There may be a bit of a disparity in terms of what’s being counted in these things. We’ll go into a fair amount of discussion on that in the investor conference for sure.
Gordon Stetz: Typically the kinds of things that we would be cooperating on are large commodities like soybean oil and flour and things like that. It’s pretty hard to take advantage of scale in those kinds of largely publicly traded commodities, it’s more making the decision on what point we’re going to lock in and how long we’re going to lock in and those sorts of things. I wouldn’t say there’s a scale advantage in that regard.
Gordon Stetz: Whatever promotional dollars that go to a price reduction would read through in the price and in the case of America’s we didn’t show any price. You’ll recall we had a price increase in the first quarter of last year, we anniversaried it so we may have had a little bit of a price benefit from that anniversary that was negated by the promotion. I don’t know if that helps answer but that’s where it would read through.
Alan Wilson: Let me step in here for a few remarks. As those of you who closely follow food companies realize, this was an industry wide issue that affected a significant number of companies and products. At McCormick this ingredient is a very small component in our products and our action to recall product was done from an abundance of caution.  There has also been news about a recall of products containing contaminated pepper. This recall affected a number of companies that purchased pepper from several of our competitors. I want to point out that McCormick was not involved in any of these pepper related incidents. We pride ourselves and our commitment to producing high quality, wholesome food and have great confidence in our food safety protocols and the effectiveness of our supply chain.
Alan Wilson: They will be but we expect those to build over time not to have the immediate impact in the quarter. What we’re doing is an investment spend in the second quarter.
Alan Wilson: Private label is still growing, the rate of growth has decelerated a bit as we’ve seen in spices and herbs it has actually continued to grow in dry seasoning mixes but were growing a lot faster and gaining share. We are seeing some deceleration.
Alan Wilson: I wouldn’t expect to see significant deflation, however I would remind you that through last year and even as we go into this year, we are still both advertising heavily and promoting heavily to make sure that we maintain good volumes of our brand versus private label. The price gaps are still pretty extensive on certain products and we want to make sure that we stay competitive.
Alan Wilson: A lot of the side by side products where you see both in almost every retailer aren’t new. There’s been on between 20 and 25 items across almost all channels an overlap between the brand and private label for a long, long time so there’s not anything new there. We’re not going to comment specifically on the private label Great Value tests but I will say that there’s not new competition there, we’ve overlapped on a lot of core items for a long, long time on both brand and private label.
Alan Wilson: Absolutely, that’s one that’s right up our alley. We typically provide natural flavors and seasonings, as you know we have a fairly significant business in snack seasonings. We have been working with our customers for quite a while in taking artificial flavors and other products out and replacing them with natural seasonings. We’re very, very heavily integrated.
Alan Wilson: We’ve seen an increase in inquiries, certainly as people look at what they need to do for their own food safety. Our record has been exceptional in that area so we are getting increased inquiries on that.
Alan Wilson: Absolutely, as we see strong consumer take aways through the periods there is some restocking that happens and visa versa if we find weaker take aways then certainly that’ll impact us as retailers adjust inventory. That’s why we’re making the investments that we’re making with consumer spending is to make sure that we keep that momentum going. We’re pleased with the momentum we’ve seen at the retail.
