Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 28. Our fourth quarter sales performance despite challenges from the COVID-related disruptions in China reflects the underlying strength of our global portfolio and the continued execution of our long-term strategies. With the stabilization of service and our supply chain in addition to positive momentum and consumption trends, we expect an acceleration in consumer segment sales dollars and volume in 2023 and continued strong flavor solutions performance as the strength of our portfolio is net with outstanding demand across our customer base. We have strong growth programs, and we look forward to sharing them at CAGNY. We are committed to increasing our profit realization. The actions we have underway to normalize our supply chain costs and increase our organizational effectiveness and efficiency are already yielding results. Our global operating effectiveness program is expected to deliver $125 million of cost savings. We expect the benefits of the program to scale up through each quarter of 2023 and continue to be accretive into 2024. While actively responding to the macroeconomic challenges we are facing, we continue to operate with the same discipline and commitment to execution as we have in any other operating environment. The fundamentals that have driven our historical performance remain in place, and we are as diligent as ever in driving value for our employees, consumers, customers and shareholders in both 2023 and beyond. The compelling benefits of our relentless focus on growth, performance and people continues to position McCormick to drive sales growth. This, coupled with our focus on recovering cost inflation and lowering costs to expand margins will allow us to realize long-term sustainable earnings growth. Before turning to your questions, I want to reiterate my confidence and driving the profitable growth reflected in our 2023 outlook. And now for your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. This almost comes off of my final comments on the prepared remarks. We really believe that this is balanced guidance. It is certainly not aggressive. We have a due degree of humility after last year and have a balanced outlook considering risk. And we have a high degree of confidence in this guidance, including the operating profit guidance. It’s underscored by our strong consumer demand and the underlying demand from the consumer is quite strong coming out of fourth quarter is actually the strongest demand, consumer demand, that we’ve seen. And we continue to have tremendous demand from our Flavor Solutions customer. We have very strong programs that we did not talk about on this call, particularly on herbs and spices and we will be sharing those growth programs at CAGNY. And so that is a foundation, underlying the performance on operating profit. We have very strong confidence in our ability to realize the cost savings that we described. These programs are being managed programmatically through the same team that manages our CCI program. And I believe that they are very much in our control and we’re quite confident about them. And I think that they more than offset the build of incentive comp. And maybe what some of the people you’re talking about haven’t fully considered is that we expect to cover not only this year’s cost inflation, but also recover all of the costs that we have lagged over the last 2 years our pricing actions early in the year. And as you know, pricing actions take time to sell in. So you would be correct in assuming that many of these conversations are either completed or well underway at this time.
Lawrence Kurzius: I am going to say a couple of words about that and I’m going to let Brendan follow me. First of all, on that pricing, I would not forget that the significant portion of it is going to be on the Flavor Solutions side of the business. It’s sort of confident when those have come up and allowed us to make some moves there. And so that is certainly a big part of the pricing equation. Our inflation outlook is higher actually on the Flavor Solutions inputs than on consumer input for the year. And so the pricing is similarly skewed more towards the Flavor Solutions side of it. I’m going to let Brendan talk about the price gaps and take it from here please.
Lawrence Kurzius: Start with the last part of it, Ken. We’ve seen some moderation of elasticity as we’ve gone through the year. It looks like peak elasticity was around the time when gas prices were at $5 a gallon and above for most of the country and was really not so much a reaction to our price increase, but to the general level of inflation that consumers were experiencing and the high pressure on their wallet. So our outlook for 2023 seems that the similar environment carries forward and that we’re seeing elasticity in that range. We’ve also adjusted – we’ve looked at – we’ve seen where we’ve had greater elasticity and where we’ve got less elasticity, and we’ve reflected that in our future pricing actions. So I think that we’ve really been thoughtful around the question of elasticity. We do expect the consumer to be under pressure in 2023. I don’t care whether you call it a recession or a soft landing. Consumers on the lower end of the income spectrum, not even – I’m not talking about the bottom, I’m talking about the lower half. I’m certainly going to have less money and are going to be careful with their budgets. We are reflecting that in our marketing programs already, and with some of the innovation that we’ve launched. It’s not all about buying the cheapest product that consumers are looking for value, and that’s really come through clear on our proprietary research and value has many components. It is true that our sales growth is driven primarily by pricing in 2023. And at the total company level, we expect volumes to be pretty much flat. And so that would be an improvement in the trend line, but that’s going to vary tremendously by region and a good bit of the overall volume growth is going to come from recovery in China following this we expect following this quarter where we have that tremendous COVID impact right now during Chinese New Year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I don’t think that we are giving or providing a split between the growth rates on consumer and flavor solutions. And I will say that we would expect higher growth on flavor solutions in 2023. We have – if nothing else, a higher level of pricing expected in the Flavor Solutions segment, and that alone is going to drive a higher increase year-on-year. Flavor Solutions is a bit of a portfolio itself. It includes branded foodservice, where we believe that we have gained significant share in North America, in particular, in our branded foodservice business with the number of wins as we have gone through the year. We have had tremendous growth on flavors and flavor seasonings, for our flavor solutions customers in the area of snacks, performance nutrition. The health end market, we have had a very strong unit growth through the entire pandemic and continuing through ‘22, and we have seen no end of sight on that. We have been slightly capacity constraint in that area. And we have some significant new capacity that for longer term investments that are finally coming on line in the second quarter that opens up additional capacity for us that’s both for flavor with some expansion that we have done. And at bona or spray drying capability, and in snack seasonings, where we have been in the process of converting one of our plants from some low-margin products, the ability to run a snack seasonings and that conversion is effectively coming online. We are in the trial stages right now, should be online in second quarter. So, a bit of a longish answer there, but I hope that covered it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I mean I wasn’t really being specific on the dual running costs when I was describing the improvement in flavor solutions. In terms of the pricing, I don’t want to get overly specific on this because we are in customer conversations right now. And there is a certain amount of commercial tension in all of those conversations. But we fully expect, as I have said about pricing generally on the flavor solutions side of the business as well that we will recover all of the inflation that we are not only incurring into the New Year, but also the cumulative inflation that we collected – that we have experienced the last two. And I would say that our lag in getting that getting caught up is greater in flavor solutions than it has been on the consumer side. So, it’s going to be – it’s pretty meaningful and that’s an important element. We would fully expect to have that work complete early in the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: We actually would have loved to have done that on this call and Kasey has insisted that we see some higher power. I know your question, Alexia, was about U.S. herbal and spices specifically. But if I could just step back, if I look at the fourth quarter, we gained share in hot sauce. We have gained substantial share in mustard what we finally are back in full supply. We had our, I think our fifth consecutive quarter in a row of strong share growth in recipe mixes, which – and everyone forgets those, but their profitability is right there with herbs and spices. And then in many of our international markets, we had share gains in urban spices specifically. So, when you look at the full picture, we have got – generally, as it has been the case all along, where we have had good supply, we have had the ability to grow our market share. A lot of the share loss that you are seeing is due to TDP losses early in the year that are still being left. And I expect we have won some of those TDPs back and I expect us to continue to do so as we go through ‘23.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will add to that, that the guidance that we are giving is balanced and all we have been saying prudent. And just from – that’s our opinion. And as you have heard from some of the other questions, that there is somebody think that this actually might even be aggressive. But we have tried to give a balanced guidance here, but our teams are used to winning and have – we have very aggressive business plans, and we will do everything we can to not just recover, but exceed. We are used to starting every year-end earnings call with record – with the phrase record results. We were not able to do that this year, and we would like to get back on track with that low record of historic performance.
Lawrence Kurzius: I would say at this point, no. The fact is that our supply chain recovery, I believe and the feedback we get from our customers is generally ahead of the peers. And so many of them are still fairly hand to mouth right now and have a different set of dynamics. Many of them are still rebuilding inventory – sorry, rebuilding inventories in the store at the shelf and correctly getting items reinstated. And those in the area of snacking are just experiencing explosive growth.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I will say that the promotional activity isn’t all about discounting. And so a lot of the promotional activity that we have been able to reinstate is around merchandising activity, which includes displays and digital partnerships and all – and these things have very good ROI, and we are quite positive about it. I am going to give the floor here to Brendan though.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will also say that our proprietary consumer survey shows that between May and December, when we have talked with – we ask consumers about their mechanisms for coping with higher pricing. Trading down to private label and store brands was the item that had the biggest decline in terms of the consumers who certainly were doing that. And so I think that matches up well with what we are seeing through the scanner and our other data.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, Chris. I would say that’s not really the relationship we are trying to describe here. We feel like inventories simply retailers had done a lot of restocking in the fourth quarter just 1.1 [ph]. And they just happen to have more on hand as we are going to the holiday season. But I don’t believe we are trying to say that they are executing the holiday season differently than they have as normal.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Peter, our incentive comp pays for growth. And we fell short of growth in 2022. And so that’s reflected in a very low incentive comp that we didn’t take back and confidence to the P&L. As we went through 2022, in 2023, it starts a New Year. And so we are starting with the expectation that we are going to hit our goals. And of course, as we over or under achieve, we will adjust incentive comp as we go through the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you. McCormick is aligned with consumer trends and the rising demand for flavor in combination with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and our strategic investments provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We are disciplined in our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We are continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategy actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We continue to be well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Brendan Foley: Yes, it’s still – Andrew, just to build on and Lawrence has replied. I’ll just jump back to maybe, I think one of the points you brought up regarding private label. We are seeing price gaps narrow right now. And we certainly saw that in the fourth quarter, even leading into the first quarter. And we started to see that trade down moderate honestly, through the quarter. So that’s kind of an insight. And maybe that’s also a reaction just sort of the macro inflationary factors have seem to moderate also out there in the economy overall. Consumers are looking for brands, but they are also looking for value. And so it’s not necessarily the lowest price. Parts of our portfolio, we’re seeing really start to drive a lot of growth just on large sizes as we see consumers kind of look for that value. We also – you should have called out, launched this Lawry’s everyday line of spices and we are starting to continue to build distribution on this, but the early results are really good, in fact, maybe better than what we expected. We’re seeing a lot of incremental category sales and profit coming from this line, those because consumers are trading up from private label. That’s kind of the source of volume that we’re seeing coming from this and it’s bringing in new consumers into the McCormick portfolio. So we are – we like the results so far that this is providing. But that’s certainly a good outcome, and it factors into how we think about next year. On pricing, just sort of comparing quarter-to-quarter, to your point, I think that’s probably more a function of the fact that we’ve been reinstating promotional activity that’s been, I think, called out previously. We’re also lapping last year’s increases, which were higher on a relative basis. But also our volume is in the fourth quarter had an impact on that overall level of pricing, too. So we’ve covered that with regard to the restocking comparison, and that’s factored into that quarter-to-quarter view.
Brendan Foley: Yes. Thanks, Ken, for the question. Definitely, this environment, certainly volatile, made it tougher to read. But as we think about just moving forward, it’s definitely going through, I think this period of time has allowed us to kind of refine how we look at your restocking and just the fluctuations particularly coming out of the season between consumption and shipments. This has allowed us, I think, to kind of refine our view. Overall, we definitely had a pretty disciplined approach to it is even prior to the pandemic, but I think this is refine how we look at it in the tools that we use, the analytics that we apply. So we have a lot of confidence going into this next year, particularly as we exit the first quarter that just the fluctuations that we typically would see during the holiday season between consumption and shipments. And then on top of that, this restocking comparison, things begin to normalize. I think is our view as we come out of Q1 providing just a little bit more stability in that read.
Brendan Foley: Thanks Lawrence. Alexia, I just – as we look at our business, I think just first, remarking on the fourth quarter. I think what we were really feeling pretty – feel pretty good about in terms of the momentum we have talked about before is that we have seen sequential improvement not only across the total McCormick portfolio and consumer in the U.S., but also in herbs and spices. Fourth quarter is probably our best quarter of the year. We saw sequential improvement on not only sales, but also unit and also volume as we went through the second quarter all the way to the fourth quarter. So, that’s pretty good momentum going into the next year. Having said that, though, certainly, we saw a stabilization of where our share is right now and expect to improve that over the course of ‘22. But we don’t never really get into the habit of sort of projecting what share will be in the future. So, we are not going to do that on this call necessarily, but we do expect to have improved performance in ‘23. And I think related to what those plans will be, we will talk a lot more about that at CAGNY. And so I think there will be a lot of great opportunity to kind of go deeper on what those plans and opportunities look like.
Brendan Foley: If I could build on that, Lawrence. Adam, the other thing to consider regarding our flavor solutions business is a good part of that sales growth algorithm is a lot of new product and innovation activity for our customers as well as winning new customers and winning share in the market. And so that factors into how we think about our growth.
Brendan Foley: I think you are seeing a confluence of a number of things happening in the quarter where some of those macro factors that we may have spoken about before, like the price of gas, etcetera, those seem to have moderated. So therefore, broadly, we think that has an impact. So, also the reinstatement of promotions probably during, obviously, a very important season like the holiday would have also a year-over-year impact there, too. But I think there is a couple of things we would like to add is we got more aggressive in Q4 for a reason. We called that out in the third quarter. And part of that includes also a lot of focus and an increased A&P around value messaging. And we have seen a lot of great response from that. And so I think there is a number of things playing in here, Chris, that lead us to believe that we have got good momentum going into ‘23.
Mike Smith: Some of that is internal to me. Our supply chain is really operating at a much higher level now than it has an investment service perspective and stability. That’s another thing that gives us better insight into our sales.
Mike Smith: Hey Rob, it’s Mike. I will answer that. I mean I would say this, I mean we are taking – we have a very large actually footprint in one part of the UK and then the Petersburg plant, which we talked about is a massive facility. So, we are kind of doing this in a two-step process to make sure we service our customers properly. So, it’s different than when you are just building new capacity like we have talked about, where you are kind of adding on to a plant. We are actually closing a plant in a very difficult environment to close plants for a lot of reasons, moving it to a brand-new facility. So, that does take more time. The good news is we are kind of almost out of that after the first quarter. You think about the incremental costs we have talked about is in the first quarter after it levels out. And as that production – the remaining production transfers over the rest of this year, ‘24 will be a really clean year. But when you are closing big plants and opening a big plant, they don’t take one quarter, it will take about a year, if you think about it, that’s what this one is taking around that much time.
Mike Smith: I think the other point, too, Alexia, a couple of things. We talked about inflation being weighted to the front of the year. First quarter is the highest inflation that impacts labor solutions as well as consumer. The other thing is our global operating effectiveness program. I mean there has been a lot of positive activity. The reality though is the first quarter is going to have the least impact and it’s going to ramp up really rapidly in the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. So, the second quarter is going to be a big impact. The flavor solutions because a lot of the inefficiencies we have talked about over the last year have been in the supply chain area for flavor solutions. So, we do see more of that savings going to that segment, which will help.
Mike Smith: Adam, this is Mike. Good question. I mean we put together the slide in the earnings deck to really walk you from the current guidance. And from a percentage basis, realizing it’s not dollars, but from a percentage basis, constant currency guidance to the underlying base growth. And if you think about it, you look at that underlying base for, once you take out all the kind of I hate to say one-timers, but things are really discrete items year-over-year, and some of which will continue into next year, like the global operating effectiveness program, as you talked about rebuilding there are profit getting back to our long-term profit algorithm by taking out these costs that have really come through during the pandemic. So, I think there is a case for acceleration into the future. We are not talking about ‘24 or ‘25 right now. We need to nail ‘23. But if you look at that underlying base growth 4% to 6% net sales growth, which actually went out bolt-on M&A is at the high end of our guidance. So, really good underlying performance. We get back to the 7% to 9% operating profit growth. If you really if you think about the recovery of the pricing that we talked about, that allows us to really drive that 3 percentage point increase will get to that 7% to 9%. So, we feel good about that, along with our noble things like our normal CCI program and things like that, investing a bit more in advertising to grow the brand. So, that virtuous cycle we talk about is to get the operating profit and 1% leverage below there, we would love to pay down more debt. That’s why we are driving hard on our working capital programs this year to get our inventories back down to where they need to be. So, we feel good about like Lawrence said before, it’s a prudent call. We feel really confident about it. And so I think hopefully that helps you understand the moving parts other than the discrete items, some of which the positives will continue into next year, even the net recovery in China, hopefully ‘24 is better than the ‘23. But we feel good about on base.
Mike Smith: We did start making progress on our inventory in the fourth quarter, as you mentioned both in the raw material and finished goods side, which was really a focus with our global operating excellence for efficiency program. One of the outputs of that is reduced inventory too as you stabilize your supply chain. And we have very aggressive targets for this year. And again, it goes back to creating more cash to help drive our debt down.
Mike Smith: Yes. And just in the normal ebb and flow of things. Remember, our fiscal year end stands in the middle of the holiday season. So, coming in the first quarter, retailer inventories are always high. We always ship below consumption in the first quarter. That’s like a normal seasonal pattern. And I think that we are well set up for that. Just given the rapid amount of change, we are just being cautious about that. And in our remarks, we have said we expect normalization after Q1.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean I think on top of that, the highest commodity cost increases in the first quarter. I think the first quarter is always our smallest quarter. If you think about the cadence of, Max, in our history, fourth quarter are the most sales and most profit comes through because of the holiday season. Except for China, which is actually inversed. China’s first quarter is their biggest quarter because of the Chinese New Year. So, that’s another factor that’s going to put pressure on our first quarter this year because of the COVID issues. But I would hesitate to say we get round number is what it’s going to be, but it’s going to be a difficult first quarter. For all the factors, you named four or five of the factors right on our list. I added the China impact also into that. So, as well as FX. FX is flat for the year, Max, but in the first quarter, it’s about a 3% negative year-on-year. So, that’s another reason that the first quarter is going to be the most challenging, but for all the reasons you mentioned with the global operating effectiveness, the recoveries and it will be strong for the rest of the year.
Mike Smith: Yes, it’s very formulaic. The majority of our incentive competence based on McCormick profit, which is basically our operating profit less a capital charge we call kind of light EVA model to make sure all of us are held accountable for capital improvement. So, it’s really focused a lot on operating profit and a bit on EPS, too, very formulaic. We pay for growth.
