Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 28. We delivered solid first quarter results in line with our expectations with strong sales growth on top of our 20% constant currency growth last year. We are confident that the hard work and dedication of our employees will continue to drive momentum. We recognize we're operating in a challenging global environment. Through the execution of our strategies, we've successfully grown long-term value environment over the years regardless of the environment. Our long-term fundamentals that drove our performance are stronger than ever. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities, our alignment with long-term consumer trends that are in our favor and the attractive categories we are in, provide a strong foundation for long-term sustainable growth. We're confident that our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, our robust operating momentum and effective growth strategies will drive another year of strong growth in 2022 and build value for our shareholders.  Now let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Andrew. I'll start on this and then let Mike follow up and talk about those specific items. But first of all, I want to emphasize that first quarter is really right up in the middle with our expectations. And it all starts with strong demand and strong top line performance. We expect to see continued strong demand as we go through the year. And as we go through the second quarter, in particular, more pricing action goes into effect, which on top of that strong demand and with the relatively low elasticity that we're seeing will translate into both strong top line and strong bottom line growth in the second half of the year. This is in line with the guidance that we talked about on our last call at the end of -- when we gave guidance for the year initially.  Mike, you want to talk about those specific guidance.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that this is a work in progress. Supply chain continues to get better. It's not perfect as our -- some of our customers will remind us. But the disruptions that we are seeing are much more discrete and specific rather than the third quarter of last year, it seemed like everything was a problem. So supply chain has gotten better, our ability to meet that demand has really gotten better. And although make that remark about certain customers a minute ago. The fact is our customers tell us that, generally, we are performing better than our competitive set, and this is allowing us to win new business. So we really feel pretty good about how that has improved. And I think you'll continue to see us build share performance consecutively as we have been for the last several quarters with our ability to supply, and that additional capacity coming on has really made the difference.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. I think 2 things. First of all, we have not yet seen significant movement in private label as a trend in either direction. Some of the recent market data shows some increase and -- but it's really slight in our categories. There's a dynamic you have to watch out for private label, the costs are going up for everybody. And it's driven by raw material, packaging and transportation, and the same penny cost increase that's impacting brands is also impacting private label. And so when you put that same amount of cost increase through to private label, percent of increase is bigger, and it creates an uptick of private label growing faster on a dollar basis. It's again, it's that cost pass-through. So I want to make that clear. The second point that I want to make, though, is that we are believers that there's a role for both our brand and private label, especially in the urban spice category and we provide both to our customers and the best competitive environment for us as a company. It's when both our brand and private label are obtaining share, putting pressure on everybody else.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I would say we're less exposed to the green complex. Most of our peer companies would be. I think our concern and part of what we're considering in our inflationary outlook is cost of energy, which now looks like it's going to remain higher than perhaps it might have otherwise. That flows through the packaging to the plastic resins and things like that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'd say that we've said we're going to take pricing as appropriate. And so different regions are going to have different levels of inflationary impact and different levels of pricing and different timings in which those pricing actions might take effect. And so I don't -- and then even within regions, there are going to be differences from country to country, especially in the region.
Lawrence Kurzius: Even within our segments, certainly, I can say though that broadly, we have -- our current pricing actions -- our pricing actions that we've spoken about are very much on track. We have pricing going into effect in second quarter in several markets. I know your question is about the EMEA, but they'll be more specific about our U.S. consumer business because increases are going into effect this week for the next round. In our Flavor Solutions segment, broadly, the branded foodservice part of the portfolio moves with consumer pricing. And the rest of the flavor solutions business, pricing is based on contractual windows and the timing is going to vary tremendously based on the windows of reassessing the pricing. And I'd say that in EMEA and APZ, the pricing actions are on track and are going to be phased in through the first half of the year. So it is -- pricing is always an ongoing discussion, and we would not get too specific as of now for both the customer and for competitive reasons.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, of course, there was elevated demand because consumers were forced to stay at home to cook. And we never expected all of it to remain. But we do believe that consumers have moved to a higher level of consumption and at a higher level of cooking at home structurally. All of our research points in that direction. Just the logic of people still cooking at home.And it starts from working from home in part. Lunch is going to be a meal occasion. That is consumed more at home. The breakfast because of work from home, people are actually cooking breakfast instead of using more ready-to-eat solutions. And there's kind of both the qualitative and the quantitative work at that point to say consumption at home is going to continue to remain elevated. I mean 88% of consumers say they're going to cook as much at home or as much or more at home than they did during the pandemic.  To the extent there's economic pressure on us from a recession, that also reinforces the whole cook at home. And we know, in particular, our categories and our brands performed well during processionary periods during both of the last 2 recessions. Our brand growth was right in line with our long-term guidance. We are seeing a difference in our consumer business in the U.S. versus Europe. But the biggest factor there is actually that Europe has -- in our European business, we have a significant component that is making, particularly with our Botanical brand in France. And so we've seen baking return to more of a baseline level. But we do believe that there's been a step up in our other categories.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'm not going to get too specific on our exact elasticity modeling. But we do model elasticity. These price increases are really outside the range of those models. And the environment is different from the environment in which those models were built. So I think that all of us are in a little bit uncharted territory right now. But we've assumed a level of elasticity is so far so good in the sense that elasticity that we're actually seeing is actually at the low end of what we've been modeling. So that gives us some encouragement.  And again, elasticity is probably based on substitutability and everything is going up. And so kind of -- even though our prices are going up, the consumers’ perspective about the kind of relative frame of preference, it's in a context for all the substitutes and everything that products are used on it's going up as well. And again, as we tried to say in our prepared remarks and which we've seen and heard from consumers in the past is that our products are a very small part of the cost of their meal. And in many cases, are part of them solving their whole grocery basket inflation problem. They've got a NIM going up 40% the increase on spices sales by comparison and using even more spice to substitute a lower cost got to meet a real behavior that we see in consumer.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I would say we're still -- in order to meet the high level of demand the volumes came down a little bit, it actually won't even benefit us.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll start off to say that Flavor Solutions growth for the total company was really strong. And for Americas and EMEA, it was likewise really, really strong. And even Asia Pacific and where the growth was a little bit lighter, I'm not going to complain about the amount of growth that we recognize over there as well. The food away from home components, slightly trailed food at home overall, but those results were really different by region. That whole – our whole flavor and seasoning business has really been robust in the Americas, and that drove a lot of the growth. And quick service restaurant recovery has continued to be strong. And branded food service is now reopening. So we're seeing solid growth there. I mean it's hard to say what's not, -- I mean, I couldn't tell you what we're not growing.
Lawrence Kurzius: And on China specifically, we're watching this. But I'd say it's within the -- there are always puts and takes in pressures within the business. I'd say that what we're seeing at least so far is within that range.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. And I think that we couldn’t get into too much detail here. I would say that our global sourcing and our foods on the ground and our long relationships with producers in these markets and kind of the strategic partnership that in some cases are multigenerational have really advantaged us in this area and this has actually been an area that -- where I think that we've demonstrated tremendous competitive advantage and is giving us some buffer and I think that others are probably experiencing even greater cost inflation pressure for some of these same components. It is an area where scale really matters.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, we're not trying to signal anything when we talk about it. We offer the whole range of price points from all the way from super premium and to mid-tier to entry price point. And at a time when, when we -- and everybody are taking pricing actions, we also want to make sure that our products are accessible to lower-income consumers and value-conscious consumer. And that's how we're really trying to provide reassurance in that area. It's not an anticipation of some change or it's not a shift in strategy or focus for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: I can tell you, we -- this is pricing that has been planned. We -- these price increases in order for them to be effective now were presented before our last call, I can assure you, so these are not new. And the additional pricing that we're planning later in the year was planned, the magnitude of that pricing was still flexible and we're locking that in now.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and reach of our balanced portfolio, which has positioned us for sustainable growth. We're very proud of our solid first quarter operating performance, our disciplined and our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to accelerate our momentum and drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategies, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We are well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think the thing that's really changed since the first quarter for the year-end call when we talked about the inflation moving from mid-teens to mid to high teens. Really, there's been a bit of an acceleration in things like fuel cost that will impact our second quarter. But we see on average across the year, that cost inflation around the same mid- to high single teens, but it's been moved forward into the second quarter. Pricing, though, is continuing to build, as Lawrence said.  For the full year, before we said on the last call, mid- to high pricing impact, we're at the high -- we'll be at the high end of that now. And actually, in the second 6, we'll be in a low double-digit pricing impact range, which gives us more confidence about the second half profit realization. As you mentioned, there were some other factors. ERP spending is up in the first versus last year. Investments in supply chain, we just announced some of the transition of production over to the Peterborough facility in the U.K. There are start-up costs that have hit us in the first quarter. There will be more of that in the second quarter, really hitting the Flavor Solutions segment. So we do see some of those negative impacts in Q2, but really feel confident about the second 6 with some of the actions that we've identified.
Mike Smith: Alexia. It's Mike. I'll start the answer. We have said in our 8-K, sales for Russia and Ukraine are less than 1% of our total sales. So that's -- and so that's grossed in. It will have an impact in the second quarter, obviously, because that's when the crisis has unfolded. As far as your question about broader impacts, primarily inflation, I think you've seen in the last couple of weeks, and part of the reasons we've taken our inflation expectations up and discussed pricing is because of some of those impacts.  From a commodity perspective, I mean, our market basket is a lot different than a lot of other food companies. I mean there are products that could be impacted, we source mustard from that part of the world, but we have secondary sourcing capabilities there, which we've moved to. So I think our global supply chain, 1 of the strengths we have is it's deep and has a long history and there's alternative markets for a lot of our materials. And no one raw material makes up more than 5% of our total cost of goods sold. So I think that diversity really helps us.
Mike Smith: I'd say between the first half and the second half, you're going to have that big change due to the pricing dynamic I mentioned before and some of the one-timers in the first 6. The things we've laid out as far as cost increasing versus our original expectations in the second quarter. I think it's probably a pretty good estimate that in that range of gross margin, what we did in the first quarter is probably close. We do have the additional Peterburg supply chain investment costs I talked about for dual running costs and things like that. So I don't think you're far out of the ballpark there.
Mike Smith: Let me answer that. When I say then, just to be clear, we have given guidance that pricing for the full year was going to be mid to high single digit based on -- with the new based on the -- we're moving to the high end of that based on the price -- based on the recent cost increases. Obviously, single digit. I'm getting confused. Mid to high single digit. We moved to high based on some of this recent cost inflation, I talked about primarily impacting the second quarter. When I said about first half, second half, in the second half, if you look at that in particular, back to Andrew's question, we are going to see low single -- low double-digit price increases, which are cumulatively coming through for the third and fourth quarter. So it builds during the year, to my point before, not for the full year but for the second 6.
Mike Smith: Well, I think you're lapping and you're lapping last year in the Americas, particularly pricing in the fourth quarter last year. So you do get that cumulative impact of several price increases, 3 of them actually.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean you just look at total McCormick consumer in the last 2 years, we were lapping a really tough quarter last year in Q1. We're up 30% in 2 years constant currency consumer sales. That's pretty amazing. That's that step-up that Lawrence was talking about.
Mike Smith: Let's read about the fixed cost in our supply chain. I mean we manage ups and downs all the time. So if there happens to be some volume decrease there's been a large investment in capacity in the last couple of years and we've gotten out a lot of these co-pack costs from COVID. So we would absorb that.
Mike Smith: Yes, not only the secular trends, but we're winning business. I mean it's the thing that we talked about -- 1 acquisition that has unlocked across the flavor business and some of these high-growing categories, we talked about it in CAGNY. So I think you're seeing a lot of good trends across Flavor Solutions.
Mike Smith: Well, I think -- Gosh. I mean all companies are struggling like this. But I think in times when other of our, say, package food companies are trying to come up with innovation, maybe take cost out where our products are such a small percentage of the total product they sell to the consumer, it's actually an opportunity for us to work with them. So I'm less concerned about some of the elasticity they're seeing, things like that. You've said we're small component, just like on the consumer side of that meal, whether you're a branded foodservice or whether you're buying a snack seasoning.
Mike Smith: I think most -- the impact we've talked about, especially recently is more on the transportation and the packaging side. There's exposures to the resins and oil costs and things like that. Input commodities, we have a long history of relationships with partners and joint ventures that secure commodities over time. And you can look at our balance sheet, we have more raw materials now than we did last year. So that's part of the way we protect our future supply.
Mike Smith: For second half as I said, for the reasons you mentioned, but also the fact that, that cost acceleration for the fuel costs and things like that into the second quarter in addition to some of the things we made out before with some of the supply chain. So yes, you're right.
Mike Smith: That's specifically reflecting -- the majority of it is related to the Peterborough start-up costs and redundant running costs there.
Mike Smith: Which is a great new facility of net carbon 0 and manufacturing and then running, it's going to be fantastic long term, but there is a start-up cost, yes.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean you have to remember, within our consumer business, we have -- there's products we sell that are used for both -- in foodservice that we classify them as part of the consumer, which is a little different than other parts of the world just because of the fact they could be used in both channels.
Mike Smith: I think you have to remember, first quarter is historically the smallest quarter. So -- and the back half of the year is traditionally our biggest quarter. So there you get a math thing going that helps us as we have increased volumes and pricing and things like that. We've talked about that help fill some of that gap you're talking about. I mean we're always looking -- we talked at CAGNY, we talked on the earnings call about the things that are going to help us, whether it's CCI. People forget about the reduction in COVID costs.  We spent $60 million in COVID costs last year, of which some of that still remains in the underlying business, but that was -- that's a big tailwind for us to help offset some of the segment mix we've talked about, the pricing compression that we've talked about, which is the main driver. So there's other things we're doing, whether it's rev management, to shift to higher-margin products, both on the Flavor Solutions side and Consumer that we're intentionally doing. So there's a lot of things -- there's a lot of puts and takes within that 0 to 50% -- or 50 basis points for the full year. But we're 1 quarter in, and it's just too early to move. And things will move in that range, too, as things change with Ukraine and Russia, commodity costs, pricing. So we're comfortable with where we are right now.
