Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 27. We are delivering against our plans, both for sales and profit realization and are confident in the momentum of our business. With our year-to-date results, we have a strong start to the year.Moving into our second half, we're confident in our plans, including brand marketing support, new product launches and new distribution which will drive further growth. Our 2019 outlook continues to reflect strong operating performance. And finally, we are sustainably positioned for growth and are continuing to deliver differentiated results while also investing to build the McCormick of the future.Now let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Sure, Andrew. Well, first of all, it's not that Easter – it's not Easter. It's the grilling season that was the issue. Easter fell later in the calendar, we actually had a great Easter season, but the late Easter did compress the grilling season and that compression of the grilling season impacted our grilling products and seasonally our grilling season items, particularly our Grill Mates seasoning blends are a big part of our business at this time of year.We didn't mention it in our prepared remarks, but it's also an exceptionally wet season. So the quarter was, I think the fifth wettest on record and May was the second wettest on record, and just the combination of the slow – of the late grilling season, the compression of the grilling season and some unfavorable weather was a headwind to our Grill Mates range. So that caused us to pace behind the category.I think the whole category was somewhat depressed by the compression of that grilling season, we're not the only ones who have a grilling range. And so – but we are the market leader and the Grill Mates range is a big part of our business at this time of the year. So the category was only up about 2%, we were only up about 1% in terms of spices and seasonings for the quarter, and we lost about 30 basis points of share.Although we are getting into a stronger position from a share gain standpoint, they're going to be some moving parts. I'd say that 30 basis points is not something that we are concerned about that we've had a good strong underlying trend. And I also want to point out that the unmeasured channels are not captured in that and we continue to have very strong growth in the unmeasured channel area that does not come through that consumption data.I'll also point out that private label also lost share. So there been a lot of concerns about private label in the market. Private label is becoming less and less of a factor. So that's not where that came in.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. As far as eating out trends, because this is a long-term trend, unemployment has been very low for quite a long time. I think that this cooking at home trend is more a characteristic of the millennial generation and is not being driven by economic factors, it's being more driven by a desire for more fresh food and a different kind of lifestyle. And so I think that the unemployment rate and I think that trend continues intact in the short, medium and long-term.
Lawrence Kurzius: And the retiree stock option exercises. I’ll add some color to that. So on China, that's a really good question, Ken. The slowdown – there is an economic slowdown in China as we all know. We suspect that the official figures are probably optimistic and that maybe the slowdown in China is even greater than it would appear from the government statistics that are released. I'm saying that as nicely as I can. And it is the case that we're seeing, the biggest impact in the restaurant sector.In China, our consumer business includes foodservice component, because they share a common distribution channel, particularly in the traditional trade and in the smaller markets and that foodservice related items are where we're seeing some impact, and anecdotally, we're certainly getting a lot of feedback from our organization in China that foodservice and restaurant sales that are slow. Over in our Flavor solution side of the business, our customers are more focused on core products as a result, because they're trying to drive value through the restaurant and bring people in.So I think that the economic conditions are having a greater impact on foodservice and restaurant consumption than on the true retail part of the business where our retails related items continue to show very strong growth and our e-commerce business, which is consumer-oriented continues to show really strong growth in that area.It was another compounding factor and that is this African swine fever, starting to show up as a meat shortage and rising meat prices in China, which puts cost pressure on the whole foodservice sector there, because of course that leads over to all the alternative and meats as well and with the resulting price impact to the consumer who is going through different foodservice outlets. So a little bit of a longish answer, but it is a more foodservice than retail.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Thanks, Alexia. Good morning. You just started your question, before we can say, hi. The Consumer Americas specifically, first of all, I don't want to apologize too much for organic growth that we're having there. Some of our peers are reporting right around us and see quite a differential between what we're reporting and what they are and I think that we did have solid organic sales growth and I don't want us to lose the thread – thought on that.But we are expecting a stronger second half to the year than the first half and I think that we've been trying to signal that all year along right from the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year and even in our remarks at the end of first quarter.Our marketing spend is deliberately skewed to the second half of the year, where it has the strongest ROI. Our new product launches in the first half, we get the benefit of that in the second half. We have more new products that we're launching in the second half of the year as well.We are going to be lapping some Americas anomalies in the fourth quarter that we don't expect to repeat. So overall, we are expecting higher organic sales growth in the Americas as we go through the second half.If I could shift gears over to the EMEA Flavor Solutions business, it's both. So this is a continuation of the strong trend that we saw in the first quarter. I mean that business – in terms of the constant currency growth, it's actually exactly the same as it was in the first quarter and it's driven by the same factors. We do have some new customer wins, but we also have strong growth with our existing customer base there.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll add to that a little bit, Rob and that is that this is linked also to our Global Enablement program, where we're simplifying our processes, aligning them globally, so we can centralize and definitely both enables us to be more agile and grow and then also does absolutely result in cost savings as we do get a benefit from that scale. So this is a technology enabling part of that Global Enablement project.As part of this, we're also – as a technology upgrade, we are making a migration to the next-generation of SAP S/4HANA. The whole industry is going to have to go to that. Some of us have, but most of us have not yet started that journey. It is if you doing it on a pretty brisk pace as we are in a minimum of a three-year project. SAP goes out of service in 2025. We want to be well ahead of that curve and see this as an opportunity rather than as a cost that we have to bear it down the road.
Lawrence Kurzius: Exactly, and so we're not – and the kind of acquisitions that we would look for would be consistent with what we've done and messaged in the past, great flavor businesses, great consumer brands that build our consumer flavor business, flavor solutions businesses that add flavor capability and capacity, and those would be the main areas and business that grow.
Lawrence Kurzius: Particularly that FX is going to be less unfavorable in the second half now. We tempered both of our remarks with the caveat that this is really kind of volatile environment and we're – but the FX outlook that we have right now, we should be getting into comparisons that are pretty closed year-on-year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. If I can jump in on that, so we're having really strong sales growth in our mix JV, and that's falling through to profitability. So the performance year-to-date there has been really good and we have a positive outlook on that. So we've – so originally our outlook on our JVs as a group was flat.We're in a pretty strong place right now and so we have a – it's a little bit of both. We have great results year-to-date and we expect that to continue and we also wanted to really call this out, because a lot of times we don't talk about the unconsolidated operations, but those are real operating results. We are not passive operators of our unconsolidated JVs, and just in the last few weeks, both Mike and I up and down there multiple times. These are businesses that we're actively engaged, and doing very well.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, I think that if I could, I know you said you had two parts. I'm going to just jump in and answer. I think the consumption that didn't happen, it didn't happen. It was that compression – this is also something that we've had discussions about with our customers as well so – and so there was a lost merchandising activity, the customers couldn't get their Easter promotions down fast enough to get the grilling promotion display materials up and – what the consumers didn't consume, because remember we talked about through the scanner that the Grill Mates, the grilling part of our seasoning business is the part that is slow. That's consumption that is – that's really lost.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I wouldn't say from CCI perspective, we have seen a large shift between costs of goods sold CCI or SG&A CCI. I think from a pricing perspective and a cost perspective, as we said in beginning of the year, this is a relatively benign environment for us, low single-digit cost inflation, and we've taken some pricing where we needed to do that this year, but it's a relatively benign side. So the CCI is able to work for us better to drop through to the operating profit margin.
Lawrence Kurzius: It's the shift Rob. It is going from capital to expense. If you notice and we talked about in the script, our capital range was $200 million to $220 million. We've shifted that down to $200 million now for the year. So capital is down, expense is up. Think about it that way.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Rob, probably you made a point about the sales growth being solid and look – took just to step back on the whole – overall picture, because like last quarter, this was really a solid, no drama quarter, we put together. Two pretty un-dramatic solid performances year-to-year.We had solid sales growth in this quarter, nearly 3% in constant currency, which compares very strongly to our peers and through the first half, a little over 3.5% on all of sales growth, constant currency, all of it organic.And as we've signaled all year, we expect a stronger second half. We've had good operating profit and growth and margin expansion. It's actually in line with our algorithm. And quarter-by-quarter, we're putting together a strong 2019. We're very confident in our outlook of the second half. I think – those are some really good points you raised.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thank you everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated with the broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth, growing in profitable business and operates in an environment that's changing at an ever faster pace.We're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a relentless focus on growth performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. Our second quarter financial results both across our Consumer and Flavor Solutions segment was strong. We have confidence in our fiscal year outlook and we're well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2019.
Michael Smith: Yes, I'll talk about - the change in operating profit guidance was really driven primarily by the shift from capital to expense in the ERP side of things. In the global economic environment, as you mentioned, it was a small piece of that, but I would just characterize things as volatile right now. I mean, we've talked about how we have mitigation plans for Brexit and EMEA. That's on-again, off-again. It's been longer than we would have thought at this point.We had the Mexico scare about a month ago, we have significant business down there, and we have a China slowdown and China had the slowest growth from a GDP perspective in 20 years in their first quarter. So it's really volatile now and we kind of consider that for our ongoing operating profit guidance for this year, but the real change versus our previous guidance is due to just a classification shift on ERP.
Michael Smith: Hey, Ken. It's Mike. I'll talk about the taxes. I mean, we've talked about this in the past, I mean you're right. Generally, we guide to an underlying tax rate based on regulations and things. It has got a bit volatile, the last couple of years when the accounting rules changed around stock option – discrete item, stock option exercises. And what we try to do is, lay out the underlying, and if there is discrete items like that happened that is a favorable to us and we've seen that through the first half of the year.I mean one of the things with our stock appreciation over the last couple of years, there has been significant stock option exercises, a lot by retirees, and that does also drive some unfavorable from an operating profit perspective and it puts more shares out there too. So isn't all something to drop to the bottom line from a tax perspective.But in the second half, you do the squeeze, 24% to 25% that is the underlying tax rate. And as we know with the guilty tax and other things that are still uncertain from the federal government, it could go either way. But I look to the past a bit, but we've had in the last year, real significant discrete items from stock options which may or may not continue.
Michael Smith: Hey, Rob, this is Mike. I mean, this is a three-year initiative and we're in year one of the three years. And we laid out the capital and expense portions of that that we'll realize over the three years. We did talk about the shift and it's really primarily a lot of our expense is happening in the second and third quarter of this year then it will shift to more of a capital side of things.But really we're focusing on this business transformation of ERP as it really a growth initiative. And it will give us efficiencies, no question as we standardize processes around the world, as we do things one way around the world. It's really to make sure we can focus our resources on growing business, bringing in acquisitions much easier.In the past as we brought in acquisitions, it's been tough and it takes a lot of effort from the organization. So I think that's something I just focus from a growth perspective as we continue to get more and more scale to be a bigger company. This is really in investment in our business to get us to the next level.
Michael Smith: As we move down towards the 3x debt-to-EBITDA, I think that's what we were saying, as we get closer to our commitment that allows us to start looking at acquisitions.
Michael Smith: I wouldn't say that's a trigger, but we've said we've always committed is that we're going to get to 3x by the end of 2020. And as we get – as we're closing in on that, we're not going to start working on deals once we get to 3x. Right now, we've got a debt-to-EBITDA ratio that starts with 3x, and we're on track to end up with – the back-end of the year, Rob, is a heavy cash flows. By the end of the year we'll be – we will be insight.
Michael Smith: No, I think about it in a bit of a couple of factors that are actually hitting us in the Flavor Solutions side. The transactional FX as you said, which has been hitting us in the last six months of last year and the first six months of this year. We'll get into more favorable FX comparison in the second six, so there should be an acceleration there.We're also as Lawrence mentioned in Asia, particularly China, as we're kind of a negative mix issue right now as the QSR's focus is more on their core products versus LTOs, Limited Time Offers. We make more margin obviously on Limited Time Offers. So – but we see that, again that ebbs and flows and as the economies recover, we think they will go back to more LTOs and we're actually seeing a little bit of that in some of the areas. So I see an acceleration of our operating margin on the Flavor Solutions side in the second half as this clouds go away.
Michael Smith: But it's something we planned internally everyone knows when Easter was going to hit. We've moved some advertising into the third quarter. You're going to see a nice up spend in the third quarter, which will continue to drive good consumption.
Michael Smith: And we have some ongoing discussions on price on specific items as well that are always in progress.
Michael Smith: Yes. Okay, that's fine. I mean, I can talk for hours about the accounting around this, but I won't. But it's – one of the things when we came into the year and as Lawrence talked about in the January call, we were starting to engage our system integrator to look at the scope of the project, the timing and we had an estimate of what the total cost would be over those couple of years.And based on what we knew at the time, based on the phases of the project and what is capital, what is expense from an accounting perspective. We took our best crack at it. Once the system integrator got it and put the plan together, we realized that, okay, there is a little bit more expense upfront than we thought a little less capital based on the work that they're doing on the ERP design, the implementation, all that sort of stuff. So that's what you see here. Total cost is going to be about the same. It's just the shift between the two based on the accounting rules and better [indiscernible].
Michael Smith: Yes. I think you've got the right, Rob. Remember the fourth quarter and the challenges, we're going to have really favorable mix in the back half over compared to 2018 based on what we saw last year. And the other thing that someone mentioned CCI – before CCI build during the year, so that does help margin also.
