Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaway on Slide 26. First-half results and volume performance in the Consumer segment demonstrate that we are making the right investments to drive long-term sustainable organic growth and reinforces our confidence. We are executing on proven strategies and investing behind our business with speed and agility and in alignment with consumer behavior, and capitalizing on our advantaged categories across segments. We're able to do this and continue to make great progress on managing costs, led by our cost saving programs to support our increased investments in the business and drive margin expansion. Our performance for the first half coupled with our growth plans give us confidence in achieving the mid- to high-end of our projected constant currency sales growth for 2024. Finally, I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their dedication and their contributions, and reiterate my confidence that together we will continue to drive differentiated results and shareholder value. Now, for your questions.
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning. Just to maybe open up with a couple of points to reinforce, we did have a good quarter and sales do continue to strengthen, which gives us confidence in that mid- to upper-end of our range. But this also includes that short-term weakness that we felt with Flavor Solutions in the quarter. I think one of the important things I want to make sure we get across is that we did drive volume growth in our global Consumer segment. And it does reflect kind of in many ways, I think that additional program that we talked about. We're also driving strong sequential volume improvement in Americas like you just called out in the Consumer business, and specifically in spices and seasonings, we delivered volume growth across all major markets and then included driving unit share growth in the US. So, we said this was a year of investment and we further executed those programs that we've been talking about. And at the same time, we still expanded margins. So, we're pretty pleased with the results at this point. It is a halfway point in the year and we do like the progress that we're making. If I were to add more context and unpacking those levers that we've been talking about on this call and in previous calls, a lot of it is, we did ramp up brand marketing in the first half and it wasn't just in the first quarter. We also saw a significant ramp up in the second quarter, too. And a lot of that investment was going more against our core categories to drive demand and support our initiatives. And we continue to expect healthy levels as we go into the second half of the year on brand marketing. New products was also a big part of that, too, in the first half and it contributed pretty meaningfully, especially a lot of that build happened in the second quarter. I would say, it was more pronounced in the second quarter than even in the first, just because of the build of getting items on shelf and beginning to ship them. And we expect to double that innovation when you compare the second half to the first half. So, that lines up nicely as we go into the balance of the year. And then, we expanded distribution in certain categories. Our new products are gaining strong retail acceptance. And so, that's obviously one of those levers that helps. And in terms of pricing in the second quarter, we activated many of our price gap management programs. And so, we expect this to continue into the second half, because we know the [uplift] (ph) with the performance that we're seeing from that, but it's still only a portion of our strategy. As we said before, it impacts about 15% of our Americas Consumer business, but it is yielding the results that we were expecting to get. And so, all of these growth levers are contributing and driving, I think, really healthy outcomes as we think about the performance of our business. So, by the way, we operate in great categories, too. So, the categories are performing well also. And so that obviously is a nice tailwind as part of that.
Brendan Foley: Yes, I think what drives our confidence is as we look at our business, at the brand and sort of the key category and unit level, we think the programs are having strong impact, coupled with where we think consumers are moving within the store and what they're doing. As people tend to when they feel like -- if you think about the inflation, food-away-from-home, we're definitely seeing people shift more to eating at home, and that certainly benefits our business as we've always mentioned. But as people shop the perimeter, I think they're looking for opportunities in terms of how they flavor their meals, and so that really does benefit our categories. When I think about broadly though, Peter, just the overall consumer outlook, it hasn't really changed a lot since our last guidance or even on our last call. I mean, we're pretty confident in our initiatives and we think they're working. But our outlook assumes the consumer is kind of where they are, or they have been like in the fourth quarter of '23 and the first half of '24. And so, we continue to take a cautious view on our outlook. I think that just reflects what might be uncertainty or inconsistency that we tend to see in the environment. But we believe even in that environment, we plan for our plants to kind of deliver this type of performance. So, we see the consumer moving around and shifting channels, that's definitely happening, and I think that pops up in the numbers, but it tends to benefit our business, whether it's in foodservice or whether it's at meals-at-home. We're flavoring all those occasions. So, we really believe that when we're -- as an end-to-end provider of flavor, we tend to benefit depending on wherever channel it shifts into.
Brendan Foley: I mean, I do think, Ken, we felt like we did have strong consumer performance and our investments are working and doing what we said we would do. And so that does give us confidence going into the second half and perhaps that's why you're hearing a little bit of confidence in our tone. But given how the first half performed, we expect those growth levers in the consumer part of our business to continue to operate and work well. As we said on Flavor Solutions, we expect sequential improvement versus what we saw in the second quarter, because there's many other things that I think as Mike said earlier in the questions here, it does give us confidence as we think about what how we might look at the Flavor Solutions business. But Mike, if you want to talk a little bit about what drives our prudence probably has to do with the back half is a big part of the year...
Brendan Foley: Alexia, thanks for the question. Good morning. I think as you think about the core of your question is that long-term outlook as you think about our customer space and portfolio of Flavor Solutions, I would go back to things that we've said in prior discussions. If we think about the Flavor Solutions business is constantly in activity of continuing to shape that portfolio to higher value-added products and technologies and customer base. So, as we continue to shape that portfolio, it continues to go in the direction of sort of our flavors business, which includes seasonings as we think about our portfolio. And in many ways, some of the fastest-growing areas of that portfolio happened to be the small, highly-innovative, emerging customers that are operating in categories that like performance nutrition or non-alcoholic beverages, where like this quarter, we continue to see real strength. That is a form of looking at how we diversify our customer base, but we're also operating where we think there are strong areas of growth. And these this really I think is kind of the central point that we've talked about is, we'll continue to shape that part of our -- the Flavor Solutions segment and that portfolio to that higher value-added sort of product and technology sale that we have. And this is, I think, what you see quarter-to-quarter is a reflection of that.
Brendan Foley: Just to add to that, Adam, when you look just like spices and seasonings and recipe mixes depending on how you're looking at data, the percentage is still small in terms of the percentage of that part of our portfolio that it's kind of receiving that sort of an effort. But let's also not forget, we have a broad program from in terms of increased brand investment, new items, increased distribution, et cetera. And so, we're driving volume growth, particularly even in -- I would say, certainly it's an accelerated area as a part of our portfolio that's driving unit volume growth. And so, we're seeing really good performance -- net performance from that.
Brendan Foley: Yeah, I don't know that -- Tom, as we look at it, we don't say we're making a call or projection on the industry as total. We kind of look at our customer base, and we understand their plans and programs, what might be innovation that's going to be launching soon, how they might be thinking about driving maybe an uptick in their own activity. And so that's really what drives I think our thinking is more specifically at a customer level as opposed to hearing us make a call and a projection on an industry. I don't know if you want to go deeper on that, but I think just to quickly kind of let you know how we think about it, that's what drives our thinking.
Brendan Foley: Well, I think let me just add to that, Tom. I mean, in Branded Foodservice though, I mean, just to give you some context around that, we are seeing nice performance there. I think that's a reflection of -- we operate in every segment of foodservice. So, it isn't just QSRs, it's fast casual, casual dining, independent restaurants, college and university, et cetera, et cetera. So, it's a very diverse sort of marketplace. As we look at that, we're doing really well in Branded Foodservice, because we're driving some really, I think interesting programming like with limited time offers with our brands like Frank's or we're growing share in a number of categories or performing well in spices and seasonings. We're getting more hot sauce on tabletops. That's what kind of drives, I think, our performance right now in Branded Foodservice, which operates a little bit differently than maybe the QSR part of the foodservice marketplace. So maybe that additional color might provide some additional things to think about.
Brendan Foley: Well, thanks for the question, Rob. If I go back and I think about that part of our portfolio, one of the important things maybe to reinforce, it's a smaller part of our business. But the declines, I think, as far back as like the fourth quarter of '23 were steeper. So, they're pulling down, I think, the overall view of the portfolio. And that's why we decided to make sure it was kind of called out, because as we are putting more focus in investment around what we would call those core categories, that was going to -- we felt that would offset that. As we move through the rest of the year, I think that we start to see those core categories start to overcome whatever declines might be experiencing there. To the consumer behavior context that you're asking about, we think that has a lot to do with, it could be the impact of inflation in the marketplace. I think that certainly can have an impact on that overall. And we're a relatively small player in a number of these areas. So, it's not as if we're operating with the type of scale and competitive leverage that others might be. So yes, we certainly see inflation hurting that. But also I think some consumer trends might have been shifting away a little bit from some parts of whether it'd be frozen or some Asian categories that we compete in. And so therefore, I don't know that they're necessarily suggesting a structural impact of change, but rather this is just a trend that we're working through. And it was we felt like we are going to experience it most of this fiscal year. So, I would share that as our context. What we're seeing in the primitive store is simply, you need to add flavor in a lot of these situations, whether it be protein or produce or carbs. Our category is going to play an important role in flavoring, or both of our categories rather. And so, we see consumer shifting there probably because they're looking for healthy eating. That's not a new trend and that's something that we think continues to fuel our business. So, I think it's probably where I'd keep it for right now today, Rob. And if there's any other clarification you want, let me know.
Mike Smith: Yes, that's no problem. I mean, we did say on the call, we are expecting some sequential improvement in the Q3 and Q4. There was -- we had talked about that a month ago, low-single digit to mid-single digit. So, we did come in at the low-single digit phase, which we're happy with. We're always happy with those results. As you get down into some of the customer activity timing, which we have more clarity to, some of the partnership that we're working with and getting more information on activities of customers, now some of those are second-half related, some will carry into 2025. So, we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but we feel good about where that sequential improvement we're seeing in addition to the great consumer performance that Brendan just alluded to.
Mike Smith: Yeah, absolutely. There's a number of factors that kind of impact the difference between our shipments and consumption. And just to give you some context around that, and maybe I'll just share with you three points to kind of consider. First of all, our consumption is strengthening. And if I were to think about how that progressed through the second quarter, I think more of it we saw in the back half of the second quarter than in the front half. So, that would reflect as we started to really get execution of our programs, in retail, we were seeing stronger consumption. So, it started to pull up. In Q2 across the total portfolio, we drove almost a full point of unit growth. And so that gave us reason to feel confident and that includes those declines in prepared foods that we talked about like the frozen and Asian category declines. But it was a substantial improvement from Q1 and driven by that increased programming. I think that is, to some degree, a condition of sales catching up to our performance on shelf. So, as retailers start to see, I think, our movement, we obviously expect sales to keep up with that. I would expect more strengthening to continue in the second half. The other condition that in the second quarter, I think it's important to call out is we were lapping increased shipments that came ahead of the 2023 pricing actions of the prior year. And we also had a similar condition in '22 compared to '23. So that did play a little bit of impact, I think, when we look at shipments versus consumption. And then, in terms of retailers, they're always looking to be more efficient. That's not new. It's always I think a focus of theirs. But overall, we are not seeing at this time any unusual activity. So, I think just to give you a little bit of context on consumption as an impact, what was going on in the prior year and then how our retailers behaving, I think that would be the perspective I would want you to think about with McCormick.
Mike Smith: As we think about where we are on the life cycle of the year, and we talked about Q2 being an important quarter for us, because it was the pivot quarter where pricing is -- we lose some of the protection of pricing, which we saw in the first quarter and last year, the shift of volume and particularly what makes us happy is that consumer volume going positive, which is great. There's some back-half assumptions on volume growth in Consumer, which were very -- we know the programs are working, but you still have to assume that the second half of the year is the biggest half and biggest quarter is the fourth quarter. So, while we're really pleased with the results, we realized the second half is important to continue that momentum and we believe we will. We're always looking at the guidance. I mean, you referenced tax, I'm kind of chuckling, because I think my first earnings call, we probably I think we had a big tax adjustment as similar and we talked about guidance for the year versus these things happen lumpily in the quarter or half. So, I'll take that one right off, 24% in the second half because our underlying rate is 24% to 25%, so that's roughly what we'll probably land. I mean, we do have the second half, if you think about built-in operating margin growth, we have volume growth, things like that. So, we feel like we've called it prudently. Obviously, if there's opportunities as things change, we want to keep our financial flexibility to make investments in some of these growth drivers that we're really seeing positive on. So, we want to have that flexibility, too. But I think we're really pleased going into the third quarter. We talked a bit about some of the consumer uncertainty, which impacts some of our Flavor Solutions business. We're always cautious there too, but I'd say we've called it pretty much down the middle with hopefully a lean in to the positive.
Mike Smith: I think, too, people sometimes forget the branded through service business, which really good margins and we like that portfolio and we're continuing to gain share. We keep coming up with opportunities. We talked about expanding McCormick Mayonesa into that category, things like that. So, there's really lots of opportunities on that side, which we like on the Flavor Solutions side. It's a diversified portfolio. That's I think the message and we continue to diversify and optimize and move toward more higher-margin product lines.
Mike Smith: Oh gosh, we could talk the whole earnings call on that one. It means, our CCI program has a long history of generating sustainable cost savings. We talked a little bit on this call about -- we're finalizing the transition to our new UK Flavor Solutions business in the second half, which will give us some tailwind into next year, which is great. But our CCI program -- we target all levels of the P&L. I mean, a lot of times programs will just look at cost of goods sold, raw material, things like that, which is an important part of our portfolio. We're looking at optimizing SG&A. A&P, when we talked about A&P a lot this year, we're actually spending A&P -- our guidance is high-single digits, but from an effectiveness perspective, we're actually spending low double digits and getting CCI savings as we optimize spend to touch more customers more effectively. So, those are examples everywhere along the P&L. I'd say, it's a program that's special because the ideas come from the bottom up in our organization as part of our culture to drive that, because we want to use it as fuel for growth, so we can drive the growth levers that we talked about this year at CAGNY and help drive that volume. So, I think there's a lot more opportunity and I look forward to Marcos helping drive that into the future, too.
Mike Smith: Well, I think in the back half, the guide implies almost like 5 basis points to 100 basis points and we say for the year 50 basis points to 100 basis points. So, we realized we had a really strong first half. As I said, pricing was large in the first quarter for us, that's going away into the second half. And the key is the volume growth. I mean, volume growth -- volume is great for a lot of things and it helps gross margin and mix and all that sort of stuff. So, I think we're comfortable with the guide we have. I wouldn't say right now I'd guide to the higher end at this point, but to give you all the reasons I said.
Mike Smith: Remember, some of the cost savings program we have like GOE was really first quarter into the second quarter. So, some of those are going away also. But it's still -- the trends we see in gross margin, the first -- the second half is higher than the first half traditionally, which is going to continue again, and we do see a nice trajectory there for gross margin over time as we continue our multiyear journey of getting back to kind of the pre-COVID gross margin levels.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I'll start. I mean, at the end of the day, the net sales guidance we gave for pricing and the results of what we showed, again, you have for the Consumer business for the second quarter was down a little under 1%, which we continue to see that in the second half. So that would suggest that the pricing actions we said we were going to do, the surgical pricing actions on a limited part of the portfolio, that's what shown up through net sales. Now what happens when that gets to shelf, that's a whole another story. And in addition to the things that we're doing on some of those items, there's other retailer actions that are happening too. Because as Brendan said before, this is a category -- our categories are growing. That's where people want to shop in more of the perimeter of the store. They're wanting to use products like ours to flavor these -- and manage cost inflation across protein and things like that. So, the retailers also are contributing to some of these things. We might not -- it might not be our price adjustments on items, that maybe other ones that they're seeing and operating in their stores too. So, I think there's a combination of factors that maybe skewing a little bit of the data you're seeing versus our internal kind of what we're actually reporting on these calls.
Mike Smith: Remember, going back to last year, we're lapping a really strong second half. A lot of the acceleration they've seen and great performance is really second-half focused last year. So, we're lapping a tough comp, I'd say.
Mike Smith: We've said it at the beginning of the year, I'll go back to that, I mean, one, we're really happy with the margin improvement we've experienced last year and we gave guidance for this fiscal year for the total company of about 80 basis points of OP margin improvement. And we said at the time, Flavor Solutions might be slightly ahead of that, but in the range of [0.8] (ph). Through the first half, Flavor Solutions was at I think at 80 basis points, so roughly around there. So again, we're always looking for improvement. I'd say that for the whole company, we're really comfortable with 50 basis points to 100 basis points. A lot of -- and as I said about a month ago, a lot depends on the volume numbers and the Consumer business continues to see volume growth that drives margin improvement. In Flavor Solutions, a bit of dip in the second quarter could put a little bit of pressure on margins, as I said, but we're expecting sequential improvement in Flavor Solutions. That's not going to be materially different than what we said at the beginning of the year, I'd say.
Mike Smith: Yeah, that was in the prepared remarks. We talked -- that was really in the reference in that section we're talking about pricing for the remainder of the year and similar segment trends -- similar company and segment trends for the remainder of the year. So, if you look at the pricing trends in Q2 versus prior year, approximately the same by segment and for total company.
