Mike Smith: Yes. On the tax question, Rob, we are still calling for 28% tax rate for the year. Year-to-date versus prior year we are around the same tax rate 26% due to those discrete tax items as we mentioned. We have adopted this new accounting for equity awards, which is introducing a lot more variability to timing of that and our underlying tax rate as we talked in the past is 29% to 30% with some of these discrete items for the year driving it down to 28%. But for the remainder of the year, unless there is other discrete tax items we will be in the 29% to 30% range, which would get us back to 28% at year end. The nice thing is having the tax rate year-on-year the same year-to-date. It really gives visibility to the strong growth from adjusted operating profit line and through EPS.
Mike Smith: I mean, we moved it from high to mid to high. So we broadened the range a little bit. Frankly, as we get into the year, we move things around. We have active CCI program. So, as we get more efficient at our marketing spend or this year we are getting more efficient nonworking capital. So, we are still spending higher than the rate of our sales. So, we still feel like we are investing in the brands to best of our ability. So we are okay with our marketing spend.
Mike Smith: Yes. From an acquisition cost perspective, we did have some significant cost in last year’s second quarter for Premier Foods. We have an underlying base of acquisition cost that flow through the company. And now as we have developed our game on the M&A side, we also though have had more integration costs in the second quarter compared to last year from Giotti. So, it’s not much of a savings year-on-year.
Mike Smith: Yes. And similar to the last quarter, for the year we are seeing cost increases are mid single-digits. And Alexia you asked the question last quarter about the FX impact in the second quarter and as you can see it came through our gross margin putting a little bit pressure there. As we have said last quarter this has been the most difficult quarter and we see easing over the next six months.
Mike Smith: I mean our guidance range is 4 or 5 to 4.13, so there is a rather large range and as I said before the A&P spend is broadening out. It’s not – it might be a couple of million dollars may be $0.01 a share. So it is not – I don’t think we have really moved FX though we did move on the top line from 2% to 1%, but at the operating profit line and at the EPS line we still kept to our last guidance it’s about a 2% impact bottom line. Remember we have an unconsolidated operation in Mexico, which is driving that with the peso devaluation. So I think we are pretty clear on where we stand.
Mike Smith: Maybe the way I would think of it is programs like this, our CCI initiatives, efficiency programs such as whether they are in the plans or other areas, when we set our program at CAGNY last year and remember we are only about 1.5 year into this setting that $400 million target, you don’t have line of sight to every program that you are going to have 3 years, 4 years down the path. So at this point, while we are very happy with the early indications on CCI, we have over delivered last year’s $100 million target and we feel real confident about this year’s. I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s going to be additive at this point, that’s something we get midway into the 4-year cycle. I think we take another hard look at whether things like this could be additive or not, but I would say at this point, because it is such a program that goes through 2019, I consider it part of the $400 million if you are modeling into that right now.
Mike Smith: Yes. Actually, this is Mike. I mean, as you think about a company like ours, which has grown up really regionally, so we have three regions. Over time, we put an SAP 15, 17 years ago over time. So, processes have developed at different levels. What we have been trying to do in MGE will be a continuation of building on our shared service foundation that we started in the U.S. about 15 years ago and expanded more into Europe in the last 3 or 4 years. If you can get your processes aligned, you can do things like new product introductions faster. So, I would say things like that. You could have a more unified you’ve got a customer service that’s quicker, because it might be in one region supporting whole region I suppose into five different time zones. So, there is things that as you do things one way you can be more efficient and you can service your customer much more effectively. And as our customers are more global now, we service big industrial customers around the world, it’s important to make sure as they are global, we service them. We have one face to them.
Mike Smith: Yes, Rob, this is Mike. No, you hit the main driver on the head. We did say that the second quarter would be the highpoint of the FX transactional impact. We see that easing into the second half. You heard Lawrence also say some of the additional pricing actions we have globally that will kick in fully in the second half. And as we said on the last call, our CCI this year was somewhat back loaded versus 2016 where it’s a little more front loaded. So, those three positive trends as well as the really strong new product platforms and products that Lawrence mentioned are going to help drive both the top line and the bottom line.
Mike Smith: Yes, this is Mike, Chris. For the full year, we still see the mid single-digits. There are pockets of ups and downs that we are taking care of either trade promotions are taking more pricing of certain commodities as Lawrence mentioned. But for the full year, we still feel good about that mid single-digit range. From a timing perspective, transactional – you see the translational impact year-to-date, it’s about 2.5% which we call out for constant currency purposes, but underlying transactional, you mean the first half of the year post-Brexit, you saw what the pound, the euro that really makes it a hard year-on-year comparison in that first half of the year as our foreign units are buying in U.S. dollars, these spices and herbs. So, we see that easing a lot in the second half and that’s going to contribute to our gross margin being up on a year-on-year basis in the second 6.
Mike Smith: Yes. I would consider at this point we are only 1.5 year into the $400 million program. So, yes, I would consider it at this point within there.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, on a reported basis, sales are up actually 3.1% and advertising and promotions up 3.1%. We are at the rate of underlying sales growth.
Mike Smith: Yes. And we do have some investments in the grilling program. You might have seen some of our grilling TV already in the U.S.
Mike Smith: Adam, this is Mike. I mean, the gross margin impacts really hit industrial hard than we have large European operations – a lot of manufacturing in the UK, for example. So, in the second quarter, the impact was significant on them.
Mike Smith: Yes, gross margin – it was the currency transaction, sorry. From a Giotti perspective, we love that business. But as I mentioned before, we have integration costs in the first 6. So that we have said for the year, there should be no impact overall. But for the first 6, we have had to integrate that business. That’s a little bit of a drag on the gross margin and industrial at this point.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, thanks Ken. That’s a great question. Of course, we are thinking a lot about the impact of Amazon, the Amazon and Whole Foods deal on the industry as a whole, but I am sure as I am sure everybody is. And you do have it exactly right with Amazon we have got a terrific relationship. We have resourced them at a really high level. Actually, there is only one customer that has a larger account team behind it. And a lot of those people have very specific skills for that channel of trade. A year and a half ago we were the grocery supplier of the year. And we think we have a lot of momentum. I am sure somebody will ask it sometime on the call. So, I will just put it out there that our pure e-commerce channel business is growing at a very strong rate. We did not quite hit triple-digits this quarter with our U.S. business, but we are not far off of it, so tremendous growth. But on the flipside of that at Whole Foods, we were very underrepresented. Some of our secondary brands are in distribution at Whole Foods like kind of our regional favorites like OLD BAY, our Asian product is Simply Asia brand and Thai Kitchen brand are well represented. But in the heart of our category, we are pretty light. So, yes, we do think that this probably has more opportunity for us than risk. And we think we are really well positioned based on our relationship with Amazon.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, I will say that we have a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities, but I really don’t want to say anymore than that at this point. Mike, you want to…
Lawrence Kurzius: Mike you didn’t mention about the tax benefit that we got in the quarter was the benefit that we anticipated and we talked about this at the beginning of the year. And we just didn’t know the timing of that. So it doesn’t change our outlook for tax on the year. We just didn’t know what quarter that would fall into. So there really isn’t anything incremental. I will echo what Mike said we have pretty wide range still. It is early in our fiscal year, our biggest quarters of the year, our fourth quarter and third quarter. So we are still looking at the biggest part of our year ahead of us. And I think it will be premature for us to change or any kind of guidance on the bottom line at this point with so much of our years still ahead of us.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I will also just mention that the sales growth of course is stronger than the second half than in the first half that’s muted really by the first quarter where there were number of factors that came into play that we thought were temporary in nature. That’s actually proven to be the case. We are sitting here this quarter, with over 7% constant currency sales growth. And that gives us a lot – that strong top line is performance we expect to continue. And so that gives us a lot of confidence in the second half operating profit.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I am not going to say everything is fine. Getting pricing is not easy. If we were trying to go out there with a blunt-force broad price increase the way people did it in the old days. I would say we have a lot of troubles with getting that through. And with our customers, we have done a lot of work over the last several years around price elasticity and category analytics. And our price increase is really not just this – not this year, but last year, the broader price increases that we took were really quite well supported by data that involves what we got net price increase as some items went up, some items went down, it did result in a net increase to us and it was a rationale case that could be presented to retailers. This year, our pricing action has really been driven by the underlying commodities, has been fairly narrow and narrowly focused on the items that are big movers. Again, the biggest impact has been vanilla, where there is a well-recognized worldwide shortage of vanilla. Our retailers are experiencing price increases on vanilla, not just from us, but from all suppliers, when suppliers have supply to even offer. And so the situation on vanilla has been relatively unique to that commodity and maybe it makes McCormick a little bit of a special case on this.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, I will say that we have a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities. We always bring a financial discipline to the work that we do in this space. And so as part of that financial discipline, we build a business model and that reflects not just the kind of the modeling elements around financing, but also the prospects for the business and objective attractiveness of the market in which it’s operating. And so all of that would be factored in. We have said that we have a broader and bigger ambition for acquisitions and that is still the case. And as far as size goes, we have said that we would be willing to and we have demonstrated the willingness in the past to stretch to acquire important strategic assets and that would continue to be the case, but I don’t really want to get too specific about anything beyond that right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I know we have hardly talked about Giotti at all on this call or in our remarks, but I will just add that our experience has been these acquisitions that we have done in the industrial space that have brought new technology into the business and new capabilities, and in particular, new flavors, talent have proven to be really great adds, just Giotti is going to be a tremendous contributor to the growth of our flavor business in Europe and Asia.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I mean, for the full year, just like we have for the whole business, each of the segments we think are going to be 5% to 7% constant currency growth. You will have ups and downs, especially in industrial of new product launches of our customers ebb and flow, but to have really we have broad-based growth across industrial this quarter with North America, up 8%, Europe was up 10% underlying growth which is great, but again, it is a little bit variable, so you have to be cognizant of that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone for your questions and for participating in today’s call and my apologies to the callers that we didn’t get to today. Kasey Jenkins will be available to take your questions all day long. She is delighted to as a matter of fact. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, a growing and advantage business platform. We are continuing to capitalize on the global and growing consumer interest in healthy flavorful eating, the source and quality of ingredients, and sustainable and socially responsible practices relied with the increased demand for great taste and healthy eating and we are confident in our growth plans, with a steadfast focus on growth, performance and people. We are building value for our shareholders and we are well-positioned to deliver strong financial results in 2017.
