Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 26. Our third quarter sales performance reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio and the effective execution of our strategies against the backdrop of a volatile operating environment. Our sales growth momentum is strong. Though challenges in our supply chain have taken longer to normalize, we have now passed an inflection point. We have begun to recover the cost inflation that has been outpacing our pricing actions while executing on a plan to aggressively eliminate supply chain costs, and we expect 2022 fourth operating margin expansion and continued improvement into 2023. Our long-term performance, including through periods of volatility and has been industry-leading and long-term fundamentals that drove this historical performance remains strong. We have a proven track record of execution and are confident we will successfully navigate this dynamic environment for our future sustainable growth and build long-term value for our shareholders. Now let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think that there's always some tension when you're talking about pricing and margins with customers. And so I don't want to get into anything with any one specific customer. But right now, all of our customers recognize that inflation is ongoing, and we continue to have, I'd say, productive pricing discussions with our customers. We just did take another round that is effective here at fourth quarter. And we're really not seeing that kind of push back right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I think particularly on the Flavor Solutions side of the business, we have - we still have more work to do.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, all of this is incremental to our normal CCI program are using the processes and the organization Alpha Drives or CCI program to actually execute on these. This is incremental savings that we are and although some of the - you know I would characterize as a one-time take out the - it goes straight to run rate. These are incremental costs that we have incurred due to extensive search capacity, some of the things we talked about in our prepared remarks. So overtime, temporary labor and efficient shift, excessive use of CO-packers, a lot of premium transportation charges, we do expect to get that out of our system, get back to our pre-pandemic operating standards. And we would expect - while this is a one-time takeout, it goes straight to run rate.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I think that stumble is the wrong way to characterize it. I think that we're a bit of a victim of our own success. We've won a lot of new business, and we prioritized keeping our customers in stock and supplying them. And that has put a lot of pressure on our supply chain in a few areas and we've got projects underway to address kind of a normalization of production and through capacity additions. Some of these wins are substantial, and we've had real brick-and-mortar projects that take a couple of years to put into place that are coming online right now and that are going to get at a lot of the extraordinary costs. There's some parts of our business, the 24/7 shifts that we've gotten out of most of our business, we're still doing that in a lot of our that's why I wouldn't say a lot in parts of our Flavor Solutions business, and that is a less efficient ship pattern even though it does get you some capacity to be an example of expensive surge capacity. But we've got new seasonings capacity coming online in the Americas, some of it now, so some of it in the first - early part of 2023. We're starting up a new flavor solutions plant in the U.K. We've got expanded distribution that that's shipping really starting to ship right now. And so I think that we've got a lot going for us in Flavor Solutions to support that strong growth in a more efficient way. As a margin issue on Flavor Solutions, partly is just the way our contractual arrangements work with our customers, there is a pass-through mechanism for the major raw materials that go into their products. There's a lag to it. In times when inflation was 1%, 2%, 3%, that lag really wasn't important. But this year, where it's been double-digit, it has been important. And we are going to catch that up.
Lawrence Kurzius: I was just going to say, Mike, one thing I would add there, Rob, is the composition and the profile of our business is so different to 2005. And this - our strategy to keep driving and evolving the business towards that higher value-added portfolio is what you're seeing in our business portfolio today. And so there's a very different, I think, set of conditions compared to the point you referenced. And we have done a lot of portfolio pruning behind the scenes as we - especially as we went through these last three years, where the extraordinary growth that we have in the parts of the business that we're focused on more than made up for parts of the business where we were getting out of low-margin high-touch businesses. And I think it's been a self-reinforcing strategy. The migration of our business more and more towards the value-added, technically insulated and flavor end of the spectrum has made our product wins stickier and our R&D teams more able to work on new business not focused on constantly re-winning bid business.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd rather describe it more in terms of our gross margin trajectory than to talk about pricing too specifically because I'm worried that it's going to get into things that might have set our customers. But you can see the margin trajectory on this business beginning to turn. We talked about an inflection point. Flavor Solutions margins have been ticking down through the second quarter of the year. They're turning - the year-on-year comparison has narrowed in the third quarter and we expect it to continue to narrow and begin a recovery as we go through next year.
Lawrence Kurzius: I would say - I mean, from a - you're always going to have some of these programs to say that. So, you're always going to have some of this, I think this year is kind of a high watermark that we should get some get in next year. But some of these programs take a bit of time to get fully, fully done. These are big programs. I mean the project we just shipped our first panel that’s marked down out of our big Northeast distribution center, but we want to move over time into 2023. We'll be moving parts of our business into that. So, there'll be a bit of inefficiency there. But...
Lawrence Kurzius: Like I said, we've preannounced, we haven't closed our books yet. So these are all estimates and we felt pretty good where we landed. There was a couple of things. Tax came in a little bit more favorable at about penny, some other SG&A things came in a little bit more favorable, but nothing material…
Lawrence Kurzius: We had a little bit more visibility on the sales versus profit and between Q3 and Q4, there's a little shift.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, of course, it was a factor weighing on profit in the quarter end and has been all year. Again, every customer has got to sell different contractual arrangements. I think about a quarter lag is a good way to think about it. But remember, costs keep coming in. I mean we didn't just get cost inflation on January 1 and price for it. These costs have been steadily increasing all year, and in fact, continue to increase. The inflationary outlook has not settled. So there's been a bit of a - we've gotten - we've passed costs there, but there's been a bit of chasing it as new as costs have continued to go up. I'm going to let Brendan comment on this a little further.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think you've got - I'm going to try and unpack that in pieces. We have been guiding all year. And it - and you can see it coming through now and not just in our reported numbers, but also through the scanner. But we would have more pricing in effect in the second half of the year, especially going into the fourth quarter than we have - than we did in the early part of the year. We've - in the Americas this year, taken a number of rounds of pricing that included the most recent one being here right at the beginning of the fourth quarter. And so there is more pricing in effect now about our consumer business primarily there. And so you can see that coming through now. And really, other than the contractual windows that we were just talking about in Flavor Solutions, we largely have our actions for this year in place and we're looking ahead to 2023 now. I think that in Asia, we've got one more round that goes into effect actually this month. But really, our 2022 actions are away. And I gave such a long answer to that, but I forgot the second part of your question, but I'm going to let Brendan answer it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I would say that our supply situation on the consumer business going to holiday is the best it's been in the last several years.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Andrew, no one has asked that yet. So I'm glad that you did not only a very short time since we preannounced. And so we don't have a lot of new information on consumer behavior or on retailer behavior. I'll let Brendan give some color on that, and then I'll take it back.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And Andrew, it isn't exactly what you've asked, but it gives - give me a chance to talk about this a little bit. I want to emphasize that we have in our offering items for every price point and every retailer strategy and category from the premium end all the way down to opening price points and private label. And we spent a fair bit of time talking about the consumer that's under pressure and rightly so, we are concerned about pressure on the consumer, especially, the consumers on the lower half of the income spectrum. And we want to make sure that our products are accessible and approachable, but gourmet and premium end of our business is still very strong. And sometimes those price gaps can be exaggerated. And Brendan mentioned large size and super deal. The Nielsen data is a pretty blunt instrument when it reports unit price. It doesn't catch the fact that some of these value packs are really big and carry a high price point. If you adjust that out, the lower size packs that are growing strongly for us and that price gap actually narrows quite a bit.
Lawrence Kurzius: So I will start with the caveat that we're not going to give any guidance for 2023. Right now, I've got - everyone is standing around here with - holding their breath - if I'm going to say something rash about that. But - so it is a bit early for that. And I appreciate saying confidence in the investment community that's reflected in those consensus outlook. But there are some big puts and takes. I'm going to let Mike talk about those.
Lawrence Kurzius: You know, certainly the pick of the part of it that was weak. We had strong performance on Flavor Solutions in that segment across the globe and really all segments. I'm sorry, I'll that's not to say all regions and all of the pieces of it. Well, maybe a little bit out maybe we did talk about a month ago. I mean some of the challenges on Flavor Solutions this year were cost related to plaque constraints. We could have sold more. We could have had higher volumes than you noted. So, I think from that perspective, some of the actions we've talked about it more capacity will help. But the demand is very strong and is very strong.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, I don't think that's what we're saying at all. And I think we've quantified the cost benefit, but I don't think that there's an impact on volume at all. I mean this is a normalization and that we went through this year. And I don't think that has an impact. Now of course, we kind of don't want to get into 2023 guidance. But whatever - that would all be reflected in whatever guidance we give for next year. And I do want to emphasize that we've spent a lot of time talking about supply chain in our remarks and on the Q&A here. But you know, I do want to be clear that what's the most important thing I'm glad you really brought this point up about volume, is that the continued growing demand for flavor and the strong growth of our business that we're fueling with executing on our strategies, and with our passionate and engaged employees is the most important thing. Inflation is a reality and our pricing has caught up with it, we're seeing that coming through in the margin sale, you can see it, you know, see us keep caught up and take the actions that are necessary. And then comes supply chain, that's really kind of the third most important thing, which is to eliminate the excessive costs and inefficiencies that have crept into the supply chain. So I do want to keep that in perspective, that growth is still at the top of the heap.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great, thank you. McCormick's alignment with consumer trends and the rising demand for flavor in combination with the presence and reach for global portfolio and our strategic investments, provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We're disciplined in our focus on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long term strategies actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from a relative strength. We continue to be well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long term value for our shareholders.
Mike Smith: I think the reality, Ken, is we're still recovering. Our pace of pricing has caught up now with cost and we say, we'll recover dollar to dollar in 2023. But there is a trend that is going in the right direction. And obviously, as we look at 2023, we look at what's the cost environment, things like that, we need to go again next year, but that's still -
Mike Smith: I think remember, we've talked about this before, over half of the dilution this year is due to the cost versus pricing. So that's just the math that we'll get back over time. Also, these projects, Lawrence mentioned, there's a lot of double running costs as we bring those big projects up like U.K., Peterborough that eventually will go away. So that will help the margins, too. To your point, though, about - are we spread too thin? I actually have to flavor division back in 2005 when that was identified, there's no comparison to today. It's really focus and Lawrence, why don’t you…
Mike Smith: I would say - I wouldn't - I think the bigger bucket is actually some of the excess costs that we've talked about, and which actually would have driven more sales if we could have supplied it. But the excess cost that we - for the reason we called down our preannouncement was we haven't been able to get those out of the system yet. Yeah, pricing is a bit behind, I mean, the thing that gives us the comfort that we're going to recover more margin Flavor Solutions is because we've seen it in Consumer. The Consumer is turning positive from a gross margin and an operating profit perspective as pricing wave comes through, and you'll see the same in Flavor Solutions. But I don't have the exact number for you.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think from a dollar perspective, like I said before, for both Consumer and Flavor Solutions business, we will catch up on the cost next year. We just took branded foodservice, that's supported labor solutions along with our consumer business at the beginning of the quarter, that will be a positive going into next year rapidly. So yes, there's no like one thing bag you catch up. It's over time, but in 2023, we will catch up.
Mike Smith: And I want to just emphasize that the things that we talked about on the call in terms of getting out the - on our prepared remarks in terms of getting at the cost for example. So, I don't want to overly focus on any one particular thing and give it too much weight. We were sharing examples and when we next report in January, we'll be able to give some progress updates on those exact examples as well as for other actions.
Mike Smith: Yes. Obviously, a big wild part for next year is the inflation environment. So we're in the process now actually rolling up budgets and things like that, taking a look that drives pricing actions. Obviously, some of the other puts and takes you think about interest expense. Obviously, some of the actions we took this year might be a negative for next year. This cost pro we talked about, which we're going to give you a lot more detail in January. So I'd say, right now, there's so many big moving parts, it would be hard even to give you any guidance about.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, SG&A, you're right, it's going to be down in the quarter, and it's primarily driven by the incentive comp. We're also getting higher fixed cost leverage, too, as you think about it, but - yes.
Mike Smith: I mean we adjust incentive comp every quarter, so I wouldn't take one quarter to then try to extrapolate the next year.
Brendan Foley: Well, it's true. I think just the thing I would key in on is there is unlike, let's say, our consumer and our Flavors - our branded foodservice business, there's not sort of one moment in time where that pricing is, therefore, effective in the business. And so that's another way to maybe think about it, Chris. And I think just to build on part of your question, certainly, supply chain, as we've been talking about quite a bit in the prepared remarks, we're certainly an influence on how we're looking at that. 
Brendan Foley: So I think where you were going was just looking for some context around promotional spending. And I think the context we would provide is as we go into the holiday, we feel really good about our supply. We have a strong program planned for the holiday season as we would every year. But it certainly feels, I think, a little bit more robust now compared to, let's say, 2021 and 2020 just because we're in a better situation from the standpoint of the overall context in the market. So, we are turning back on promotions where we feel really confident about supply, and we're looking at the holiday season that way. Those choices are not necessarily connected to any pricing decisions we're making in the market, but really to support of the business. And helping to drive the category for our retailers.
Brendan Foley: Yes, I think, Andrew, things are largely consistent with what we had discussed or shared broadly within the last four weeks. So, we haven't really seen a lot of new information or data. They seem this price gap seem to be kind of holding in the very same range that we talked about before. And - but we still are a leading supplier of private label into the category and we're passing those price increases along to customers just as we have on branded products and that's a retailer-by-retailer decision, I think, on what gets realized itself. But in the meanwhile, we're still driving a lot of that value programming that we had talked about whether it's not only our messaging, but also we're seeing a lot of lift in some of those parts of our portfolio that tend to drive more value. We offer - our offerings are really across the spectrum that would meet consumers' needs. And we're seeing growth on the premium end, we're seeing growth on the value end. In parts of our business like Gourmet Garden, which tend to be on the premium end, are actually doing really well in this context. And then we see our value sizes like super deal performing very strongly, also off shelf and in the market. And then we're introducing more value into the market through this opening price point worries program. And we're also doing that in other parts of our - in other markets around the world where we're - and many of them were launching re-sealable pouches that are larger than usual and allow consumers to kind of realize more value that way. But that's probably the added context I would share since the last month.
