Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's first quarter financial results and our current outlook for 2015. We've posted a set of slides to accompany our call at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; Lawrence Kurzius, Chief Operating Officer and President and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President Finance Capital Markets and CFO North America. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency which we formerly referred to as local currency. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release and the slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce Brooks: This is Joyce. That's right, in our initial guidance of 4% to 5% growth in adjusted operating income, that had about two percentage points of currency implied in there. So the constant currency growth rate was 6% to 7% which continues to be. 
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Alan. And I’d also like to thank those who joined us this morning. If anyone has additional questions regarding today’s information you can reach us at 410-771-7244. That concludes this morning’s conference.
Alan Wilson: Thanks, Alexia. We are encouraged by the trends that we’re seeing. We still have a lot of work to do. There's still a pretty fragmented category and merchandising support for a number brands continues but we’re encouraged by the progress that we are seeing. 
Alan Wilson: Yes. We feel like our stories are gaining some traction but we know it's going to be a fair bit of time to really see all that come through. 
Alan Wilson: Yes. We’re still seeing competition at the value segment as well. And as we segment consumers there is a gourmet consumer who really cares about the products that they put in their food and understand the difference and origins in spices and so that's what we’re targeting with the gourmet consumers. So it's not necessarily helping on the value end. The work that we’re doing at retail on price thresholds and absolute price points, are where we’re combating value side. 
Alan Wilson: We’re still seeing the dynamic with the mix because of some value products that we continue to supply and we expect that that's going to continue. But what we are doing is showing a category profitability story on key items that – where prices are pretty sensitive and working with the customers on getting those prices right. It is a kind of a store by store and customer by customer negotiation but we have a very compelling category story which is what we’re outselling.
Alan Wilson: Well in some cases it’s making sure that they have the prices right to compete in their marketplace, because their competition with other retailers has them a little bit out of whack. So that’s part of the story. The other is just reapplying some of the trade funds that we already have and getting on to the products that are more price sensitive.
Alan Wilson: I wouldn’t expect any nonrecurring events that is going to move the dial significantly. But remember what you see in Nielsen and we have --I know that the investment community has a real focus on spices and seasonings, we’re growing share and growing the recipe mix category. That is certainly a help. We've got a number of channels that aren’t necessarily captured at their site. So while we want to see the Nielsen, the IRI data in spices and seasonings to improve and we have seen some of that sequentially it doesn't capture the whole picture. 
Alan Wilson: I think I would echo that Gordon, we’ve been very clear that the cost impact from the higher raw materials impact us immediately from the beginning of the year of the cost reduction activities, the cost improvement activity that we’re highly confident in, phases in as we go through the year. We also emphasize that we took no list price decreases or conducted any extraordinary promotions in this quarter, the change in the margin structure is strictly related to the impact of cost and a minor contribution from product mix.
Alan Wilson: Yes, the local competitors are going to have the same issue because spices and seasonings are mostly priced in US dollars. So part of what you'll see is the pricing change to reflect the impact of raw materials on currency. We feel pretty good about our ability to execute in the UK and – I am sorry in EMEA. 
Alan Wilson: And obviously because of the fragmented competition that we have, it's a mixed story. But our larger competitors have announced price increases as we’ve gone into the year both on the industrial and the consumer side because they are seeing the same level of commodity cost increases that we are.
Alan Wilson: Our quick service business in the Americas is pretty broad to a number customers but there are couple of customers that are large enough to have an impact. And those larger customers as they’ve reported have been struggling somewhat with foot traffic and sales and that impacts us as well. We are gaining with some of the smaller quick service restaurants and we feel pretty good about that .But it's not enough to offset the very large chains that are well-publicized and their challenges. 
Alan Wilson: We expect it to be in our guidance for -- not giving early guidance but we expect that to be a full year impact for 2016 because the costs that we’re taking out are coming out now. 
Alan Wilson: There is the benefit right now of the low interest rate environment so that is -- and I am assuming that some sellers are anticipating that’s going to change in the not-too-distant future. So it’s an optimum time, if you’ve got a business that’s got good traction that maybe needs and as we've seen with the businesses we have been able to buy that need a little investment for growth because there is growth opportunities, now is pretty good time. They are probably also looking and seeing as we have that multiples are attractive for a seller, a little more challenging for a buyer but as we've always done we’ve been pretty financially disciplined to make sure we get the returns that we expect. But it's a pretty robust environment for the kinds of deals that we like to do right now. 
Alan Wilson: Yes, we do see adding more adjacencies in our businesses both in consumer and industrial. And so we see these opportunities and we’re little mixed on the smaller brands at least in the quarter. So we had good traction in some of the smaller brands and some that still have some level of challenge. I will say that as we talked about Grill Mates, we are aggressively pursuing an earlier grilling season this year and we feel like we’re getting the kind of traction that we expect. Last year grilling – our grilling promotion started closer to Memorial Day, we’re getting them out a lot earlier this year. 
Alan Wilson: I want to thank you for your questions and for participating in today's call. Consumer demand for flavor is increasing and our categories have strong growth rates. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and ideally aligned with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine and bold tastes and we’re driving growth through innovation, brand marketing and acquisitions. In 2015, we stepped up our cost reduction activity and we will continue to pursue ways to improve our productivity and profit as we continue to grow. We look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress in the upcoming quarters. 
Gordon Stetz: I will start with total company. On a total company basis, product mix was neutral to our results. The gross margin impact was driven, as I said, by the increased raw material cost and the timing of our savings programs coming in and our pricing actions. On the consumer division, the raw material cost increase was still the primary story although there was a slight negative product mix as well within consumer but this -- again the bigger story on the quarter for both segments was the raw material cost increases. 
Gordon Stetz: No, that those are the two key items. Obviously this year as we mentioned is the story of raw material price, or cost increases. So the cost reductions are going to be meaningful as we progress through the year and as you’ve seen us talk earlier that we’ve stepped up our game in that respect. So therefore they’re going to have a bigger impact as we progress. And obviously volume growth is key to leveraging our scale and that is a good start to the year as you saw on our results and we would need to continue that momentum.
Gordon Stetz: There is no change. In the fourth quarter call, we also highlighted pension as another impact that got us to that 7% to 9%. So excluding in constant currency and excluding the impact of the increased benefit costs, EPS growth is – was 7% to 9% and still at 7% to 9%. 
Gordon Stetz: This is Gordon. As we mentioned in the call, it’s driven by great performance from our joint venture in Mexico. As we talked in previous calls, there is a new facility that has been ramping up and improving productivity. The sales growth there in the market has been strong and they have been very good in managing their cost positions. So all of that has contributed to some very very strong growth in the first quarter. We don't expect that pace of growth as we continue through the rest of the year and the reason for that is the impact of currency on a go forward basis on that business. So we do expect moderating growth in that area, especially as we get towards the back half of the year where their performance was also very strong and we start to lap that.  End of Q&A
