Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to close with our key takeaway on slide 23. First quarter results in our volume trajectory demonstrate that we are making the right investments to drive long-term sustainable organic growth and reinforces our confidence. We are executing on proven strategies and investing behind our business with speed and agility and in alignment to consumer behavior, and capitalizing on our advantage categories across segments. We are able to do this and continue to make great progress on managing costs, led by our GOE and CCI programs, to support our increased investments in the business and drive margin expansion. Our performance for the quarter, coupled with our growth plans, give us confidence in achieving the mid-to-high end of our projected constant currency sales growth for 2024. Finally, I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their contributions and reiterate my confidence that together we will drive the profitable growth reflected in our 2024 outlook. Now, for your questions.
Brendan Foley: Well, thanks Andrew for the question. Maybe just to open up with, a couple of remarks that I think drive at the heart of your question. We did have a strong quarter. We drove a little bit more on sales, which does give us confidence to be in that mid to upper half of our range. And I think importantly, we accomplished the things that we said we would do, and we made a lot of good progress. We drove sequential improvement, volume improvement in our core categories, especially on spices and seasonings. We said this would be a year of investment, and we were able to quickly execute the programs that we intended to get out in the market. That was an example of increased brand marketing, new product launches are performing well from 2023, and that targeted price gap management execution, and at the same time, we did expand margins. So we are pleased with the results, yet it is the start of the year, and it's our smallest quarter as you called out, and so we're keeping it in perspective. But this is strong progress, and so I think that gives us some of that confidence going into the rest of the year. As we noted on the call or probably as you expect, our pricing assumptions haven't changed. So this doesn't imply that volumes are improving as we go through the year. We have targeted investments, and we continue to expect to improve those volume trends as the year progresses and to drive volume growth during the second half of the year. We're focused on what we can control, and we're confident in those initiatives that we've called out, and hopefully you've heard the proof points that we've cited. We don't necessarily guide by quarter or segment or region, but we can provide some additional color in that. From the segment level, we'd expect those volumes to be relatively similar. We see that same volume growth in both segments in the second half, and as we did call out, the Flavor Solutions volume does fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, so that's something that we still expect to see across our business, largely attributed just to customer activity. But we do feel like there is a lot of good momentum, I think that we've established. The drivers of what's delivering this, we made substantial investments in the first half of the year on increased brand marketing. So it already happened in Q1. We expect to do some more of that in Q2. We also have new product launches coming out in 2024. For instance, we called out that flavor maker line that's going into bricks and mortar or we have a lot of Frank's innovation coming out in the marketplace as we lead into the grilling season, and we're really quite pleased with our category management and renovation across our portfolio. So I think that would speak to our confidence in the year as we continue to move forward.
Brendan Foley: Let me give more context around Q1, and then that might also help provide sort of a foundation for how to think about the year to go. The volume decline of 2.6% in the Americas for Q1, it was really coming through two key factors. One is that DSD exit that we've spoken about quite a bit over the last four quarters. So that definitely was one of the drivers of that 2.6%, and then that decline in the prepared food categories as we noted on the call. So, if you exclude those two factors, volume growth in Consumer Americas would have been flat to slightly positive. So I think that's kind of a, helps to sort of set a foundation for how we think about the year to go. Also, in our key categories in Q1, growth in spices and seasonings and recipe mixes was pretty healthy. It was offset by declines in mustard and hot sauce. So, that's other context I think we would provide against Q1. As we look forward to the year, we expect volumes to continue to sequentially improve and drive volume growth as we get into the second half. So, that would probably be the best perspective I could provide on that.
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question, Max. Yeah, as a reminder, the proactive discontinuations over the course of the last two years make up roughly 50% of the TDP losses that we experienced. So just a reminder, as background on that and then of the TDP that we lost really due to supply, we've recovered really quite a bit of it, not entirely all of it, but a lot of it. I think the context, I would add on top of that in terms of what we're seeing right now, across our core categories, we're really making pretty good progress. So, for example, just on recipe mix, our total distribution points were up again in Q1 and at this point, we probably have the highest TDPs that we've seen in that category, probably compared to the last three or four years, and our share of TDPs is really quite healthy and strong. On hot sauce, again our TDPs were up in Q1, and we have the highest total TDP points on that business too, in the last three years. Mustard, similar situation, TDPs were up again in Q1, and we have the highest total TDPs and on that one, the share of TDPs in the last three years. So, a number of those categories, we feel like we're doing quite well and progressing quite nicely, up against this. In spices and seasonings, we're also making pretty good progress. In about five of our top six segments, we're seeing TDP growth. Broadly right now, TDP shares is flat for us, but we expect that to improve as we go through the year. A lot of these resets, when you think about any category or mostly that tend to happen in the middle of the year. We think towards the end of Q2, those will start to reflect on shelf. So I wouldn't say for all of Q2, but definitely as we go into the back half of the year, we think there'll be more full reflection of the gains that we think we've won.
Brendan Foley: Yeah, Adam I'm happy to provide more context on spices and seasonings. Just maybe speaking first to broadly what we saw in the industry, I think through the first quarter. As our prepared remarks noted, if you think about what appeared to be a very sort of challenging, difficult Q4, we started to see more center of store improvement compared to Q4 broadly, and maybe that came at the expense of food-away-from home to some degree. Certainly a cold winter always benefits McCormick. We like to see people make a lot of chili, and so that always is great for part of our recipe mixed business. But, what we're speaking specifically to spices and seasonings here. So, we tend to think about this from a different perspective. What's really driving I think our performance right now is, I would point out maybe a couple of things that are benefiting our business. Our new packaging continues to increase velocity on shelf and we're rolling out more of that. It's just pulling through and more of it will be complete by the end of the second quarter. So we're at 75% at the end of Q4. We believe that we're obviously somewhere between 75% and 100% at this point in time, and so that's driving improvement. We are recapturing distribution points too, and we think that sequential improvement led to some positive. That plus our increase in advertising and the velocity of our new – coming from our new packaging led to unit share gains at the end of the quarter. That increase in advertising, I think certainly was one of the things that we think led a lot of our positive trends in our business in spices and seasonings. So, these are some of the things that we've spoken to I think from not only the fourth quarter call but also at CAGNY and I would just reiterate them here. The collection or the integration of all of that together we believe is driving the right level of performance on the business overall.
Brendan Foley: Thanks, Rob. So, let me address – I just want to make sure I don't forget your second question as I address yours. With regard to price gap management, I mean I think I just would go back to confirming what we've said also at CAGNY, is that that program and those efforts, which is quite targeted on a skew-by-skew basis, represents less than 15% of our Americas…
Brendan Foley: And it's really being applied to targeted parts of our spices and seasonings category and recipe mixes. So, we're also taking price gap management efforts selectively across other regions. I would say EMEA is an example of that. But this is just part of, I think, good tactical blocking and tackling on the parts of our portfolio where we think maybe a price point just simply isn't at a place where it could be successful. So, that's the color I would add to that. Now, specifically on your question on hot sauce, the background I would first provide, hey, this is an attractive category. There's always, particularly more so than most categories, a lot of new competition always entering in the category. So, this is something that we live and operate with all the time. We do have underlying strength in our base business on hot sauce and really healthy consumer loyalty. Our plans remain pretty consistent. We're fueling a lot of growth through increasing both Cholula and Frank's brand marketing. In fact, Frank's is going to be activated all 12 months of the year in terms of being on air, and that's the first time we're doing that. And to really tap into the growth that we've seen in this segment, and we are also expanding distribution. But our underlying trends are pretty good. Now, more recently, particularly in like the end of the fourth quarter, the beginning of the first quarter, we've seen retailers push the concept of trial sizes, like at $1 price point. And it's created, obviously, a lot of consumer value when you have just a really low opening price point of $1 for something that's like an ounce or less of product. But it's resulted in significant unit growth. It's been driving down sort of the category of volume and dollar growth that maybe we had been seeing, going into this time period. So that is pressuring our share performance, particularly on units, if you might imagine. A lot of this is driven by gifting during the holidays, and so you could see sort of the big spike, and then it's kind of decelerating since then. But, we still believe it's something that's contributing positively to the category because it's adding new users to the category. We've evaluated, how much of it's coming from new households versus existing households, and the majority of its coming from new households into the category. So that's always a positive. We're taking some of these learnings and looking at, our own efforts at having a trial size and competing in this kind of promotional area. Because we think it's obviously anything that drives trial and awareness in the category we think is healthy. And importantly, it's also building upon actions that we already have in place behind hot sauce, which is a lot of innovation coming out this year. I would say, particularly a lot on Frank's, but also Cholula. We're increasing the A&P support on all the brands. Where we have traditional promotional periods for these categories, we're just making sure they're at the right times during the year and on key use of education. Obviously, the summer certainly lends itself to that. Like think of the Mayo too, so that's the context on hot sauce.
Brendan Foley: I think we're comfortable that we don't need to take any action. And we are, pretty precise, if I might say that in terms of how we apply this and where it best needs to be applied. But I also have to say, we're constantly evaluating this. So every month we're looking at data and results and deciding whether or not, something's in the right place. But, I think we have a lot of confidence that we're focusing on the right, percentage of the business. But, to speak more specifically, I think to just share perspective around that. While we don't guide to market share of a specificity, I think the trends in our business right now are going in the right direction, and in many ways delivering against what we would expect to see, which is, that focus on share improvement for us as we're looking at our business plans, first begins with improving unit growth. And then we expect dollar, to sort of follow on top of that. But, like in U.S. spices and seasonings we're seeing that type of performance right now. So just also appreciate, this is a big integrated effort with a lot of other activities, too, including increased brand marketing, innovation, price spec architecture, other category management efforts that we're putting forth. So, I wouldn't single out any one of those levers, but actually they all work together, and that's sort of the perspective I would add on top of your question.
Brendan Foley: So, I'll speak first to mustard. We just, again, readdressed sort of the context and the background on this. We definitely are seeing sort of a lot of low price points in private label, fairly low, which impacted our consumption, and it's driving down the category dollars, but importantly, it's impacting, our trajectory on consumption. So, we do plan to improve those trends in 2024. Largely, I think we're going to look at increasing promotional programs. We have a big grilling season, quite excited, actually, about the grilling season coming up. Mustards a big part of that as are a number of items within our portfolio. That plus, just making sure we are at the right price points, I think, across that business. We're also strengthening distribution, too, which will strengthen trends on top of that. So, that's a perspective on mustard. It will continue to get better, but as we were talking about in the fourth quarter, I don't know that we saw – what we saw in the first quarter was, contrary to what we were expecting as we start to implement those plans, particularly as we get to the grilling season. On the prepared foods category that we spoke to, we're riding the trends right now in the marketplace, and I think that's what you would expect to see us – how we would see us perform. It's a smaller part of our portfolio. We would not kind of call it this part of that core, and so we are really, I think, just watching the trends, making sure we follow what's going on in the category, and we're treating it much like in that manner.
Brendan Foley: Well, we do believe that when we gain in TDPs or distribution, we do that as incremental to our presence in the market at that time. I think speaking to its impact on the second quarter, we feel like we've got that called in our outlook for the rest of the year. So I don't know if there's anything specific I want to identify for the second quarter behind this, and when exactly all that stuff ships, etc. I think that's a level of detail we just probably wouldn't be getting into at this point.
Brendan Foley: No, our McMex’s [ph] joint venture had a great first quarter. I mean it's comping against a weaker first quarter too, so there's some of that in there. It's a little bit too early to call it the year. Just like here, there's the economy in Mexico. There's a lot of price volume things that are going through also as they've managed the year. So again, strong underlying business and we’re really happy with it, but yes, we're hoping the rest of the year is just as strong as the first quarter, but it's a little bit too early to call on that one.
Brendan Foley: I'm glad you asked that question, because we don't get a lot. I mean, it's such a large part of our portfolio. It gets ignored because it's below operating profit, but very profitable business. We have dominant – well, not dominant, but we have real strong brand positions down there across a couple of categories. And we export into the U.S., too, mayonnaise and other things too. So it's really, really good business for us.
Brendan Foley: The fact that we didn't provide it means it's not really that material. We only – I think last year was the first year we provided it, but it was roughly equal for the first quarter, so I wouldn't expect a whole lot of change for the year.
Mike Smith: I think – to think about too, this is not just about Americas Consumer. I mean, we're building volume globally in the consumer side, and a lot of the same brand building activities, such as increased A&P, we talked about this in the call, is in all regions. So we continue to support those brands globally in each of our regions, not just Americas.
Mike Smith: Peter, thanks for your question on that. On an apples-to-apples basis, our consumption is roughly in line with our sales and we are shipping to consumption. What's probably driving the U.S. consumption, lagging on Americas consumer sales is we had good growth in Latin America and Canada and that contributed to our total growth. But we also delivered growth in unmeasured, excluding that DSD business exit that we talked about. So we do expect and continue the alignment between consumption and shipments moving forward. We don't really believe that there's any sort of inventory movement that we can call out at this point in time. But it's also important to call out that in that unmeasured growth was primarily driven by e-commerce. It represents this globally for us, about 10% of our total consumer sales, and so that's pretty healthy and positive. But we've seen double digit growth in all of 2023 in e-commerce and did again in Q1. So we continue to believe that e-commerce is a growth channel, and we do continue to put resources up against it. But coming back to sort of the top of your question on the influences on measured channels, I would probably think about that as one thing to consider and think about. But largely, we really believe that our shipments and consumption are broadly in line with.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think, we were in China about two months ago and saw a lot of these trends with QSRs, big established QSRs were starting to gain share and drive some traffic into their stores versus that kind of smaller mom and pop type stores. I mean, I would just give you context to this kind of talk as we talk about our whole Flavor Solutions business. The QSR business in some parts of the world, like China, is really doing well. Other parts, it's a bit challenged. So as you think about our guidance, those are things that you can talk about the Flavor Solutions business is lumpy in part due to the fact that, our CPG customers and QSR customers control new product launches and there's foot traffic and things like that. But China has started off strong on the QSR side, which is great.
Mike Smith: Yeah, this is Mike. I think you're right. We're really happy with the first quarter performance there, the sequential improvement. But, some of our regions, the QSR business is pretty material, such as the EMEA. It's very public, some of the customers coming out talking about the food traffic. So, I think as Brendan said in the call, the second quarter, there is a bit of headwind there on the Flavor Solutions side, so I wouldn't be surprised by that. But, as Brendan said, too, the second half, both for Consumer and Flavor Solutions volume, we're expecting strength. I think about our performance, too, in halves versus quarters, because quarters can get very weak. That makes a difference sometimes. So, within the first half, we're still calling for kind of flattish volume, second half volume growth across the business. So, think about it in those terms, too.
Mike Smith: I think, Adam, maybe think about it this way. I mean, second quarter is kind of an inflection point for us. The pricing which for the first quarter was about 2.7% and think about it for the year is going to be at 1%. So, second, third, and fourth quarters is coming down. While volume is turning positive and we're getting sequentially improvements, in that second quarter you don't have as much cover for pricing and your volume while it's improving isn't to the level it is in the second half. So that is – in second quarter, as I said in the remarks, we're activating some of our price cap management activities more than in the first quarter. So that puts a little pressure on the sales line and the profit line. But we're confident those investments, including increased A&P, which we had in the first quarter but also in the second quarter too, will contribute to driving sequential volume improvement in both Q2 but in the second half. So, I think what you're getting a little bit is a bit of a – like I said, it's an inflection point before the volume growth, which we'll talk about in the second half. So, it puts a little pressure on margins. We're still having positive margin improvement versus last year, but if you think about last year, that was like the sweet spot of when our pricings were really going in, overcoming the cost impacts. We talked about that last second quarter. So that was – at that point our margins were up 300 basis points from the prior year, I think it was. But we still see, again back to the first half, second half really good margin improvement in the second half for the first half. The first half is about investments. We benefited in the first quarter also, the wrap GOE programs, things like that too, which did help the first quarter, but a lot of moving parts in the second. That's why we tried to give you a little bit of summary in the script.
Mike Smith: Hey, Matt. Let me kick off here, and then Mike [inaudible]. I think as you think about that 15%, again, I would stress 15, not 50, is that is a total look at the year. So, indeed, I would say our Q1 isn't necessarily at that level yet, and we would expect to start to hit that type of percentage of our business as we go through the year. So, just quickly off the top, I wanted to help provide some of that context around your question, Mike.
Mike Smith: No, and Matt, good question. And just as I said in the script, the second quarter is a bit of pressure because it does more activation in the second quarter. So, you're right, a little bit in the fourth, more in the first. Second quarter is when it's really almost fully activated quite nicely so. But, again, these are investments that drive that volume growth building throughout the year, which we – the early results of the fourth and first quarter investments have been very positive, combined with the A&P and things like Brendan just mentioned, so that holistic program.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think about it, too. You think about – we've talked about our portfolio management and this is part of that. We're making sure that items we have in our portfolio, just whether on the consumer or Flavor Solution side, we can improve business that doesn't meet our target, so you'll see some of that probably in this area too, but we won't be calling it out as a separate item.
Mike Smith: I think, Thomas, maybe as your saying, I think you are kind of focusing on the shelf renovation with the new bottles. That's been rolling out from the end of last year into this year, and that's really not a big shipment, that's what we're replacing. It's kind of going – it's not a big reset. It's the same size bottle basically. It fits on a roll bin, so we're just kind of filling the pipeline with that. So you're not going to see a big spike. Now, you will see better velocity and things like that, which is why we did it, and that will build throughout the year. Some of the resets we talked about with winning new business on other categories, those shelf sets happen sometime in the second quarter and will benefit us in the second half. So there's kind of two different thoughts there as you think about it. And welcome to the call. It's your first call with us, Thomas.
Mike Smith: Well, Rob, I think there's possibly two different questions there. I'll make an attempt at what I think you are getting at, which is what we're seeing in our business, and we read our business through Circana, and that's a much broader, more refined view of our categories, and so we are reflecting that kind of data in our performance as we talk about it. Compared to what Nielsen might be reporting, I think traditionally over time we've seen differences in that reporting. We don't really reconcile that on the call or do anything of that nature, but there have been at times a difference in what Nielsen might be reporting in terms of how they are capturing the category versus the more refined, higher level, broader view as we look at spices and seasonings in our category. So that might address part of your question. Now, the other half of that could be, it's about unmeasured channels, etc., and I would go back to the comments that I made earlier that we largely see everything pretty much being in line between shipments and consumption. We are getting a lot of strong growth in e-commerce, as I called out earlier in the call. So that certainly is something that could create a difference in the numbers and the metrics, and obviously good performance in Canada and Latin America. I'm going to pause to see if maybe we thoughtfully addressed, I think.
