Alan D. Wilson: Yes, a couple of things. It's pretty hard to actually quantify the impact of weather, but we did see some impact in our consumer business, at least in the U.S., where a lot of the real cold weather items were dramatically lower than they were a year ago, things like chili and beef stew seasoning and things like that. The reason that we're a bit cautious is as we've seen fuel prices start to rise, that tends to have a fairly significant impact on people as they spend their dollars going out or staying home. So we're a bit cautious on that, and so it's pretty hard to quantify. On the second question on advertising spend, we're committed to continue to invest in our brands. You’ll recall, we spent up pretty heavily in the fourth quarter of last year. And our pattern is if we see the opportunity to do that because we have pretty good returns on our advertising investment, we'll do that. But at this point, early in the year, with a small quarter, it's not the appropriate time to change our guidance.
Alan D. Wilson: I would say that the consumer business was probably slightly ahead of our expectations, given some of the volume trends we saw early in the quarter when we were providing some guidance. So as we progressed, we saw stabilization and some strengthening. And it was pretty broad based. You saw the strong numbers in EMEA, as well as China and Canada and the U.S. stabilization. So I'd say, really, in terms of the outperformance, the consumer business was probably slightly ahead. I will say the Industrial business was very robust as well. Just to also highlight some of the things we're cautious about, if you recall in the prior year, we did have some weak comparisons in markets like China on the industrial side. So the strong performance in the first quarter, while we're very pleased with, it was against a weak year ago period.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, there certainly will be because, obviously, it's a lower margin structure business relative to the consumer business. But as you saw, the industrial margins themselves were up over the prior year so that was helpful to the overall company margin structure as well.
Alan D. Wilson: No. That's part of his background. He's a very talented scientist, and he's going to help us tremendously in our flavor business. But there's no -- nothing to read in from his background.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, the bigger turnaround in the first quarter was our food service business, and it was a combination of our distributor business and our QSR business. But that was a lot of what was happening in the U.S. industrial business. Around the world, it's a heavier QSR blend of customers.
Alan D. Wilson: For the industrial business, it certainly was. Obviously, we talk about acquisitions and pricing as part of our growth algorithm in the quarter as well on the consumer side.
Alan D. Wilson: We took minor pricing, and we took it in 2010 and early ’11. So there was very little pricing in the EMEA business, and we did have a fairly heavy marketing and advertising spend.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't read too much into an anomaly on one quarter. But what I would say is our strategies are exactly as we laid out last year. Now we've seen an awful lot of volatility in costs as we went through last year. Our costs were certainly a lot higher that we -- than we had anticipated in February last year. I'd say we're still experiencing that. You'll also recall in that discussion that the pricing is a very, very small part of our algorithm. But what happened in the quarter and in the time since then is that pricing has been much more a factor as we try to recover the margin. Our strategies are still the same. The acquisitions that we made last year were, by and large, consumer acquisitions. Doesn't mean we won't make industrial acquisitions going forward. But our strategy is still to grow our consumer business faster and drive the margin of our industrial business.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we believe that we are. We had -- we were supporting new product activity in the U.S., as well as in the U.K. We spent a tremendous amount in the first quarter launching Recipe Inspirations in the U.K. and in France, and we've seen the sales results from that and we feel pretty good about it. But as you're well aware, we continue. We have a pretty disciplined process to monitor what's working and adapt our model to spend behind the initiatives that are working. This year, we're beefing up our spending in digital and mobile marketing. We think there's a great return there. We also have started to invest in China behind brand building to deepen our business there as opposed to just look for new distribution. So it's an overall mix that we think is going to pay out. But as you're well aware, we'll go back and adapt it to what's working from a return standpoint and put the emphasis where we think it's going to generate the best returns.
Alan D. Wilson: It's still active. I wouldn't say that there's nothing we can announce this morning, but it's still active.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, for us, it's been a very good category. It's pretty well all incremental growth. We just introduced meals for 2 and they're starting to roll out now. And so we're seeing pretty good traction from things like Jambalaya and Blackened Chicken Alfredo. So it's -- that's kind of an area that we're excited. Remember, we're niche on -- in frozen. We don't think the world needs another frozen lasagna, and we're not trying to compete there. But the products that we have for Zatarain’s and even for Thai Kitchen are pretty exciting to us.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. We've executed better, I'll say that. Now recall, this is one quarter after a number of quarters of a fairly weak performance in the food service channel. But that -- so we're feeling good about the result. We're cautious going forward again because of the impact to gas prices, but it's been driven by our new product wins, as well as some good performance by a number of our customers. Our broad line branded business in food service also did very well in the quarter, and it's kind of nice to see positive volume trends in that area as well.
Alan D. Wilson: In the industrial business, we've continued to gain share. It's always a kind of a tactical battle because we do that by winning new product innovation, and that's where we've tended to win more than our share of briefs. There's some offsets to that as people are looking to reduce cost in our ingredient business, and that's less of an innovation trend. But we've continued to gain share with most of our strategic customers.
Alan D. Wilson: What we see is a little bit of a lag behind their volume trends on core items. So I wouldn't necessarily read into our results what's going to happen with all the other food manufacturers. If we're supplying core items and the core items are weak, our sales are going to be weak. To the extent that we have new product innovation wins, even when their trends may be a little weaker, our trends may be a little bit better. I will say I do think everybody is concerned with the consumer reaction to pricing and trying to put programs in place to make sure that we can protect volume. You've seen a lot of announcements on increased advertising spending, and we're seeing some amount of new product activity that we think will help us, as well as help our customers.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. We certainly expect that it would. Now remember, China has a similar dynamic that the American market has except it's a quarter different. Our Thanksgiving-Christmas holiday is a heavy boost to sales for the U.S. In China, it's the first quarter because of Chinese New Year. So we do see some seasonality in that pattern as well. But we do think we're building a sustainable business in China and are really favorable on our brand building as we build consumer loyalty.
Alan D. Wilson: I would say every customer that we have has a fairly aggressive productivity initiative. And the way we try to deal with that is by offering alternatives that protect the flavor, and also because in a lot of cases, we can help them both reduce costs and improve their product. And so that's a lot of the effort that we have going. But I'd say every manufacturer and we're -- we, us included, have productivity efforts to try to offset these increased costs, because we recognize it's a combination of high cost and high prices and lower volumes are not a sustainable mix. And so we're all working on try to do that. But for the most part, and I'd say across the board, we’ve benefited from that but it does present some challenges for us.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, what we've seen is private label pricing has gone up higher than brand pricing over the last 6 months or so, on a percentage basis. On the other hand, what we're seeing is consumers are very conscious of the prices they're paying, as we always do when prices go up and are making some trade-offs. So at least in the U.S., and I'll speak to the U.S., in our spice and seasonings business, we've seen private label gain some share, both in terms of dollars and in terms of units. In dry seasoning mixes, we've actually gained share. And then in our other major markets, Canada, the U.K. and France, we've gained share. So what we are seeing is private label manufacturers and us among them, passing through higher prices. And those higher prices are getting reflected on the shelf, but the consumers looking at an absolute price point on the shelf that they're making a decision on. And so I think we're in a bit of a questionable period from an elasticity standpoint. So we're very conscious of that and are implementing programs to help offset that.
Alan D. Wilson: We've seen some shift, not necessarily to private label but some shift in volume to some of our economy brands. Our private label business has grown, but it's also because we won some new customers with that. So I wouldn't say it's been a dramatic shift in our mix of products from brand to private label. There's a little bit more from within our brands to our more economy brands.
Alan D. Wilson: Great, thanks. Thank you all for your time and attention. At McCormick, we're continuing to operate effectively and grow even in the challenging environment that we have today. We're adapting our product innovation and marketing to meet consumer demand for flavor, convenience and value. We're managing through this period of cost volatility with our pricing actions and our CCI programs, and we're expanding our presence in fast-growing emerging markets. Through our global operations, we have leadership and employees in place to deliver a year of strong financial performance for McCormick shareholders. Thank you.
Gordon M. Stetz: No. If you recall, and going back to the chart that where we've tried to illustrate this, is in the first quarter of last year, we were not yet experiencing the material cost inflation pressures. It was largely building up in inventory and also yet to be realized on the P&L. So as you recall, as we progressed through last year, the third quarter was down over 100 basis points and -- I mean, the second quarter, then the third quarter and fourth quarter were similar. So it really is a function of the timing of when these material cost increases started to hit us, and it started to accelerate as we progressed through the year. So we're looking at almost an opposite phenomena this year, where the majority of the increase really we start to experience in the first part of the year and then it starts to moderate as we progress through the year. And that's really what's causing the gross margin issue.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well. Certainly, as we progress through this year because of the volatility of cost, it may be tough within the consumer business. But on a go-forward basis, to Alan's point, the basic fundamental algorithm around faster consumer growth, improved industrial margin leads to an enhanced overall margin structure for the company. That has not changed. But again, back to Alan's point, these long-term goals can get interrupted for periods of cost volatility, which is what we're experiencing right now.
Gordon M. Stetz: That'll vary, obviously, by the timing of A&P spend. Obviously, it would have been even more this quarter without the A&P spend. So -- but certainly, we're looking for leverage on the SG&A line because of, obviously, the price execution on the top line and the leveraging of the acquisitions against the SG&A base.
Gordon M. Stetz: I'd characterize it as more of a catch-up as the year progresses. Things can impact that obviously in terms of the product portfolio and the segment portfolio so that's what can vary and cause it to go up or down in any given quarter. But I would suggest it's more of a catch-up. Our price increases take a full year outlook and look to try and recover after even we look at CCI, the cost increases.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, FX, as we've indicated, will be a negative to the top line, 2% on the year, and you're correct in that Q2 will start to be a tougher comparison. It's not the same impact on the operating income line as it is on the sales line. We have hedging activities. We also have cross-border flow of goods that we try to make natural hedges out of. But then obviously, we'll ultimately have a negative impact on the operating income line as well, just not as much as it is on the top line.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Second quarter -- well, again, it's -- at current rates -- and rates, as you know, are volatile as well these days, but at current rates, second quarter is a tougher one.
