Lawrence Kurzius: Alexia, we lost through measured channels about nine-tenths of a share point. And as we mentioned on the call, we think that that overstates our actual loss because of the strength that we experienced in the unmeasured channels. But regarding the measured channels in particular, we think that we actually have been quite effective in our responses to the smaller competitors. We made our brands more relevant. We’ve bought the most successful of them frankly, the Gourmet Garden business. And so we think that we’ve done a pretty good job of dealing with the smaller competitors. I don’t want to leave out Hispanic brands also where we’ve had quite a strong response with our branded products with the launch of items like Lawry's Casero range and the continued expansion of our El Guapo in the truly heavily Hispanic-targeted stores. I’d say that right now private label is the bigger issue particularly on a dollar share basis. Part of it is something that we’ve created ourselves. A great deal of our category management effort has been directed towards changing the price structure of the category and encouraging retailers to take higher pricing on private label, and you’re seeing that coming through in the data where private label dollar growth is very strong over and above unit growth. I don’t want to lose track of the fact that about half of the reported private label growth is actually not through growth but it’s a conversion of a controlled brand by one of the major retailers from a branded item to their private label and a reclassification of sales in the data.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think that you’re referring to dollar growth and there’s a bit more pricing in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. And so I’m going to go to the second part of your question, which is do we see a consumer slowdown in the first quarter. And absolutely yes and it’s across a whole center of the store. Everybody has published on this and the Nielsen data that is out there shows that the center-of-store had quite a strong slowdown especially going into February. That impacted the spice category. Relative strength was still good compared to other categories, but there was certainly an impact on the off-take. Look, we expect that our Q1 sales growth to be the lowest sales growth quarter for us in 2017. We only had a partial quarter of the pricing, so that impacted our dollar sales. Most of our distribution wins come on stream later in the year and we had some known losses last year that we knew were going to flow into this year, like the UK distribution loss, I know that’s not U.S. but I’m talking at the total company level right now. We didn’t talk about it on the call and it was factored into our expectations for the quarter but we even had one day less because last year was leap year. And although that’s a small thing, it’s still 1 percentage point. What we didn’t anticipate was the slower industry sales in the U.S., which as we’ve discussed on the call we think are really due to transitory factors. We don’t see anything in our data going into March. I know we’re getting into second quarter here, but we don’t see anything in our data going into March to suggest the slowness that we saw in January and February as continuing. And for the reasons that we gave on the call, we think that it is transitory and the timing of tax payments. I think Lent had a big impact on us. Our business has a very high index to Hispanic consumers who are more catholic. The later Easter made all of Lent fall outside of the quarter and we’re certainly seeing the reversal of that in March. And then the weather that was out of sync with the season where it was just very warm and that discourages consumption of the cold weather items that normally we sell a lot of during that time of year, chili, gravy and all of the things that go along with that.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don’t want to try to quantify that but there’s no doubt that there was an impact on our business as a result of that. On our core McCormick business we index strongly to the Hispanic consumer or Lawry's brand index very strongly to the Hispanic consumer. And a portion of our Lawry's range is actually specifically targeted to them. Hispanics tend to be more catholic than general population and have the Lent in timing as a vigor impact on us as a result; also our Zatarain's product which are also heavily influenced by the Lent in timing were impacted in this period as well. It’s just unfortunate that Lent literally started on the first day of March and so it completely fell out of our quarter and that does have an impact in both shifting consumption and in shifting retailer purchases in anticipation of that consumption. I’m not ready to quantify it but we believe that it was pretty real.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, in particular for us China’s growth was strong and broad based and this continues really a long-term trend there. There’s not any particular news about it. We have had a long run of high-single digit, low-double digit growth in China that has continued to this day. And we could see a long runway of growth in that market. Our brands are gaining share in all of the categories that we compete in, in China. We’ve got continued strong growth of new placements and distribution. And on top of that, e-commerce is developing as a strong growth channel for us in China. Last year, our e-commerce business in China was up over 100% and it is also up over 100% year-to-date this year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Andrew, we just took that pricing in January and so it’s really too soon to read that through with the consumer. We don’t have any reason to believe that what we model and expected is any different than what we were actually realizing in terms of elasticity. Remember, most of the price increase that we took was directed towards vanilla which was commodity driven. We’ve certainly gone up but so has everyone else. Whether branded or private label, vanilla beans are over $200 a pound and everybody’s got a price accordingly. So the elasticity would really be whether people stop using vanilla at all. I think we’ll have a better read on that in a few months particularly as we get past the Easter baking season, we’ll have a better sense of that. Right now, the demand for vanilla is pretty much what we expected it to be.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, certainly we’re seeing it in our products and in our category. And I’ve really taken a bit of a guess here but I would guess that the same is true for other categories as well to the extent that whether lent, tax refunding timing impacted the center-of-store and that’s kind of the underlying reason for the slowdown in our area. I would think that the reversal of that that we’re experiencing would hold true for others. I’d also say that in our industrial business the demand for flavors from our consumer packaged goods customers is really strong and so I would say that bodes well as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Generally we say in the first year of an acquisition between integration costs, deal cost, things like that, they’re pretty flat from an operating profit perspective. So Giotti for example, we bought that in mid-December, so you won’t see much impact from that. One of the things you’ll see in the first two quarters is a lot of integration costs and that does speak to the second half strengthening too as another factor. Gourmet Garden, we’re very happy with that business and we don’t disclose separately the impact there but it definitely is positive.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, definitely it’s FX related, Rob, on the peso which is very volatile as you know, has gone against us actually the last two years. But our underlying results from a sales perspective on our Mexican joint venture are excellent.
Lawrence Kurzius: At the rate we’re buying, you’re right. The hope is obviously our first use of cash is really to go after acquisitions when our pipeline is robust. But in lack of acquisitions we would look at doing other buyback or some sort mid to late year.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don’t think that it was a factor. I think you’re exactly right that we took the pricing mid-quarter precisely to make sure that to the extent there was any kind of pre-purchases by customers that it would wash itself out. But importantly we also had – the primary item that we took the increases on in the U.S. were vanilla and we put vanilla on allocation to our customers, partly to manage any kind of forward buy we did not want to – in the face of a strongly rising commodity, we did not want to sell out our inventory at a below market price. So I think we managed that pretty well. I don’t think that that is what happened. I think that what we really saw was slow consumption in January and February that washed through.
Lawrence Kurzius: During the transition to organic we did have some disruption at the shelf which we have worked through. And on the tail end of that we had a lot of heavy promotion by a couple of retailers of their organic private labels. That really related not so much to their desire to be competitive in the spice category but more to a total store promotion on natural and organic items to be competitive with the natural food channel. And there was some irrationally low pricing on organic items through the December and January period in particular. We’ve seen that go back to normal and we’re optimistic that we’re going to see better trends on our gourmet business. In addition, we had a lot of new placements and expanded distribution on gourmet that really comes on a little bit later in the year as the retailers go through their self-reset cycles. So our outlook for gourmet particularly as we lap that transition period from a year ago is actually quite positive. And we believe the conversion to organic was absolutely the right thing to do.
Lawrence Kurzius: On the impact of Easter and Lent, we’re talking about it in the context of one of the factors that influenced the slowness in January and February, not just for us but for the industry as a whole. The timing of Lent versus last year we believe is one factor but I’m certainly not saying that it’s the only factor. And I think we’re all looking for the reasons why that period was slow. It does seem that there were some events that would have created a shift versus prior year, the timing of Easter being one; weather being yet another. And I don’t want to underestimate the impact that the change in U.S. income tax refund policy has had pushing those refunds later, especially for consumers at the lower end of the economic spectrum who tend to spend those refunds. Often that’s their earned income coming back to them, those go into regular household consumption and I think it has the same kind of impact as a change in SNAP payments.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Brett. This is Lawrence. I’m going to start and I’m going to pass it to Mike. But we are not indicating any cycling off in the second half for vanilla. Now garlic is an annual crop and so there will be a new crop midyear and we’re hopeful that that’s going to take some of the pressure off of garlic and we may see that one cycle down a bit. But outlook for vanilla which is the major impact item is for it to be strong. We had actually hoped for some relief from the new crop you may or may not have seen in the news. There was a large tropical cyclone in Madagascar that struck the vanilla growing areas at a very inopportunity time. Madagascar produces about 85% of the world’s vanilla crop. The estimates right now are that 20% to 30% of the crop was lost as a result of the cyclone. So we see this high vanilla pricing continuing certainly well into 2018. So I just wanted to address that part of it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Brett. That’s a very broad set of questions but I will start by saying that the discounters you name are important customers of ours in Europe that we are engaged with and do business with. Aldi has been in the U.S. for many years and has some several thousand stores here and is a customer as well, and we would expect with the entry of Lidl to this market and our existing relationship with them that they will be a customer as well. I certainly think that all of the traditional retailers and mass merchants have their attention quite firmly focused on the entry of these competitors into the market and they’re all preparing their response to them. And I think this will continue to add to the competitive robustness of the U.S. market. I think that frankly as much as the traditional retailers are challenged, I think this is a huge challenge to the dollar channel which has been in existence for many years and for U.S. consumers, it’s filled a similar niche.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I’ll say a few words about this. First of all, as part of our growth algorithm that a third of our growth comes from base business, a third comes from innovation and a third from acquisitions. And so we will continue – you should expect to see a continued – lumpy stream because there has to be a willing seller but continued stream of bolt-on acquisitions. As we have said over the last couple of years, we have broadened our lens to include both consumer flavor businesses and industrial flavor businesses. And so over the last – both last year and really already this year to [indiscernible] Giotti was a 2017 deal. We’ve acquired an industrial flavor business in addition to some consumer businesses. I think we’ll look forward to the same. We also are considering larger assets. Those are going to come at an even less regular interval, but we continue to consider larger assets as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Specifically in the U.S. food service business, we have had some strong distribution gains. We have a strategic partnership and category captaincy with one of the major food service distributors and that’s driving a lot of sales growth for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on today’s call. As I said, we expected Q1 sales growth to be the lowest quarter for us in 2017 for the reasons that we discussed. For the rest of the year, particularly in our Americas consumer business, we expect strong sales growth for the reasons we gave in the prepared remarks. We had strong acceptance of new items, expanded distribution on our gourmet range, plus we’re lapping the transition on that range from last year, continued strength on Gourmet Garden, the pricing actions and this is true for the whole company not just for the U.S. business have been completed. Our marketing plans are strong and importantly our products remain well aligned with what consumers choose to eat. Taste continues to rank number one in what consumers use in making their decisions about their food purchases. We’re aligned with today’s move towards more healthy flavorful food. We’re confident in our growth plans. With our steadfast focus on growth, performance and people, we’re well positioned to deliver strong financial results and shareholder value in 2017.
Michael Smith: Sure. This is Mike, Alexia. Obviously last year with Brexit happening in June, we saw a large decrease in the euro and the pound and actually a lot of currencies like the peso after that. So if you go back to last year, remember the first six months of last year we had margin expansion between 70 and 130 basis points. It became a little more challenging in the second six last year as some of this currency rates went against us. You’re seeing that really the biggest impact for us in the first half of this year is in the second quarter and if you look at the currency charge, you can see that very clearly. We see that trend building for us in the second six of this year, so you’re seeing really a timing issue between the two years.
Michael Smith: Yes. Well, I think what you’re seeing – the main thing is back to the transactional, the timing of the first six versus the second six. We really got hit in the second quarter pretty hard compared to last year and that was the biggest gross margin increase last year to 130 basis points. We’re also seeing CCI really is more back loaded this year than in the past. We’ve got a lot of great projects to get to our 100 million and actually hope to exceed that. We’ve expanded this program globally. So we will see additional savings in the latter part of the year. Plus pricing; we’ve talked about the U.S. a lot but also some of our European operations do price in the second quarter range, so we get the full impact in the second six there too.
Michael Smith: I’d go to our yearly guidance of 5% to 7% and assume the rest of the quarter should be around that range. First quarter, we came 4% slightly below that 5%. So you can assume the second would be in that range.
Michael Smith: Yes, I think the thing to consider too is second quarter where Easter is now, the investment spent in the A&P is up a bit. It’s on our full year guidance but it’s really focused. We have a big increase in working media as we activate media, digital against Easter. So that’s where you’ll see a lot of focus in Q2.
Michael Smith: Hi, Jonathan. This is Mike. On your first question, we didn’t say brand marketing was up double digits. It was up $3 million as you alluded to in the first quarter.
Michael Smith: Yes, we were hopeful. We did really hit the UK hard, as Lawrence mentioned, with purity. But some of the timing, as we said around Easter, we made some decisions there to focus it on where it could be most effective.
Michael Smith: Vanilla is growing over a two to three year cycle, so it doesn’t have a quick bounce back like garlic which is an annual crop. I’d just kind of say to your range question, I’d still stick with the mid-single digit range. We’re buying crops from 80 different countries. There’s always something up or something down and cinnamon might be going up and pepper might be going down, but generally mid-single digits is still where we stand for the whole commodity base.
Michael Smith: Brett, to your point too it would be important for branded food companies to really focus on effective media spending but also innovation and that’s what we’ve been driving over the last couple of years to really drive innovation on our brands across the whole business.
