Alan Wilson: It’s in a few areas. It would be stronger growth in pretty much all of our businesses outside the U.S. and within the gross margin, it was stronger gross margin based on the mix that we experienced within the quarter. So I would say those two factors are primary ones that outdelivered relative to our initial expectations.
Alan Wilson: Well, there’s nothing one-time in nature within the quarter. I mean, it was all driven by the brand marketing support, innovation, and on the industrial side, the strength of our customer relationships. So I can’t say that there was an anomaly within it. Certainly we see the world that we operate in, and understand it’s a difficult environment, and that continues to give us caution as well.
Alan Wilson: We’re seeing about a 20-plus percent increase in the cost of rice, and are passing that through, and are dealing with that with volume. We may have a bit of a different supply chain model than some of our competitors there because we are more -- remember, our strategy in India is to use the access to the supply chain and the customer base to expand into different areas. So while Basmati rice is the business today, that’s not our long term intention. So we have a little bit different objective and a different profile than some of our competitors there.
Alan Wilson: I’d never say it’s ever not going to be a bit volatile, but what we’re doing is driving our new product innovation, supporting it with pretty strong advertising, both in our core spice and seasoning business and the recipe mix business that we have in France, and we’re seeing the response from that. That doesn’t say Europe’s not a tough place to operate and is not highly competitive, but we’re gaining traction from the programs that we have. Rachel Nabatian - Credit Suisse And then just as a follow up, on the value side, the plan to turn around the U.S. consumer business, according to our scanner data, it looks like private label continues to take share, and you had mentioned kind of innovation ranging from the value to the premium side, so I guess I wanted to know how you plan to combat the private label competition specifically.
Alan Wilson: We offer a broad range of products across all the price points, and to remind you, we do produce private label, so that’s a part of what’s in our portfolio as well. What we’re doing is, one, making sure we’ve got the right promoted price at the right times of the year, when consumers are buying. The second thing is building the equity behind our brand, and then driving product innovation in the category. I think the spice and seasonings business, it’s still going to take some time. We’re encouraged by what we’re seeing in our core business, our core products, early on, and that’s what we’re supporting with advertising. We’re also driving the category and gaining share in our recipe mix business. So we’ve got early signs of traction. We’re not calling the turnaround yet, but we are encouraged by what we’re seeing.
Alan Wilson: It’s a fair observation. And certainly we are building upon the improvement that we saw in the fourth quarter, which was very strong margin for that business, and we’re pleased with the performance we saw in Q1. We certainly look for better performance on the industrial business. The absolute margin is a function of promotional activity and mix of the business within the quarter, so I’m a little cautious about saying that each quarter will get sequentially better, but I’d say overall we certainly are looking for an industrial margin improvement. And it’s a function of the recovery that we’re seeing in some of those markets like China a slightly more benign inflationary environment and good CCI performance. But I’m encouraged by the performance, but we’re still a bit cautious on predicting it quarter by quarter.
Alan Wilson: Well, we’re going to lean into our business again, so the brand marketing support that you saw in Q1, we’re repeating that again in Q2 and perhaps even a little more. As we mentioned, the unconsolidated income line will continue to be impacted by some of these relocation costs that we saw in Q1 from our unconsolidated venture in Mexico. You heard us talk about some of our caution on the QSR side of things in the U.S., and we’re still encouraged by the early signs of the U.S. consumer business, but we are up against some strong comparisons in the second quarter of last year, where we great volume quite strongly. So that’s part of our caution as well.
Alan Wilson: Well, as you know, that is a significant customer for us, and we supply them around the world. So there has been some realignment in the supply chain there, and we’ve been growing our business with that customer in Europe and in China. Just where we picked it up from is tougher to say.
Alan Wilson: We’re seeing improvement, actually, in our core spices and our recipe mixes. We’re still seeing some weakness in some of those other brands, and some of it’s driven by our promotion plans from last year. We were pretty heavy early in the year. Is there going to be more spread this year? Secondly, a little bit of a lighter Mardi Gras, and I never want to use weather as an excuse, but we’re seeing in Zatarain’s, for instance, the cost of crawfish pretty high right now. We’d expect this to be coming into pretty heavy crawfish season, the weather has made that a little later. But fundamentally, what we’re doing is driving behind our core business, which is our most profitable business, and then over time we’re addressing the other businesses.
Alan Wilson: Yeah, right now it’s about $5, and in the middle of the season, it should be about $3.50. You’re wondering why I know that.
Alan Wilson: Well, we segment the consumer in a couple of different ways. One is by price point, the other is by how involved they are in cooking. And gourmet is the involved cook who wants the best product, and so we are supporting and differentiating our product based on our freshness and unique sourcing of those products. So that is one part and one segment that we’re going after. The other part of that is the more core and value price consumer. We have some other programs to try to impress that. And then later in the year, we have a relaunch of our gourmet products that we’re expecting to roll out.
Alan Wilson: We’re seeing our share gap closing with our core spices. We’re seeing growth and actually share gains in our recipe mixes. And we are seeing a flattening of share from some of those fragmented competitors that we talked about. Private label continues to gain, but the regional and smaller competitors are flattening out a bit.
Alan Wilson: We’re still continuing to see pretty strong ROIs based on the spending that we have, and in fact, advertising and our digital programs have much higher ROIs than the promotional spends that we were doing. We got a little heavy, I think, over the last year, in promotional spend, and not all of those were great paybacks and didn’t build equity. So we’ve adjusted our spending away from promotions. But we’ve adjusted our spending to more focus on equity building.
Alan Wilson: I think we’re in the early stages of our plan in India. The things that we have done over the last year, we didn’t acquire the full supply chain for that business in India, because what we wanted was the retail presence and the ability to drive other products through that chain. What we’ve done over the last year has been to beef up our own supply chain to improve our service levels and to get better control of our inventory. We’re focused on continuing to build our capabilities there, and to start to introduce those new products. We have those products in place now, and we’re starting to roll those out. We’ve got our distribution chain in place. We expect to continue to see it grow, but again, to remind you of our strategy in emerging markets, we have a tendency to pay as we go. So we’re not going to get out over the tips of our skis and invest and lose a lot of money in a market until we’re sure we have the infrastructure to support it, and then we’ll expand as we go. That’s exactly what we did in China, that’s what we’re doing in India. You asked how it’s performing, it’s performing below our expectations at this point, but we feel like we’ve got the right plans to address it.
Alan Wilson: That’s a difficult one to predict, quite honestly. And we haven’t talked about that, and certainly our internal forecast that is guiding us toward the direction we’re giving you now has accounted for that. But I couldn’t quantify that for sure for you right now. There is some shift in timing, and it could have an impact, but our current outlook is exactly what Gordon says.
Alan Wilson: Well, certainly the Wuhan acquisition is emerging markets, so we broke that out for you separately, and we talked about China being up 20% also on the consumer side, and then double digit on the industrial side. So we’re talking double digit type increases on the emerging market side. So it was a big help, and that was one of the outperformers on the quarter relative to our expectations.
Alan Wilson: In terms of meat costs, because our grilling portfolio has a wide range of products that are good for a wide range of meat, even if the consumer starts trading from filets to cheaper cuts of meat, or even to burgers, a lot of our innovation actually is actually the burger mixes. So what we think will impact us more is the return to more normal weather. We’re really hoping for some better weather as we head into the Memorial Day weekend. But our products will span across the broad range, whether it’s pork or chicken or hamburger, obviously our Montreal steak is great on steaks, and we hope the consumers are continuing to buy. But we think we’re well-positioned, no matter what’s happening across the broad portfolio. In terms of the Safeway Albertson’s acquisition/merger, we have a good position with both those customers, and so we’re not anticipating this to have a significant impact on our business. We do have a strong relationship with both of them. As long as they’re driving to win in the marketplace, we think that’s good for us.
Alan Wilson: I think that’s kind of the right way to look at it. I don’t want to get over-optimistic, because we know it is going to take some time, but we are doing exactly what we said we were going to do. We’re out selling our message with retailers. That is a customer by customer and in some cases region by region approach that is going to take some time. And frankly, it’s never done, because when we present something that works for us, the competitors in there are presenting something else as well. So that’s going to be a longer slog, but we immediately changed our focus into building consumer equity, and we’re starting to see some of the benefits of that.
Alan Wilson: Yeah, we are seeing certainly varying degrees of acceptance and action in the store from that, but what we’re really showing them is the best way to grow their sales and profits in this category, and we’re benefitting from the fact that the best way for them to grow their sales and profits is the same thing that works for us, which is to sell more higher-turning McCormick SKUs as opposed to lower-turning, cheaper alternative products.
Alan Wilson: Yeah, we are working on some premium solutions as well as some more value solutions. We already have a number of the offerings in the value range, and our strategy with those is to meet a customer need. Because those don’t necessarily drive traffic, and they don’t necessarily drive profitability for the retailer or for us, but they’re there to meet a customer need. We have a number of those offerings, and we’re continuing to evaluate what the right value offerings are. The premium, we’ve got some very concrete plans.
Alan Wilson: We certainly feel good that we’re building scale in our consumer business in China. Our core business has continued to grow pretty strongly, and then Wuhan WAPC is an accelerator to that, because it gets us access to a much bigger sales force in a different part of the country than where we’ve been. So that’s why we made the acquisition. We see other opportunities for acquisition, not just in that market, but in a number of the markets that we’ve targeted, so we have a pretty good outlook, and a pretty good pipeline for those kinds of acquisitions.
Alan Wilson: I would say the pipeline itself is pretty similar. And whether it comes to closure is another question, but the pipeline is pretty similar, is what we’ve seen.
Alan Wilson: The things that we see that are starting to move up are, as you’ve probably seen, corn and wheat and soybeans and dairy are starting to move up a bit. So those impact us more on the industrial side of our business. I wouldn’t say that we have any significant changes on the consumer side.
Alan Wilson: I’d like to thank you for your questions, and for participating today. McCormick’s 2014 fiscal year is off to a good start. Our strategic imperatives around people, growth, and performance are driving sales, delivering CCI cost savings, which is our fuel for growth, and generating higher profits and strong cash flow. At McCormick, we bring the joy of flavor to every day. Our 125-year heritage of innovation, collaboration, and commitment to this business is at the foundation of our global leadership in flavor and has us well-positioned for the future. Thank you.
