Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I’d like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 29. We delivered solid first quarter results, excluding the COVID-19 impact on China and recognize the balance of the year will be impacted by a broader challenging environment. We’re effectively executing our strategies and are confident in our underlying foundation.We are responding to COVID-19 developments with agility and working through the challenges of today, while keeping our focus on the long-term goals, strategies and values that have made us so successful.We have a consistent history of growth and very positive fundamentals in place to manage through this short term period of volatility and continue on our long-term growth trajectory. Our commitment to our long-term financial objectives has not changed. We are sustainably positioned for growth and will continue to deliver differentiated results.Now, let’s turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Ken. Great. Well, first of all, we’re seeing all phases of the coronavirus crisis as a company, from the early phases of recovery in China through the new epicenters that we’re all experiencing in the EMEA and in the US.We’ve got - we are seeing the early stages of recovery in China, as we said in the prepared remarks. We can pretty well quantify that and we see a path forward there, and we’ve given some outlook on that.In the Americas and EMEA, we’re seeing very strong sales of retail products, as our others, especially in the Americas, it cuts across all channels on the - of the - our retail and consumer-oriented product, especially strong in e-commerce.We just actually got in a fresh scanner data this morning, ourselves. I mentioned a moment ago that we were up about 65% as a total company through the scanner for the most recent week that we had data for. We just got last week’s information, and it’s even stronger than that. It’s nearly 90%, I’d say.So it’s a little over 89% for total company, through the U.S. - sorry, total company in the US, total consumer there. So really strong performance on that side, driven by the consumer pantry stocking behavior. And I think that you all probably got Nielsen data that covers the same time frame. That would be roughly consistent with that.And typically, our unmeasured channels are stronger than the measured channels, and I would expect that to be - you can - should expect that to be the same again.In our flavor solutions portion of our business, the portion of the business that’s a little over 50% - that’s over 50% that services the other CPG manufacturers is seeing an equally strong surge in demand. As those customers are having the same retail offtake and we’re part of their supply chain, so we’re experiencing that.The food service portion of the business goes the other way. And we’ve tried to give some additional color on the size of our foodservice business in these remarks than we’ve given in the past. So I don’t think we’ve previously really quantified how big our total away-from-home consumption exposure is.Between branded foodservice and the quick service restaurant industry, it’s a little over 20%. Most of that runs through flavor solutions in China and India, that goes through the consumer segment because they share common distribution channels, common packs, and it’s rolled up in that way.But in the food service, we’re seeing a - in food service and QSR, we’re seeing a sharp slowdown. We came into the month strong. But as we’ve gone through the month, that has slowed significantly.Specifically saying in the EMEA, the QSR portion has come to a near halt, as the whole - as most of our customers have completely closed their restaurants. The difference between Europe and the US and in the US drive through a pickup has remained open. That’s not the case in most of the major countries in Europe. And so that part of the business is going to have a strong impact.Oh, and you asked about supply chain. So let me take the second part of that. Our global sourcing organization has really been an advantage for us. We - and the experience that we had in China allowed us to see pretty early that we were going to need to do contingency planning. We started that very early on. We have actual people on the ground in the countries that we sort from, which has really been helpful in working with local authorities and local closures and restrictions.And in particular, working out transportation logistics, and we source over 14,000 raw materials from over 85 countries, in the world. We have - we’re really well prepared for this, and I’d say that, this has been a real area of advantage for us.We’re currently not constrained on any production due to raw material or packaging shortage. We’ve had some minor items. I mean, I could talk with you about a particular spec of anthel [ph] chilli that is needed for our Hispanic business here in the US, its cost about $3,000 worth of product. I mean, we’re tracking it at that granular level. And I think that we’re in a really good shape from a supply chain standpoint.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, for the year, of course, we - there’s so much uncertainty on how this is going to unfold. I know others have given some guidance. Those have tended to be companies that are in their fourth quarter already. So they are basically giving you guidance for the next six weeks. We’ve got a whole year ahead of us. This is just the end of our first quarter.We’re one month into Q2. And the changes and shifts have been so dramatic over just the last couple of weeks that I think that we’re not comfortable even - we don’t normally give quarterly guidance, and we’d be even less comfortable doing so right now.We really don’t know the duration and the extent of the impact on the restaurant industry in particular. There are areas of the world that are still open for business. There are areas that are closed that could reopen. And we think that there’s too much uncertainty for us to give you credible meaningful guidance right now on that.I will say that - I would expect that the restaurant industry impact will be pretty heavy in the second quarter. Again, the complete closure of restaurants in some areas, even though it’s the minority of our business is going to be a drag that I think it’s hard to see the consumer side overcoming in this particular quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: I just want to elaborate on it. We are pausing the ERP program, but we are committed to our long-term success. And as a company, we take a long-term view of our program. So we’re investing behind our employees right now. We’re continuing to invest in brand marketing and it’s our intent to continue the ERP program.So we do have a team that will continue to work on it through the year and we would expect to - that the go-lives that we were planning are going to slide out 12 months or so and be back.And right now, there are two drivers for a decision to postpone it. One is, just the executional reality. Our pilots for - one of our pilots was in Italy, for example, and it has become as an executional matter impossible to do that pilot and the other pilot is also in an area where because of travel restrictions, it just wasn’t possible to do the training and work that it takes to actually bring the system up. And with no pilots there, no go-lives. And so from an executional standpoint, sheer practicality required us to push the program out.And then secondly, as we have prioritized keeping our brands and our customers brands in supply and maintaining business continuity the resources that we’re going into the program were better spent right now on the urgent needs and adapting to the rapidly changing supply requirements.
Lawrence Kurzius: You bet. So Faiza, we’ve changed - well, first of all, we’ve continued to deliver the brand marketing that we had planned to, but some of the messaging and the vehicles that we’re using have shifted. This is part of the advantage of having our in-house marketing excellence organization, we’re able to change - produce new content and change the content very rapidly. And so we made the message a bit more relevant. I gave some examples in our prepared remarks. And I think that has had a good impact.We’ve resourced up an area where consumers can write in and get real-time answers to their questions. That’s a somewhat people-intensive thing, but it’s been very much appreciated by consumers.The new products that we talked about at CAGNY were already largely being launched. And so while retailers have focused more on core items as they have scrambled to keep their shelf stock. We had a lot of placement on those items and a lot of acceptance on those items already.And although we didn’t talk about our second half new items at CAGNY, our R&D teams have continued to work on it. Our commercial teams - commercialization teams have continued to work on those. And I would expect - you should expect to see a reasonable pipeline of new products in the second half of the year as well.The shelf reset that we talked about also was already underway. And so the picture, for example, that I used at CAGNY was in an actual store. It was not some kind of a retail lab, but it was an actual store installation. We have a number of them up.Right now those installations have stop, because of the immediate demand at retail and everybody trying to minimize extra people in the store. But as all these shelter-in-place rules and so on get lifted and things hopefully return to normal in the second half of the year, we would expect that to remain.We didn’t quantify how many stores. We said we would have. I think I said at CAGNY that we would have thousands of them though. We still expect to have thousands, but fewer than we would have thought at CAGNY.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. I’m not sure I get the answers to the exact questions that you’re asking, but I do know that we - that the consumer behavioral changes that we’re seeing are significant. And rather than thinking of panel data, we actually have - we’re actually doing our own real-time consumer tracking. And so we have our own data that shows how behaviors are unfolding. There is definitely an interest in cooking at home more kind of around comfort foods, a little bit around the same trends that - some of the trends that we have talked about previously or actually - are just magnified or accelerated, so shopping online, some more adventurous cooking. Mike, do you want to add.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, Alexia, it’s a great question. Most of our facilities make products for both segments of our business. And so we can move resources within those facilities. Some of the foodservice items are being repurposed to the club store channel right now as well. And so we’re able to do that. And even beyond the manufacturing facilities, we were able to move our people to focus in on the right area. So we have a lot of flexibility on that.There are a couple of exceptions. We do have one manufacturing facility in Europe that is heavily dedicated to sauces for the QSR and food service industry. And demand is very, very slow there, and it’s difficult to repurpose that. But generally speaking, we’ve got 118 facilities around the world. We have 49 production plants. They are all able to operate, and we’re able to shift volume around to meet the current demand.
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, we lean towards the latter few. This pantry stocking behavior, obviously, is a one-time surge that isn’t sustainable. But there is real incremental consumption that’s happening. The kids are staying - are in from school. People are trying to stay close to home, either voluntarily or by government order.And people, as a result are getting used to the idea of cooking at home and are learning new cooking behaviors. We’re - our demand for recipes and how to videos on our digital properties is absolutely through the roof. The kind of questions we’re getting for our real-time response is all about cooking tips and how to prepare and what to prepare. And we think that there is going to be a sustained shift for a period of time to more at home cooking, which in the past has been a net benefit to us.The other thing I don’t want to miss is that kind of the after - however, the COVID-19 situation plays out, it’s likely we’re going to be followed by a recessionary period as well. Historically, we’ve performed well during the recessionary period. Consumers tend to do cook more at home. And they’re cutting back in other areas, they tend to reward themselves a little bit with the foods that they consume at home.And our historical track record, just looking back at the 2001 and the 2008, ‘09 time period, we’ve had strong growth in our consumer business. That’s been a positive for us overall as a company.
Lawrence Kurzius: And there’s some expense and work has been done this year, which contributes to it also. So the shape of it will likely be different.
Lawrence Kurzius: You asked about promotions, and so this kind of goes to that. So we are running fewer promotions. I think we might have had that in our prepared - my prepared comments and that’s really in collaboration with our customers who, frankly, are having a hard time executing against those.That’s probably going to add some impact on Easter, but I think that whatever impact there is on Easter, it’s going to be lost in the shuffle because of the tremendous surge right now. We are seeing the right seasonal items doing strongly in vanilla for baking a big item right now.Easter is a less important holiday for McCormick. We often talk about Easter because you’ve got to get the Easter displays down to get the grilling displays up. And the grilling season starts after Easter, and I’d say that’s the bigger factor for us is getting the grilling items out there. And honestly, with people staying at home more, we actually expect our grilling season to be really good.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. On the pantry stock, I think that there’s real incremental consumption and it’s not going to be something that’s going to have to be de-loaded. We’re talking about spices used to - spices, seasoning, condiments used to – if you look to recipe mixes used to cook meals at home, and there is more food consumption happening at home.Consumers really are eating this up. It’s not like toilet paper where at some time, there’s going to - there’d be such a glut on the market that it’s going to freeze up. There’s real incremental usage here that we think is not going to require any kind of consumer pantry unloading, at least as near as we can measure at this time. And I’d say that that would probably play into the uncertainty about it, but we have a point of view on it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Rob, I also want to - so I want to remind you that, China was largely on lockdown through most of the month of March. And so there’s going to be a pretty - there’s going to be a significant impact from China. They are in recovery now. But Hubei province actually just reopening now, and so - for example, so there is going to be an impact from that as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. I wish it was that easy. But I think a lot of what - I mean, right now, I mean, trade marketing is really about customer support and working with our customers collaboratively to keep them in supply with the items that are selling the fastest.And so the reason that there’s a reduction in promotion activity is frankly, the customers can’t keep up with it, and so you stop. So there’s - so we shouldn’t have stopped. So we have curtailed some promotions.It’s hard to see how that is kind of to play out as we go through the year, I think that we’re just going through an extraordinary period right now that will reach a new equilibrium, and we’ll be able to continue with the promotional activity that’s meaningful with our customer.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that the extent of the consumer pantry stocking and the suddenness with which it hit is a surprise to everyone. But in terms of you know, when you piece it apart and you look at orders of magnitude, the items with the highest velocities are not a surprise. They’re recipe mix. It’s our condiments.Frank’s RedHot Sauce, frankly, these items are not items that are stockpiled, but that tend to be consumed pretty quickly. And that are the ones that are seeing some of the biggest increases.
Lawrence Kurzius: And going forward, the wheel that Mike was talking about, the branded foodservice component has margins that are comparable to our consumer business. So there’s a mix of margin structures within that. There’s the branded food service with consumer-like margins and there’s a quick service restaurant piece, which is part of the business that we generally characterize as low margin.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, I can’t really - I would really be speculating on that. We are - I would say we are keeping up with the demand. It is challenging right now to keep up with that demand.And I would say that if we had not been as well prepared as we were on the supply chain side and also, frankly, building some inventory in preparation for our ERP shift that - which might echoes down all the way through our supply chain, we would really - we’d be even more stressed than we are right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, exactly, definitely not said what it was and you know we’re not going to say more than it’s significant. It is a fast changing situation. Restaurant openings and closures are being announced almost daily. And I think that it’s - I think that we’re really not in a position to give you or your colleague’s meaningful credible guidance in this area right now.
Lawrence Kurzius: And likewise on NPD, I’ve already commented on the first quarter, so I won’t repeat the - sorry, first half, and I won’t repeat that. But again, as we take a long-term perspective on our business, our R&D teams and our marketing teams and commercialization teams are continuing to work on NPD. And we have a good pipeline. Again this will pass and there’ll be - there’s going to be an important place for new products just as always has been.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. So I think that your math is right. I wouldn’t say that it’s all second quarter, but we do see a ramping up of the business, but a strong impact in the second quarter. And that you’re in the right order of magnitude there in terms of the impact that we expect.Regarding the food service industry in China, most of our customers have gone - have publicly stated that their restaurants are open and they are. And consumer traffic is slowly building. That opening has occurred over a period of weeks, but our teams would confirm that the restaurants are open.And they are depending on the region, some of the areas where recovery is furthest along like in Shanghai. And they’re seeing 30% or as much as 50%. Normal traffic in places like Hubei, you know, the openings are only - they are only like a few days or weeks into them and consumers are still not confident enough or have the freedom of movement to get into those restaurants.Hope that gives you some good color. We’ve got almost 3,000 people in China, including 1,000 in Wuhan. So, we have a pretty good pulse of what’s actually happening on the ground there.
Lawrence Kurzius: Our experience is that we’ve done well during those recessionary times. I don’t want you to forget that we’re a supplier of private label. And both - private label does well, so do our brands, and we’ve had good growth.We, again, look back at the last two recessionary periods, and our consumer business growth was strong. I think we mentioned those numbers in the prepared remarks. I’d say that our US consumer business was actually slightly stronger than the numbers that we quoted for total company.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone for your questions and for participating on today’s call. And thank you for your patience for staying over. We did want to take all of the questions. And so, we’ve run a little bit long. McCormick is a leader in flavor, and we’re differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We have growing and profitable business and operate in an environment that is changing at an ever faster pace. We deliver flavor to all markets and channels, while responding readily to changes in the industry and the world with new ideas, innovation and purpose.One of the most significant risks to any company is being unprepared to respond with agility to a significant unexpected disruption. We are all experiencing that disruption now, and McCormick is well prepared, not only to manage through it, but to emerge stronger.With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we are confident our strategies will enable us to become even better positioned to drive future growth and build long-term value for our shareholders.
Michael Smith: Hey, Andrew. It’s Mike. You’re correct. We spent around $20 million last year in 2019, and we’re going to spend around $20 million this year in 2020. So it’s not incremental. It’s at the same as comparable between the fiscal years.
Michael Smith: Yeah, I think - and we’re doing a lot of our research, even with our employees. One of the questions - one of the comments we had back from employees are snacking a lot more at home because they’re home working and the snacks are right there.So pushing a huge lift in both cooking activities and everything food is people being adventures them, too. They’re trying to use what’s in their pantry, jazz it up a bit, and we’ve seen very strong sales of a lot of exotic spices and flavoring.
Michael Smith: No, Steve, just like we’re not giving second quarter guidance or 2020 guidance, we’re not going to give 2021 or ‘22. I mean, there will be some type of shift. We just - it’s really too early. We need to re-plan this project, work around our manufacturing busy seasons and things like that. So yeah, I hesitate, but I can’t give you really any guidance there.
Michael Smith: Yeah. Part of that is hard to answer and goes to the uncertainty that makes us not want to give guidance at this time. And that there are puts and takes and they’re changing so fast that I don’t know that we can give - we’re not 100% - we’re not sure enough on how those balance out.Your point is well taken. By a longer run, more core items that that’s a very efficient way to run our manufacturing facilities. There are also a lot of extra costs related to expediting at over time - over time, definitely. We just announced that we are paying premium wages to the people who come to work. We haven’t talked about it, but we’re doing, I think, temperature scans at all the entrances to facilities, which has a cost. And so we’re - I’d say that right now, there’s some uncertainty about how those are going to balance out that we will sort through.If we were maybe two more weeks into it, we have a better handle on it, but these are things that are literally changing day-by-day. So, things like transportation, fuel rates are down, you see that at the gas pump. But some shipping rates are up too. So we’re just too early at this point.
Michael Smith: I think on the - your question about kind of the structural margin, you are right, we had a really great first quarter from a margin perspective at the gross margin line flavor solutions. We continue the portfolio migration. Our CCI teams have done a great job, and we’ll continue to do a great job during this crisis.We have a lot of volume favorabilities. The problem is going forward, Rob, if some of the volume drops off, some of those go away from an overhead absorption perspective, so you can’t really count on those to continue. But obviously, we’ll give you more guidance as we can.
Michael Smith: And as more consumers really go online to digital – and we’ve been migrating our trade spend to digital for the last couple of years. So you’ll see more of that there.
Michael Smith: Hey, Chris. This is Mike. If you remember the flavor wheel, we show the flavor solutions breakout, where we have about 45% of our flavor solutions businesses in flavors. That’s generally the higher margin business, and we talked about portfolio migration more to that.Custom condiments, coatings, ingredients, generally lower margin business. We have talked to some really good margin in there, so I don’t want to characterize the whole group. But it’s generally lower than the flavor side of the business.Specifically talking about China, I mean, China is a very developed market for us. We have scale there. We have large manufacturing facilities, lots of people. So the margins there are generally good across consumer and flavor solutions. So that’s why you’re seeing a pretty significant impact in Q1 from a profit perspective.
Michael Smith: Yeah, you would think - I mean, I think customers are trying to grow their inventories right now. I don’t know that they’re being successful. I mean, if you walk into any store you’re going to see, they don’t have stock on their shelves in a lot of areas.It’s hard to - I don’t know where that is going to stabilize. I’d say right now, I don’t think anyone in the - a retail or customer side is thinking about inventory reduction. I think right now they’re scrambling to stay in stock.
Michael Smith: What we can say, it’s different in different regions with the world, like we said before, EMEA has seen a significant downturn because of the government actions without shutting down everything.
Michael Smith: Hey, Dave. This is Mike. CCI, good question. CCI has been a long-term program for us since 2009. We have a really strong pipeline of projects coming into this year and it’s ingrained in our culture. We have teams still working on CCI programs.You’re right though, it puts a lot of stress on the organization competing priorities. But that is not any - that’s not a factor in any withdrawal of our guidance. We still feel confident about our CCI program.Again, in the second quarter, and we always say this too shall pass to some degree. And hopefully, things get back to the new normal, but we still feel real confident in our CCI program and achieving those results.
