Alan D. Wilson: I think part of what's going on there is that we've gained a little bit of share in the European business. Our share is relatively flat in the U.S. business. So I think -- I wouldn't necessarily -- and I'd say the same thing about Asia, that I wouldn't necessarily draw an inference into the performance of that channel based on our results because there's a lot of things that move back and forth based on what items we supply and what the customers are promoting and what share we've gained.
Alan D. Wilson: I think it's going to be a challenging environment going forward, but as we look at it, I mean, the 4-week data is pretty skewed because it can be based on what we're promoting and when we're promoting it. And certainly what you're talking about is a factor in the 4-week period. As I look at it over the year, we've actually seen a more aggressive price change with private label than we have, necessarily, with the brand. And actually, we've grown share over the 52 weeks, all channels, all outlets with McCormick brands versus private label. The price gaps had closed pretty significantly. What we saw in the 4-week was probably some promotional activity that would suggest about 3% price impact from private label and about 5% from the brand.
Alan D. Wilson: I think we'll still see some impact of that. And what it is, is that customers are focused on some -- promoting some items that we don't supply, so that is certainly a piece of it. It's not necessarily a drop in their promotional activity. I'd also take you back to we have very, very strong results in the fourth quarter of 2011 in that business. We were up 16% in volume. And so I think it's a little bit of they're focused on some other stuff, and we're up against a fairly tough comparison, and the pipeline has some new products that were launched in the fourth quarter last year.
Alan D. Wilson: Our Consumer business in China is performing very well as we continue to grow our distribution and gain share there. So that's performing well. We are seeing some slowdown on the Industrial side, which we've seen over the last several months. But again, it's a factor of what the customers are promoting versus what we're necessarily supplying, and that's a piece of it. We're cautious in Europe and have seen some additional pressure there, although we think we've got the right plans in terms of our new products and our promotion plans and then building for a good holiday finish. I mean, I would highlight again what Gordon already said, is that we are going to continue to invest in advertising, and a part of that conservative guidance in the fourth quarter is behind our investment spending.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we believe that is very beneficial for us because our products, even though we cover the traditional trade as well as the modern trade there, our products are really geared for convenient package, safe items, and so we do benefit as modern trade expands.
Alan D. Wilson: I would also remind you that we had the buy-in in advance of the price increase last year. So -- and it's hard to gauge that, but if we took that out, we would have more substantial volume impact in the quarter. So we feel pretty good about what our new products are doing for us, and they're going to hit what we expect them to. I would say we still are under pressure with volumes as the consumer is under pressure. So we're seeing some level of that elasticity that we always see.
Alan D. Wilson: I think the volume trend in our category is a little stronger than the 52-week and a little weaker than the 12-week in the latest. So -- and you can't gauge that much for it. We feel like, in the fourth quarter, at least in the U.S., that we're set up for very good execution against last year. Now last year, as we saw, was pretty weak in December from a takeaway standpoint. So what we're gauging is what do we ship in the fourth quarter? But we feel like we're well-poised. We've got good display activity. Things are going in. And so we're pleased with how we're set up. And the thing that we're watching is what the consumer takeaway ends up to be.
Alan D. Wilson: I think the general consensus that we're hearing is that people are seeing some recovery in volumes and some moderation of cost increases, not that they're going lower but that they aren't going up as high as they have in the past. What we're seeing from a new product activity standpoint is that our customers are focused on bigger, fewer new products as opposed to a steady stream of the base hits. So I think, that -- which would tell me that they're feeling more confident in that, and so I think, again, going back to what we're dealing with at this time last year, which was significant commodity inflation and pricing, there's -- the commodity inflation is not as high as it was, and so we expect that we should see the ability for the consumers to buy a little more and not have that sticker shock. Because I think what we saw early in the year was a little bit of the sticker shock, people living out of their pantries. And I think kind of the general impression is that things are improving a bit.
Alan D. Wilson: I think that the long-term growth rate of China is going to be good and positive, and it's going to be an important part of our business, as well as for a lot of people's business. We're seeing a general slowdown and some impact of -- with consumer confidence, I think, in China. What we're seeing in our Consumer business is that we're continuing to gain share and increase our distribution. So we're offsetting a little -- some of those trends by driving our business. We've increased our advertising there. We're increasing our new product activity, and so I think we're offsetting some of that. But I think there is a general slowdown that we've seen over the last, say, 9 to 12 months in China. But I think the long term -- my long-term view on China is that it's going to continue to grow and be a great market for us. That's why we're making the investments that we're making with the Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments business, but we're also investing in our facilities. We're in the process of completing a new technical center and a plant expansion. So we're pretty bullish long-term on China.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we were pretty regionally focused, and what we're seeing, as the modern trade starts to grow in India and then -- and from some of the other earlier comments, we expect that, that could accelerate. But the activity that we have focused on the geographies. We felt like we were missing some opportunities. This is a model that we had in China. So as we went into the acquisition, we did expect to make this change to -- and what we're talking about is a change from focusing on geographies to organizing our sales by channel. So we did expect to make that change. We -- it's early in making that, but we're very confident that that's going to be the right move for us and especially as modern trade grows.
Alan D. Wilson: I'm not sure I would draw necessarily that trend at this point. It's something that we watch, but I don't know that we've seen a measurable enough impact to really say that at this point. I think it's more the internal work that our teams are doing in the Consumer business there.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, for short-term investments, media, either whether -- either digital TV or TV or where we have the opportunity to spend, we'd seem to be -- we tend to be more developed in our developed markets in being able to do that. Our programs were set, and it's easy to add more incremental in either the EMEA region or in the U.S. to -- for that to be effective. And in the smaller markets or in the newer markets, we're less positioned with programs that we can pull the trigger on, in -- on the short term. Long term, we -- long term, by the way, we are investing in Poland. We are -- we're investing in India as well. But for the short term, we tend to develop -- we tend to focus more on our developed markets.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we certainly expect commodity cost to be up, and we're putting our budgets together now, so it's kind of early, but we would expect something in the low single-digits in terms of cost of goods inflation.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say anything dramatic. I mean, we saw the real short-term issue in the first part of the year, but I don't think we're seeing any major trend changes at all.
Alan D. Wilson: We're watching that all the time, because, as you know, we're sourcing from some potentially volatile areas of the world. We don't see anything that would suggest that we're going to have major supply disruption. But we're always managing that and staying -- trying to stay ahead of that, as we always do, with our global sourcing team. So we make decisions on bringing in more inventory when we expect something to happen or we expect a weather event that may cause some change in yield. So we're always monitoring that. But we don't see anything immediately that's going to be a major impact.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, what we're trying to do is deliver the core products that we -- that makes sense for us in a frozen format that makes -- that gives the consumers convenience and value. We're not trying to be 10-for-10s on frozen lasagna or anything like that. We're really niche-focused on the specialty items that we have, like Thai Kitchen and Zatarain’s, that we believe we can make a difference in. So by staying focused that way, we're kind of going against those trends. We recognize we have to continue to innovate and bring new products and keep that fresh. But that's our strategy in frozen. It's not to be a 30% supplier or a 30% share. It's really to augment those regional businesses that we have.
Alan D. Wilson: That's correct. And just to put it in perspective, our size in frozen would probably be a rounding error in a lot of those big companies. It's a pretty small business. It's good for us, it's great for Zatarain’s, but it's pretty small relative to the overall category.
Alan D. Wilson: No, it's actually a combination of things. It's -- we've got a pretty good stable of dessert aid [ph] products with Vahiné in France, and then a lot of what we're doing both in France and the U.K. is launching against some of our global platform. So we launched, for instance, Grill Mates in the U.K. We have launched Recipe Inspirations across Europe and Bag 'n Season across Europe. So it really is bringing our product platforms much actually less value focus than product innovation -- or than -- it's more about product innovation than it is about value in those markets. And we still have the value items that we are advertising, but it's more around the value of the cost of the meal as opposed to we're going to try to sell stuff really, really cheap.
Alan D. Wilson: We still have a level of promotional activity, and we have been promoting, especially behind our recipe mix, our dry seasoning mix items in those markets. But our product innovation isn't necessarily geared in -- to value.
Alan D. Wilson: Our revenue cycle is pretty much we bill it as we ship it. So it's not necessarily the way it's really seen [ph]. It's pretty much the same that we do around the world. So if there is -- but also the use-up on the kinds of products. Our Industrial business in Asia is predominantly a quick-service restaurant condiment or breading business. And so as we ship it, it gets used up pretty quickly in the restaurants.
Alan D. Wilson: No, I don't think so at all. I mean, the only place that could even happen is where we're shipping, for instance, a bread or to a chicken supplier that could end up in inventory there. But from our revenue standpoint, as we ship it, we would bill it.
Alan D. Wilson: Okay. Great. I want to thank everybody for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick has a great portfolio of products across our business segments, and we've got operations around the world that bring our passion to flavor to customers and consumers globally. In a difficult environment, we have a strategy that's achieving growth and building value for our shareholders.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, as we indicated for Q4, we expect it actually to be below 30%, more in the range of 27%. Or you're saying the low -- you're asking about the underlying tax rate, I apologize.
Gordon M. Stetz: No, I just go back to my comments in the call, Thilo, which relates just to the general economic environment we're operating in. Obviously, we can all read the headlines and see where there's stress around the world, in particular, Western Europe, where the consumer is still being impacted by the economic environment. Additionally, we did point to the potential for us to reinvest in the brand as well, and finally, as you heard Alan talk about, there are some tough comparisons, in particular in the Industrial side, that we're up against in Q4 on the Asia/Pacific business that -- where we were up 16% in the prior year.
Gordon M. Stetz: The current guidance would indicate that we would be up at about $15 million, would be an incremental $2 million within the quarter, with the potential for us to spend more if we determine we think it'll be an effective spend.
Gordon M. Stetz: It's pretty consistent delivery as we progress through the year, Chris, and it's a function -- it's really as we progress through the year, more visibility into the projects and the timing of their execution. So it's pretty even as it relates to the year and the quarters. I'd say because of the fourth quarter size, we tend to incur more of the benefit just by virtue of the amount of production and materials that flow through our facilities. It's still a skew towards the cost of goods sold line. It's about 80% -- 75% to 80% do relate to our cost of goods sold, while the remainder is in SG&A.
Gordon M. Stetz: Within the quarter itself, I -- we don't get into that level of detail, but I can say we're pleased, we're on track relative to the initial accretion that we have given. All the acquisitions have been pretty much performing in line. So I view that prior guidance as a gauge, and as you know, we start to anniversary those acquisitions in the fourth quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Eric, that is correct. So the 9%, it roughly breaks down into half price, half acquisition with...
Gordon M. Stetz: It's the complexities of the foreign tax credit calculation, the relationship of U.S. earnings to non-U.S. earnings, calculations and the characterization of those earnings and earnings and profit pools, foreign exchange rate relationships at the time. So it would take a lot of time, but that's in a nutshell what it's all boils down to.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, I guess, I mean, just pointing back to some of the comments we made earlier, in particular, we are up against some comparisons in the Industrial side in Asia/Pacific that is creating some level of caution for us as we head into the fourth quarter. And again, we are still looking at a world in which we see consumer stress and uncertainty, and that always gives us a moment to pause. And then as we -- I guess I'll just point finally to the comments earlier on the potential to reinvest.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, certainly that -- the fact that it was pulled in would give us an easier comp in -- versus the prior year because of that $10 million. That would be as it relates to the U.S. consumer. The other thing that I would suggest that we need to keep in mind as well is we're going to anniversary the acquisitions. We do have continued pressure from FX, and we're starting to anniversary the price increases from last year in certain markets. So I would just -- I'd also have that in mind as well.
Gordon M. Stetz: That is correct. Because if you recall, part of the whole reason for that $10 million shift is we started to implement that in the fourth quarter of last year.
Gordon M. Stetz: You would certainly expect a little bit of both, but relative to prior quarters where -- or this quarter, I should say, you'd expect some more volume.
Gordon M. Stetz: We're constantly evaluating our capital structure, Ann, and opportunities for us to improve our overall cost of capital. And as a result of that, as we evaluate and we look at our future cash needs and the current programs we have here in the U.S., we felt now is a good time to pull some of that cash back.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, clearly last year, we were building inventory for, as you recall, 2 primary reasons. One was the impact of price on the purchase of raw materials and the other was a strategic inventory build as well. We don't reveal specifically our position, but we still have a view on that. And as a result, we do carry some strategic inventory. But that, you build and then you maintain or you roll a little off or you add a little bit to it, so year-on-year, the growth rate is not as dramatic, obviously. And if you look at the increase of the inventory versus prior year, about half of it, after you adjust for FX, is going to be related to the acquisitions we did in the fourth quarter of last year. And the rest of it would be price and some -- what's left of whatever the strategic inventory build was.
