Alan D. Wilson: It's pretty hard to calibrate all the different sources of information. We use IRI and we have a custom database, so from our outlook I'll talk more generally without trying to get into specifics of the data as to what's happening. From our view, what we saw was less of a decline in share than we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. Partly, we think that some of our efforts at retail are starting to have an impact. It's going to be -- it's going to take some time, and we expect that we will win. But in terms of getting to the data specifics, it's really hard for us to get. There was a later start to the grilling season. The weather was not favorable for grilling. We're expecting a pretty good grilling season as we go through the summer, and we're planning to extend it through the third quarter and even through Labor Day and to tailgate season, so we're pretty encouraged. Most of our new products are going to hit in the second half of the year, and we're pretty excited about those as well. 
Alan D. Wilson: And we have adjusted our SG&A and headcount for the volumes that we’ve seen in -- both in manufacturing as well as in our headquarters. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, it has changed a bit in the more recent periods. Private label is more flat. Most of the -- we have one larger branded competitor and that competitor is relatively flat. And so what we are seeing is very small inroads from a number of small and regional competitors that are gaining one-tenth of a share point or two-tenths of a share point. Their overall share base is still less than 1% or 2%, I think as I looked at the most recent period, and of the ten brands that gained share, no one other than McCormick, by the way, our core A to Z actually gained a slight bit in the most recent period, but nobody had more than 2% share in all that.  So it's pretty -- what’s happening is the consumer and the retailers are pretty fragmented and some of that’s from the value end, some of that’s from the premium end. We compete across both of those segments. And so we’ve got different tactics that we are using to compete with the super-premium, and in some cases even bag spices that are finding their way into measured markets, and then on the premium end with what we are doing with our innovation. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah WAPC is growing on a same-store basis and we do expect that to continue. It's continuing to expand both geographically and in penetration. And the other thing that we are working and starting to do is to develop some synergies between our core selling force from the coastal region where they sell more of the WAPC items, and the WAPC sales force which will sell more of the McCormick items in the central region. So we are encouraged by the growth rate there and pretty bullish on that business. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, and that’s exactly what we’ve said as well. The way we measure that is with the classic marketing mix and we are looking at the impact on that marketing in the short term. Where we are spending our money is about half in TV half in digital and PR and so we are encouraged by what we are seeing. What you’ll see in the back half is additional support for our big programs like holiday, fall cooking and also some digital initiatives that will help to drive some of our new product sales. 
Alan D. Wilson: No, I wouldn’t say that anything has changed from the first quarter this year. Results are pretty similar. I will say if there is anything there is a little bit of optimism because we grew share in recipe mixes and have started to see some growth there. But I wouldn’t say that there is a dramatic change from the first quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah we still have the holiday program which we’ve had for, I think about eight or nine years now which is to get the specific displays in the store it is early as possible. Obviously year-on-year we have a lot of fluctuation based on the timing that some specific large customers take their holiday shipments. Sometimes they will be in the third quarter sometimes they’ll be in the fourth, last year because it was also combined with the price increase we had a fairly heavy buy in on that and saw the impact in the third quarter and then the resulting hang over in the fourth.  But we're still offering that program. We don’t think it will be as significant this year as it were last year when we are having a price increase.
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah. We expected to be and this year actually does look like more of a normalized pattern and we are seeing some of that with our shipments in the second quarter versus the third that are going to be close into consumption. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah most customers have their own timing. So it's not a there is not a specific time across the country where that happens. Some customers reset generally most customers who want to reset prior to the fall specifically in our category. But we're cutting in new items in January and we're cutting in new items in June. So it's hard to say that this is specific time for that. But where we are, and we're seeing progress in helping customers understand that this is a very, very profitable category for them that our interests are really aligned and the more they sell premium branded products the higher the level of their profit. And we bring consumers to be the shelf and that's the thing that we are working with them on it. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah the UK market is specifically tough market. There has been a lot of press on the large customers there and some of their challenge is specific to what we're doing in our business. It's very similar to what we're doing in the U.S. with new products and with supporting our brands with advertising. In the short term what we saw was a fair amount of competitive activity and a recipe mix category in the UK we're responding pretty aggressively with our own promotional plans. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah we're not anticipating any near term pricing, any new near term pricing in our consumer business at this point. We may have some adjustments in our industrial business to reflect changes in commodity costs but we're not anticipating near term that we will be doing that. There is some upward cost inflation specifically in commodities like pepper and vanilla and we're working with our CCI programs to help to try to offset those. Obviously if it gets excessive then we'll readjust our thinking. But certainly we're not anticipating anything before the end of 2014. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah, sure. On U.S. foods we are seeing a bit of a mix with our customer base. Our snack customers are continuing to do pretty well and continuing to innovate and we’re seeing that reflected. Our packaged food customers are struggling with core volume and part of the way that they are trying to overcome that is with new product innovation that we are working with them on. Now so what we have was packaged foods or with our consumer food manufacturer customers so far in the U.S. at least is relatively flat; snack are -- co-processed foods, kind of down a little bit and new product not quite offsetting those.  We have a stronger innovation pipeline this year than we had at this time last year. So we continue to have a good outlook on that obviously as customers adjust their thinking and focus more on promotional spending or on driving different core products, they may change that. Our innovation pipeline is stronger this year than last year in our U.S. business.  In China what we are seeing is a recovery in QSR, driven I think a lot by our customers having an increased frequency promotions and limited time offers to bring consumers back to the stores. They’ve historically been pretty resilient and they are obviously up again some weaker comparisons from last year. But we are encouraged by what we are seeing with both new product activity in China as well as the increased food traffic that they are getting to the stores and we are seeing a renewed confidence in new store openings there as well. So we are optimistic on the outlook there. 
Alan D. Wilson: Yeah we think India is certainly a longer term play. We’ve made good progress in stabilizing our supply chain and continuing to drive distribution, obviously the significant inflation we’ve seen in the price of Basmati rice has impacted our volumes there. We’ve again taken the philosophy that we generally take in a market like this that we pay as we go. So as the business earns its ability to invest then we’ll make the investment. So we are focused now on driving profitability in the business and we’ll -- and we are also introducing new products but more on driving the profitability of the business. We still believe as India develops in modern trade, as the infrastructure develops so that would be a very good market for us. It’s taken a little more time than we anticipated as we went into it. 
Alan D. Wilson: That’s actually a really good question. The gap itself hasn't changed that much. I mean it does over periods where we tend to lead with pricing and private label takes a little bit longer to catch up and as do our competitors. So we tend to see a three to six months gap in that. The impact that we're dealing with right now is more where some customers have chosen to take price threshold movement, not necessarily a percentage gap but more price threshold. So for instance they may have crossed from 297 to 309 which is a more significant impact for customers. So we're working to also get price points right so that we maximize the volume and the profit for the customers.  The percentage gaps haven't changed that much over the last seven years. They do from time to time but not -- it's not anymore significant. In fact what we've seen in the most recent periods is a little more aggressive pricing on private labels than we've seen on the brand. So by aggressive I mean the price gaps had narrowed a little more. 
Alan D. Wilson: All right. Thank everyone for your questions and for participating in today's call. As I wrap-up I’d would like to recognize Chuck Langmead, President of our Global Industrial Business. As previously announced Chuck's retiring at the end of June following 38 years at McCormick. Under his leadership annual sales of our industrial business have exceeded $1.5 billion and profits are up nearly 40% in the last five years. I want to thank Chuck for his service his dedication and his contributions and I wish him all the best.  McCormick's 2014 fiscal year is on track to be a record year in sales and profits. Our strategic imperatives around people, growth and performance are driving sales, delivering CCI cost savings and generating higher profit and strong cash flow. We bring the joy of flavor to everyday at McCormick and we believe that we're well positioned for future success. Thank you.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, you always need to challenge yourself to be competitive, and that’s the whole nature of the CCI environment, and the idea behind the program, as you know Ken, when we developed it a few years ago was to keep looking at those opportunities on a go forward basis, and you can never stop. I will calibrate it a bit though in that if you recall a few years ago in the North American businesses in particular, we did some significant rationalization, particularly in the consumer side where we did reduce a number of plants , and so therefore our footprint is pretty consolidated here at the U.S. in our consumer business. In the industrial side, our plants tend to be more specialized for customer service needs, and having said that, we constantly look at our network and the best way to organize ourselves. So we still look for these opportunities all the time. 
Gordon M. Stetz: It's getting pressure from currency, I’d say that. But I don’t want to be more specific than that. Obviously currency is going to put some pressure on that number. The other thing on the operating income line, as you heard Allen talk about is, we are supporting our business in the back half of the year. We’ve spent year-to-date $11 million in advertising promotion, and we’ve said at least $25 million in the back half. So that’s going to be a factor impacting those numbers as well.  And then just to help calibrate the tax rate, that tax rate un-favorability as you know is very much weighted towards the back half of the year. So that’s also -- something else needs to be factored in, because that all starts to occur, I think our last year’s rate for the second half was a little north of 25%, and at 29.5% that’s quite a drag on the EPS in the back half of the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: The 6% to 8% is not ex-currency, that's all in. So it would reflect whatever pressure that currency drops through to the bottom line. And generally it's not a one for one relationship but there is certainly a negative hit on that 6% to 8% from currency.
Gordon M. Stetz: We expect to stabilize and start to grow our share but certainly in the fourth quarter we think we will lapped the impact in share from last year. 
Gordon M. Stetz: Yeah we're selling in right now. The display programs are the easy things for us to track. The turn orders are a little more difficult but we're encouraged by what we're seeing with our holiday sale-in at this point. 
Gordon M. Stetz: It's certainly from the operating results from the quarter we had puts and takes. We had the strong growth in the international markets and then we had obviously the U.S. consumer results that you saw as we reported. It's too early for us to be that specific. I think all we are saying at this stage is really that we acknowledge that the tax rate is more favorable so that gives us more confidence in the upper end of the range.  As we progress through the year, I think our statements around that operating income range we firm those up as we see the traction in the U.S. consumer business and how the programs are playing out as we progress through the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: While we certainly are encouraged as you heard in Alan's comments, by all the programs and activities that we have lined up for the back half of the year. So I don't want to convey that we don't believe we're able to certainly return to a growth mode in that business. But at the same time as you know the third and fourth quarter start to be the biggest parts of our year. So we just have to see how it plays out for the rest of the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yeah there is some minor discrete benefits and by the vast majority of the adjustments reflects the mix of the geographies across tax jurisdictions. 
Gordon M. Stetz: The bulk of it is weighted more towards consumer facing advertising. Any traditional promotional around price et cetera would be between gross and net. So that's primarily that is -- that's not primarily -- that is consumer facing increases.
Gordon M. Stetz: From a year-over-year basis not too differently but as you heard in my remarks and some of Alan's remarks some of it is weighted a bit more towards the back half of the year.
