Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways, as seen on Slide 29. Our long-term performance has been industry-leading and met or exceeded our objectives, including through volatile environments. The long-term fundamentals that drove this historical performance remained strong. Several discrete items unfavorably impact our sales comparison to the second quarter of last year. Excluding these impacts, our sales performance reflects the strength of our broad global portfolio, the effective execution of our strategies and our pricing actions. Our sales growth momentum is strong. Persistent high cost inflation and supply chain challenges intensified as the second quarter progressed and unfavorably impacted our profit. Importantly, we expect to mitigate this impact in the second half of the year. We're confident that with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio, effective growth strategies and our ability to navigate challenging environments, we will drive another year of strong performance in 2022 and build value for our shareholders. Now, let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't think that there's anything of special note there. We are seeing some trade held by consumers, not just in our category but in other categories that we track. It's no surprise that consumers at the lower end of the income scale particularly are feeling a bit of pressure from inflation, not ours, but inflation across everything. I mean, gas prices are $5 or $6 a gallon, depending on where you live, and that puts pressure on consumers' pocketbook. But I would say that it's still at a pretty low level, particularly when we look at our brands and the elasticity that we're experiencing, it's still significantly below historical levels and it's not a particular concern. I'd say also, I'll add to that, our sales with private label products are certainly an important part of our business but not particularly surging.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, Ken, let me start with that. I'm going to let Mike point in on that. But I think you're in the right neighborhood with those numbers. We took -- first, when I think about the cadence of our increases and the timing of their effectiveness, you're in the right neighborhood when you think about going from 6% to 12% in the second half. I would have that -- again, our next pricing action in the Americas, our largest region, is in August. And so if you're thinking about phasing that, you should have that in mind as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Steve, this is Lawrence. And I think that you -- some of the little things that I think we're going to want to come back and talk about some of those marginal changes that you talked about. But on the big picture item, you've got it exactly right. And in fact, this was part of what we were trying to message at your recent conference. The big change here are the things that were external factors that surprised us and that is what's flowing through.  I'll let Mike walk through the actual fringe on that. But --
Lawrence Kurzius: And Steve, I would really underscore that timing aspect. A one-month difference on the effective date of our price increase, we would be having a different conversation. It would be $0.11, $0.12 of EPS on the quarter. And -- and of course, those price increases are in effect I would just say they  one month earlier. That's what the difference would have been. That's one reason why we're pretty confident that the -- that we're going to catch up with the cost.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I mean if you look at our Flavor Solutions business, I mean, clearly, foodservice is strong. Restaurants have reopened. People are not forced to cook at home. But there still seems to be a strong preference in that direction. And actually, as we went through the first half, we saw in the macro data that there was a return to dining away from home and a reduction in cooking at home. But in recent weeks, that has started to turn back the other way, probably driven by economic pressures on consumers. Cooking at home is more economical.  I think for a variety of reasons, we're still pretty optimistic on the whole retention of cooking at home behaviors. There are some pockets that are different. Baking was really largely driven by kids being at home from school. We've seen baking-related items return to the kind of really pre-pandemic levels. That certainly is a part of our European story where our Vahine brand is a big factor. But overall, the general cooking-at-home trend persists and all of those few meal occasions that are food -- home occasions because of people working remotely continue to support that strong consumption.
Lawrence Kurzius: And again, I'll just underscore that, well, we don't want to get too specific on discussions about pricing because there is customer or competitive considerations there and there is always some natural tension in those discussions. Our customers know that we've taken a long-term perspective on our relationship with them, that we are transparent in the reasons for pricing and they themselves are continuing to experience inflation. That's very broad based on some of the same factors that we are. And so those conversations have continued to be quite constructive.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Alexia. This is actually a -- I'd say our worst disruption on supply chain really was third quarter of last year and has continued to get better incrementally every month. We're not out of the woods by a long shot in terms of normalization. But the really broad scale disruptions that we were experiencing a year ago are behind us and the disruptions are pretty much more discrete factors. I'd say our global sourcing of raw materials from points all around the world for our various markets around the world has been one of our strengths through the whole pandemic experience and the post-pandemic time and continues to be a strength. Our challenges have been more on either predominantly local packaging issues and specific packaged materials from very specific suppliers. Some of them are -- continue to be a sore point. And then there's -- in areas where we have -- there's still some areas where even though we've added a lot of capacity, the demand is still extraordinary and we're pressed to meet the needs of our customers. And those -- and again, those would be in a few very specific areas.
Lawrence Kurzius: Adam, I'm going to start and I'm going to let Mike pick it up. Again, I want to let us underscore that there is a big change in the relationship between pricing and cost as we go through the -- as we go through the year. In the second half, we -- price increases begin to overtake the cost increases and rather than trailing or beginning the year, we're recovering the cost increases. That's going to be a big factor between the continued strong demand and having twice as much effect of pricing in the second half as the first half is going to be a really big factor. Mike, do you want to talk --
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. I'll add. So we don't expect COVID lockdowns to repeat in China. That's a wildcard. We've been surprised there before, that could happen again. We don't think -- we're not expecting that. But that was a big unfavorable in the first half, particularly in the second quarter that we expect to correct and normalize as we go through the second half.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, that really doesn’t have anything to do with private label. What it has to do is there's a concern that consumers may be under pressure as we were seeing some early times the consumers may be feeling some economic pressure. It's no secret that things like gas prices are up. Our customers are -- retailer customers are talking about consumers feeling some pressure. And we have some concern that between the inflationary environment and the high risk of inflation -- sorry, that's the wrong word there, the high risk of recession as we go into the second half and even into 2023, that we want to be able to make sure that consumers, especially in the lower half of the income scale, are still being served and have access to our categories. Our goal is to have products that appeal to consumers at every price point across the whole category. And between our new product launches, our brand marketing and our brand marketing activity, we are taking a tone that tries to address that pressure to consumer. We've got -- I know we're kind of hitting time and General Mills is probably talking right now, but Brendan's got a lot of color that he can add on this question and I'd like to give him a chance to.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don't want to get too specific, but I also don't really want to call out our suppliers with whom we're trying to have a constructive  competitors either for that matter. But we had some trouble with glass for our organic spices in our gourmet range that I think we have resolved now. And we've had some ongoing challenges on some other -- more of the rigid container kind of packaging and mostly in the U.S., frankly.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you. McCormick's alignment with consumer trends and the rising demand for flavor, in combination with the breadth and reach of our global portfolio and our strategic investments, provide a strong foundation for sustainable growth. We're disciplined and are focused on the right opportunities and investing in our business. We're continuing to drive further growth as we successfully execute on our long-term strategy, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on opportunities from our relative strength. We are well positioned for continued success and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think I'd add that we see a lot of strength in our Flavor Solutions business. We saw that in the second quarter and we know that will continue in the second half. So we certainly think that's going to support, I think, really our outlook for the second half overall. But also we're seeing a lot of new business come through in the back half of the year in both segments. And so we see a lot of strength coming through on that, too. So, the growth again does look even stronger as we move towards the back half.
Mike Smith: I'd also just add, you're going to see it across both Consumer and Flavor Solutions pretty much at the same level.
Mike Smith: Ken, this is Mike. That's a great question. We see -- actually, the cost peak year-on-year we see is third quarter and a little bit of moderation in the fourth quarter. We see the pricing obviously growing second to third to fourth. So I think what you'll see is some -- still some gross margin challenges in the third quarter. But in the fourth quarter, the combination impact of that pricing and full benefit there and the cost. And also think about the fourth quarter is our strongest quarter overall from a volume perspective there. And as Lawrence said before, things like China, which we make really the margin on, as that recovers from third into fourth, too, that should be a positive for 4Q.
Mike Smith: Yes. If you think about our guidance, we're coming down $0.14. If you think about from a China, Russia, Ukraine perspective, that's $0.11 right there. And then FX, as you said, we're going up 1%, that's $0.03. So there's your $0.14. Now we're recognizing that the cost inflation which you mentioned, we had mid to high double digit, we actually moved that to high double digit. So 1% to 2% more cost during the year driven by transportation, packaging, things like that. So that did hurt us in the second quarter. However -- and we're dropping a bit of that through the rest of the year, we have pricing to help mitigate that. And then below the line, some of the things you talked about, tax is a little bit of a help. Some of the interest expense things are going to help offset that. But the big drivers of the external factors -- the one thing I wanted to just correct you on brand or just to give you insight, brand marketing is now flat. However, that is really driven by the reduction in China, Russia, Ukraine and FX. So we're still spending up in our big markets to drive growth.
Mike Smith: The one thing I'd say, and you're new to our business, but the China business to us is very material. It's our second biggest market. We have three large manufacturing facilities. And the shutdown really put a lot of pressure on our cost there, a lot of extra cost for transportation, loss absorption, things like that. So as that business recovers, obviously, that goes away. I think the other thing, too, is if you think about some of these costs that came up rapidly like transportation and packaging. I mean, fuel cost, if you go back to March, gasoline prices in the quarter versus March were up 25%. That stuff rolls through the P&L very quickly. And pricing will catch up on that, but a one-month lag in pricing could be $30 million to $40 million of impact, which is like $0.10 a share. So we're mitigating that as quickly as we can, but sometimes we see that as kind of stabilizing now. And going forward, like I told you, the third and fourth quarter, where we see our cost outlook. But I think that is -- to your point about what is transitory, what is not, I think that gets the most of it.
Mike Smith: So that's why I said that's going to really help us in the fourth quarter more. It's still -- different levels of openings that are happening now, that will happen throughout the quarter, yes.
Mike Smith: And frankly, historically, you go back, Rob, a long way with us, if a recession does occur, that will drive more people cooking at home. So that bodes well, I think, for our broad portfolio.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean -- it's Mike. I mean unfavorable mix was one of the factors. If you think on a quarter-to-quarter perspective look back here, really strong performance in some of the higher-margin categories kind of -- and this year, the strongest performance was in the away-from-home versus to at-home. So a little bit -- between those two categories we mixed down a little bit, nothing to be concerned about. As we've talked about, Flavor Solutions can be lumpy based on the products we sell and things like that. But that's part of the reason.
Mike Smith: There's other factors to add. I mean we really we talk about pricing as a way to offset cost, and we have other levers when we talk about revenue management, our CCI-led cost savings. So we continue to lean hard on driving additional cost savings in this inflationary environment. We see continued strong demand driving that. High-margin products helping us there. So there's a lot of reasons to believe. To your point, though, I mean, between third and fourth quarter, I mean, the fourth quarter is where a lot of this comes to fruition from getting to a positive margin change year-on-year.
Steve Powers: Yes. So you gave a good deal of bottoms-up color on the incremental headwinds facing the business. So I think I'm clear on that. But I just want to play it back from the top down. Because your overall sales outlook hasn't really changed despite the more adverse currency. You're now expecting a marginally lower tax rate, a marginally lower share count, slightly less brand marketing. And while the expected cost inflation is higher at the high-teens level, it's not outside the balance of the prior outlook. So I guess just -- I just want to isolate and see if you could better define what is exactly driving the reduced operating profit and EPS outlook. It feels like it's the updated outlook on China, Russia, Ukraine and supply conditions above and beyond the normal cost inflation. But I just want to -- I want to confirm that. And if there's a way to quantify or rank order those factors, that would be great.
Steve Powers: Okay. That's helpful. Yes, that's perfect. That's perfect. Just a quick follow-up. On the -- to follow up on, I think, Ken's question, just the cadence of gross margin recovery. Is there anything that you would call out in the second quarter as truly transitory? So is there anything that -- any headwind that you experienced in the second quarter that is kind of unique and discrete to the second quarter that doesn't carry over, at least directionally? Trying to get a sense if there's anything behind you.
Steve Powers: Understood. I just want to play back just real quick Mike's point on China. I get it that China was uniquely detrimental to 2Q, but I don't think you're saying that, that's 100% transitory. That doesn't -- as of June 1, that's not behind you, right? That -- it gets better, but it's not --
Brendan Foley: Yes, sure. Rob, we're -- I guess, just to react to some of the thoughts you just shared there. We're seeing through a lot of our research, also what we're seeing in secondary research out there, is that there's still a heavy level of sustained cooking at home in the data overall, whether we're researching it or we're getting it from some of our suppliers there. We definitely see a sustained level of eating at home. And overall, I would say that the consumer hasn't really changed that much. Now it's performing in our categories, we're seeing it play out in a number of our categories, our recipe mix, hot sauces, we still have a lot of strong sort of consumption growth there. And so we certainly still see it play out. Certainly, there are categories like meat where you see -- you do see some decline going on there. That might affect an item or two here, but we definitely still have a very balanced portfolio where we're seeing still a lot of at-home consumption going on.
Brendan Foley: Our research, I would say is recent in the last 30 days, is telling us that there is still a sustained level.
Brendan Foley: Yes, I think the way our conversations are unfolding with customers and looking at the holiday season is one where you're still looking at, I think, improvement in supply across the season. And that is I think one of the things that underpins really a lot of optimism and strength as we go into the back half, especially as we go into this holiday season. We are certainly communicating a strength in our ability to supply and drive the holiday promotions and displays and everything else. So I would say the conversations with customers have been rather positive and strong and the outlook remains pretty healthy. Underpinned by supply, I would say, is one of the important factors there. With -- related to pricing, I mean, I think we work a lot with our customers in making sure that we're both driving category growth. And so that is a big part of our conversations as well. And -- and again, I think those conversations, and we appreciate the partnership and working with our customers on that. But the outlook, I think, remains very healthy.
Brendan Foley: Well, I think, Lawrence Kurzius, I think you hit it largely right. We're trying to make sure that our portfolio and our assortment is really geared towards what consumers are starting to face. And it could very well be price points that are lower in terms of smaller sizes. I would say though, also, there's another dynamic on the other end which is happening, which is we actually see even more consumers switching to larger sizes, looking for more value. And so it's playing out really on both ends. And so those are things that we're reacting to and making sure that we drive even more distribution and items in our assortment that serve those needs and those price points that consumers are looking for.
