Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we -- our commodities certainly are different. Most of our products are grown outside the U.S. in areas that are within a few degrees in the equator. And there's a lot of different dynamics that impact that. Weather, like monsoons in India, can impact some of the -- some of our costs. We're certainly not expecting cost declines across our core spice and seasonings ingredients. We may see some and -- that impact more of our industrial business in things like grains, but we're going to be a little counter to what you may be seeing in some of the other commodities. I'll let Gordon take the other part of the question.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, sure. What -- opening price point in the spice business, and has been there for a long time for these products. And we have a number of these brands like Fifth Seasons and Spice Classics and a couple of other control brands that would show up actually in our branded sales that sell between $0.50 and $1. And a number -- some retailers, some major retailers have reduced their reliance on those. And what's happening is, that's improving the category sales and profits for the retailer. A lot of those are shifting into private label, but that's a good thing for both us and them.
Alan D. Wilson: I never like to use weather as an excuse, but the early part of June, it was a fairly atypical weather for the early part of the summer. I think that did impact it, we saw -- and the reason I can say that with some confidence is because of the impact on grilling items and -- which is a big part of our summer sales in the U.S. So I think there was something going on there, and we've seen it from the releases by retailers and other food manufacturers that the beginning of summer was weaker than I think they expected. We're encouraged by what we've seen later in the summer and what we're seeing early in the fall.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, price increases are never easy. And as David mentioned in the first part of the call, we're a little counter to what some other companies are seeing because our products are going up and some are seeing some commodity health. By and large, and we have a long history of this, we have a good story. We are explaining the reason for the price increase and we're moving it through. From a consumer standpoint, we are certainly continuing our strong advertising program. We are promoting to make sure that we get to the right price point at the right time, so that we maintain consumption as we move it. 3% is pretty modest as this is, I think, one of the lower price increases we've had in the last 5 or 6 years.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, we believe long term that we're well positioned. There is -- there is some lumpiness in different markets that we are adapting to, and we continue to do that, but we're -- we believe that long term, we're in a great business, we are seeing category growth rates that are strong. Over time we're seeing the world's consumers continue to develop a level of affluence, which means they improve their food supply. And we think that's positive. We're seeing more move in most markets to modern trade. We think that's all positive. Certainly, we believe we're well-positioned. And we'll adapt our business to make sure that we can manage through whatever situation that we have.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we had a very strong integration plan and it's been well executed. And so I think that's a -- that is certainly a piece of it. I want to give the team on the ground a lot of credit for what they've done to bring it in. But we, given the length of time between the announcement and the actual close, we did have time to put together good plans.
Alan D. Wilson: In terms of specific restaurant customers, about half of our business is foodservice distributors and the other half are quick service. We're seeing actually more optimism in the branded food service business than we are in the QSR. From our standpoint, but remember, this isn't -- you shouldn't read that we're making a comment on the entire consumption for QSR, just the products that we supply. We tend to supply more core menu type items. And as they are introducing breakfast, for instance, that's not necessarily an area that we play in. We're encouraged that we're seeing some new product activity, but we're not seeing enough to offset some weakness in the core items.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we think over the next few quarters, we're going to see some continued improvement, but we've expected to see that for -- as we've have headed in the second half of the year. We think fourth quarter will be better, certainly, than we've seen in the first 3 quarters.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we think that will help fourth quarter consumption. The earlier we get it up, the more likely we are to move it through. And last year, we saw consumption -- even with everything that happened, we saw consumption stay pretty steady. But our factory sales were a little more lumpy because of certain internal events. But I think we're feeling pretty good at this point as to where we are in fourth quarter. We've got a good advertising program. We've got strong displays out on the floor. So we're encouraged and optimistic about fourth quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: The U.K. has been a little bit weaker. The question on what's driving that weakness is probably a little tougher. The U.K. is, as you know, a difficult market. The retailers are largely consolidated. We saw just relatively flat sales in the U.K. in the quarter. We again, we have a good line of product activity. We have advertising in place and so we're trying to make sure that we can keep our products relevant to the consumer.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the performance of our business -- the underlying performance of our business in Mexico has been pretty good. We'll finish the charges in the fourth quarter as we relocate from an older plant to a new plant, where we expect higher productivity. So we should see the impact of that as we go in through next year.
Alan D. Wilson: We haven't taken pricing in a couple of years, it's been 2 years. And so what we introduced was a 3% price, which will be effective in the fourth quarter. So you would not have seen pricing impact in the third quarter at all.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say it's a healthy market. There's a lot of volatility in India and you've seen that with currency changes. So we've got some internal things specific to our business that we're working through and that's around making sure that we've got a competitive position. But I wouldn't say that the Indian consumer at this point is a robust consumer.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're seeing -- and it is, I think, bifurcated. I think there are certain segments that are doing well. We're seeing in most of our markets more robust, an interest in high-end gourmet-type products. We did a really good job with a higher-end gourmet product in France. We're seeing that and some results in the U.S. as well. And we're seeing from retailers like we talked about, eliminating some of the opening price points, they're still a value consumer, but we're able to serve them a little bit better with better quality products. I do think it is tough. I think consumers are not feeling very robust. And I think it's a tough market.
Alan D. Wilson: It will be commercialized and we're in the process of commercializing it. It really won't impact fourth quarter very much. It will be probably be more through next year as we start to get it completely online.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we believe we've got the programs that will help us to continue to drive and increase volume. And our growth is going to be based a little bit on price, pricing is a big part of our algorithm. We only use price to offset commodity costs and we have seen that commodity cost increases. Part of what you've seen in the growth in private label has been price. Our private label customers and our retail customers, whether we supply the private label or not, have been taking price. So I think you're seeing some of that in the dollar growth from private label as well. So we're in an environment and we've been very responsible on price where we believe that this is appropriate. We have not taken pricing in a couple of years. It was time to do that because our costs have continued to accelerate. But we take our responsibility in terms of how we price, we take a lot of responsibility and accountability for that.
Alan D. Wilson: We do, in our U.S. business, about 40% of our sales in the fourth quarter. So it would be back-loaded. The highest ROI that we get in our marketing programs are geared towards the Thanksgiving and holiday -- and Christmas periods. So it just makes sense that that's where the bulk of that would be, and it supports the programs and the display activities that we have out there. We are leaning into our business. We recognize that we have had some challenges. We've typically had pretty good volume growth. We want to continue that and that's why we are leaning in with our marketing programs.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we -- I'll say, the big impact on the sell-in in the third quarter were specific large customers who took their orders at end of August instead of at the beginning of September. So that would say that they are believing, at least in this category, that there's some reason to get those displays up early, and we've seen them and they're up. So that we think is positive. Ultimately, what happens is the consumer is going to have to pull it through, which is why we have the marketing programs that we do. So we're banking on our sales -- our factory sales and our consumption relatively matching up. We haven't factored in that we think there's going to be a large de-loading by the retailers at the end of the year. Typically, we don't see that in our category in the fourth quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: I think what happens, and what's happened in more recent periods, is customers have been buying a lot closer to consumption. And in their stores, they tell us, their customers, the consumer is buying on a different pattern. They're buying closer to when they get paid. And so they're trying to manage their levels of inventory closer to when they're going to have needs. When they miss it and they have too much inventory, they immediately react to that. When they have not enough inventory, which is what happened in fourth quarter last year, they also react to that. So I think there's -- I think it's a little bit less certainty around how the consumers purchase patterns are and a focus by everybody on making sure that they're maximizing cash flow.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, without getting into giving guidance for next year, we're still putting our budgets together. But the key things that we think will help to impact, one is recovery in our U.S. industrial business and in China as well. Wuhan will add about $0.03 the next year. We do expect to be in a better position in India next year, so that is certainly a piece of it. We've talked about the impact on pension cost, which we're not forecasting at this point, but we believe shouldn't be the headwind that they've been this year. And then underlying -- and none of that stuff actually matters except the core performance of our business. And we believe that we will continue to show the kind of resilience that we have with good advertising programs, good new product introductions and execution on our -- in our core business.
Alan D. Wilson: No, it was weak consumption at the beginning of the quarter, as we talked about a fairly weak offtake for Memorial Day. And I think you've heard that, and consistent with a number of other companies. And we've seen some improvement as we have gone into the later part of the quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: I think, one, was a weak Memorial Day, a rainy Memorial Day up and down the East Coast impacted the sales of grilling products and related categories. I think if you look at some of the related categories around that, you'll see that. And what we've seen with improvement, I think, is that the consumers are starting to come back and we've seen that. And I don't want to put too much stock into to the 4-week IRI or Nielsen data, but we've seen continued improvement off the weakness from early in the quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we expect to see some impact from the new product introductions that we introduced this year. We think that will be a positive, but we also expect that we should see -- and we know the rice harvest is right now, we expect to be in a better position in terms of our rice productions for next year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we think that is at some level of risk. Our focus in the industrial sales to other food manufacturers tends to be heavily in the snack area. And that has seemed to continue to be fairly robust, whether it's crackers or chips or those sorts of things, that part of the business has been fairly robust and we still see a lot of new product activity. So we're feeling a little more encouraged with that. I think as we saw at your conference, Andrew, there are certain customers that are pretty focused on productivity and cost. And if they aren't introducing new products, that would -- that could impact our business.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, it had been a long time since we had taken an increase heading into the fourth quarter. And that one was pretty much commodity-driven. And it did give us the confidence that we can execute it and that we can maintain our promotional plans as we do that. So -- and our view was that this was a better time to do this given where our markets are and where our customers are, to be able to get it executed. And we're finding -- certainly, it's not easy, but we're finding that we're executing it.
Alan D. Wilson: I want to thank you for your questions and for participating in the call. Our passion for flavor, our broad portfolio and our expanding global presence have led to a decade of strong performance at McCormick, and we believe we are well-positioned for the future. Through our growth initiatives, CCI program and the efforts of our employees around the world, we expect to deliver solid sales and profit growth in 2013 and are committed to delivering on our long-term financial objectives.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, David, just to focus first on the retirement going forward, our -- what we're saying when we say less of a headwind is really we're speaking to the fact that this year's increase in the operating income expense impact of that was a function of the interest rate environment, primarily where rates declined at end of last year when we established our valuation. Our expectation, given the rate environment, is certainly that rates -- and as well as everyone knows this on the call, rates shouldn't decline any further. So at a minimum, we would expect that expense not to go up like it did this year. And then if it's a favorability, it will purely a function of what the rate environment is at November 30 when we establish the valuation date. And to your point on tax, tax rate, again, the favorable rate that we experienced in 2012 was primarily a function of a transaction we did, which was cash repatriation, which we did not duplicate this year and do not anticipate a similar transaction at this stage as we look into 2014. So again, we're not looking for any unfavorable comparison related to the tax rate as we head into 2014 as we had experienced in 2013.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, I think the 2 factors impacting it this quarter, the vast majority of that increase year-over-year relates to the Wuhan acquisition, probably -- not probably, 70% of that increase year-over-year is primarily the fact that we now have inventory associated with that acquisition. We did have also some increases as we prepare for the fourth quarter this year, making sure that we're ready for great execution around our products and having that inventory sufficient to drive through with the programs that we have in place. I'd say, on a go-forward basis, it is something that we continue to have a lot of programs around and we have lots of energy around our sales and operation planning process. You've heard us talk greatly about systems improvements, which we have done and we're leveraging globally. So if we look at our 3-year forward plans, we continue to believe that that's an area we can get efficiencies and continue to get a benefit in our cash flow.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, I mean really, we haven't seen a great deal of price realization in the U.S. I mean, the only price that we've taken was a minor one that was in the third quarter of last year related to pepper, so you probably saw a slight benefit. But we've anniversary-ed that now as we've come into this third quarter. So as we go into Q4, as Alan said, the latest price increase really is not executed until partway through the fourth quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, I'd emphasize back to our long-term algorithm and the elements of that, where we talk about the 4% to 6%. Now don't take this yet as guidance for 2014 but certainly, if you break that down, 1/3 of that is in the base business around strong execution and the strong category trends, 1/3 of that through the innovation and 1/3 of that through acquisitions which have occurred, on average, over time. So if you look into next year, we have certain elements of all of that with a little bit of price. So that's the way I would be thinking about it.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, just -- you pointed out all the accurate elements. We are looking at a more favorable comp in Q4 as it relates to both the U.S. consumer business and the global industrial business. When you net the 2 elements of the pull-ahead and the issues that we experienced last year in the Americas on the consumer side, we're probably up against a net headwind of about 2% to 3%. So your question obviously is what gives us the confidence. Well, we're starting in a good place with the merchandising displays up there and we're starting in a good place with the consumption trends that we're seeing. And behind all that, we have very, very strong programs targeted in every month in advertising around, as you heard us talk about the mega events and for holiday cooking. So ultimately, it's going to be the execution and the pull-through that we're gearing up. You heard us talk about $10 million of incremental spend to drive those sales. So we're looking for sales recovery in that Q4. Combining that with what we would see as an improving gross profit trend relative to what we've seen prior year in the first 3 quarters, that's all the elements of our thinking in our guidance.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, as we try to highlight in the call, Akshay, that from the U.S. consumer side, the underlying core was not as strong as what we would have liked based on the slow start to the third quarter. However, relative to our expectation on the holiday program, that came in a bit stronger. So net-net, 9% operating income growth on the consumer side is pretty strong and I'd say, primarily close to our expectation, although we would have liked to have seen stronger performance in areas that have been doing quite well year-to-date. Europe is -- was flattish in consumer. And although the team is doing a great job there, that had been up until that point, performing at a slightly better rate than that. And certainly on the industrial side, we would have -- we expected a weaker performance, but we would have liked to have seen even stronger performance out of the industrial side relative to our expectations. So basically, that weakness in those areas were offset by the tax rate.
Akshay S. Jagdale: So I wanted to -- I'm a little still confused on how this quarter turned out relative to expectations? Obviously, lower guidance. The numbers came in on the sales and gross profit, and gross margins are much below what we had, but we could have been way off. So how did the quarterly sales numbers come in relative to your expectation? And then I have a few follow-ups on that.
Akshay S. Jagdale: That's helpful. And then just focusing on the base consumer performance on sales, what was it that came -- I mean, is it the consumer switching to private label? Was that something that was unexpected? Or was there something else to it? I mean, I'm just trying to gauge what might happen in the fourth quarter? So I'm trying to understand whether it was the consumer behavior that was different than what you expected? Was it your execution in the stores? Just if you could give some color on that, that would be helpful.
Akshay S. Jagdale: And so what -- what do you think is underlying, sort of, why is that happening? Why is the consumer...
