Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 32. We delivered solid organic sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share growth in 2019. We expanded adjusted operating profit margin and drove strong results in both segments.Our 2020 outlook reflects strong operating performance driven by a solid foundation, continued strong momentum and the successful execution of proven growth strategy. Our underlying business is robust, with offsetting impact from an incremental business transformation expense and a significant tax headwind.We're confident that 2020 will be another successful year and we will continue to build long-term value. Importantly, we are continuing to deliver differentiated results, while significantly investing for growth to build the McCormick of the future. We'll share more about these transformation investments at CAGNY in a few weeks.Now, let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: 2020, we've got to build the whole global template and spend it up. And then, when we go-live with our pilots, we actually have to start depreciating and realize all the expense for that.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that's a separate aspect. Our priority, of course, is growth. And so, if we had an attractive asset that we wanted to buy, we would adjust our ERP plans in order to accommodate it. So, we've been thoughtful about that internally and we don't believe that it would interfere with our ability to do an acquisition of the right asset, whether it be a bolt-on or a large one.
Lawrence Kurzius: Exactly. So, that's actually part of the answer. So, the private label was one of the factors in Q4 that was down. And we talked about in Q3, it was up. And I would think this is just the kind of the normal ebb and flow of this business. Private label is not as strong as it was a year ago and you can see that through the consumption data, and that's reflected in our performance as well. I think this is more of a kind of a normal ebb and flow in that part of the business.We are selective about where we participate, and so there are always a level of wins and losses; we want to participate in private label where it's a strategic value to us and also where frankly it's profitable.I think you can see that, as you look at our fourth quarter in the Americas in particular, brand came in strong, private label was light, and that change in mix shift flows right through in the margin [indiscernible].
Lawrence Kurzius: So, I'll say a few words about this. Of course, our concern, first and foremost, is for the health and safety of our employees and around product safety. So, I want to emphasize a lot of our efforts and responses are directed to that. We don't disclose our China sales specifically, but we do talk about – as you know, anything that's over 10%, we do have to spell out. Well, China is a large country for us. It's our largest after the US. It's less than 10% of our sales and quite a bit less than 10% of our profitability even though that is a profitable business. I think it's too early to really know what the impact is going to be on us.We've got three plants in China. One is in Shanghai, one in Guangzhou and one in Wuhan. Right now, all of them are closed. It's the Chinese New Year holiday. They closed in the normal course of business actually before all the government restrictions were put in place. So, this was a very orderly, plant-full shutdown for their regular holiday season. Normally, there's about a 10-day shutdown period for the Chinese New Year.If everything was normal, they'd have reopened for business on February 2 along with the rest of the – February 3. I think it's the Monday for resumption of shipments. And that's actually the date that the government has put out for most of the country to reopen operations.The city of Shanghai has put in a special restriction, saying that companies can't reopen until February 10. But other than that, there's really no new news for us. And so far, it's not a business interruption. I think it really remains to be seen how far this goes.Certainly, the reduction in people traveling, being able to go out to eat, being able to shop at the grocery stores is not a positive for business. We can't really quantify it right now. We certainly think more facts will come out over the coming days really and we'll be better able to understand what the real business impact is.
Lawrence Kurzius: If there's one thing to kind of caution around our first half of the year, it's the uncertainty around this.
Lawrence Kurzius: First of all, at the end of the – on our Q3 call, we did guide through the low end of our range for a variety of reasons. We talked about some unseasonable weather impact and the warehouse transition in our flavor solution side on the Americas part. And those factors did spill into Q4 really in the September timeframe, in particular. So, we did come in a little light due to those factors rolling forward, especially in September, and some softness in private label in Canada that we mentioned in our prepared remarks.I would think that the Canada softness is nonrecurring. It related to the promotional activity that we didn't repeat and we see that as a nonrecurring factor. The private label, probably I would expect that to carry into the early part of the year as well. So, that will be the one carryforward item. So, those were some of the negatives.I will say, on the positive side, the quarter started a little soft, as I had mentioned. We had unseasonable weather in September in the Americas. We did have some hangover from the warehouse transition. But it's got stronger as we went through the quarter and definitely finished on the strong side. We had strong consumer consumption and strong branded growth, which as I had on Andrew's question. You can see in our margin, the flavor solutions was really solid other than the warehouse issue early in the quarter. So, I wouldn't think there's anything untoward there and really no reason to – I don't really think of anything as being a negative there that would carry forward.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we also changed – we skewed it. So, if you recall, in the first half, we were below year ago. In the second half, we were above. And that's what you're seeing in the fourth quarter, operating income coming through kind of – I won't say hoarded it, but we should skew the A&P towards the fourth quarter where it frankly – where it has the highest ROI. And you'll see, in the next year, as we said in the prepared remarks, we were going to outspend A&P. The comparison is easier in the first half of the year where we'll have increases in A&P a little above our full-year guidance.[Multiple Speakers] it's really effective.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd say, there's no change in our thinking about acquisition. If we were to do a bolt-on size acquisition that contributed to our international business to kind of balance out the skew that we've got towards the Americas right now, that would be a plus. Flavor solutions, we're certainly interested in assets in that flavor space. And those are certainly areas where we would be looking to fish. And the same set of the larger assets that we have on our internal tracker are still out there in the market. There have been some large transactions in the space. They were not things that we were targeting.
Lawrence Kurzius: We expect the guidance for both businesses in the 2% to 4%, which is consistent with our strategy [indiscernible]. We feel there's opportunities [technical difficulty].
Lawrence Kurzius: And we've looked at some targets. So, we're actively considering assets that come available. We feel that we have a clear line of sight to getting down to our target. We don't think that we actually have to literally get there. So, we're not going to let a great asset get away.
Lawrence Kurzius: The outlook that we gave previously were literally the program costs around the IT program itself. They did not include the broader business impact and preparation of the business which we're now giving quantification of and guiding to All of the costs associated with building and holding inventory and business preparation is about 50% of the increase in the OpEx component that we're talking about here. And our concern here is really to make sure that we have a smooth go live without any disruption to our customers and to mitigate risk around these go-lives. That would be our hope that they go smoothly and we've gotten a lot of experience in going live with SAP. So, we're not neophytes to this. We did just go – brought up all of the RB Foods business on our old version of SAP very smoothly and we would hope that this goes smoothly, but we don't want to just hope. We want to make sure that we're really doing the things that it takes to mitigate that risk. That's a portion of it.And then also, we haven't given any kind of window into some of the other expenses. We have software as a service that we start to realize and the depreciation costs which I'm probably better off letting Mike talk about. So, I'm going to stop on that point right now and let you take over on that.But then the second piece is also around mitigating risk, strengthening to change management program. So, we've taken that a lot deeper. As we've looked at this, we just have really been thoughtful about identifying areas where there might be – a business might be at risk or if something doesn't go right or where – we're not taking for granted, people working in a plant, looking at new screens are going to get it quickly. So, we've really doubled down on the change management program, the number of super users that are embedded in the business and we've extended the deployment schedule just a little bit following the pilot to make sure that we've got time to adjust if anything does surprise us in the pilots which again we don't have any reason to believe it will, but we're trying to be thoughtful and mitigate the risk as much as we can. Go ahead, Rob.
Lawrence Kurzius: Obviously, we will, Rob. We realize this is a multiyear program, but we will definitely be very transparent with this.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. I don't think we want to break out that pricing portion of the guidance separately, but the pricing we are planning to take contributes to the confidence we have on our outlook for 2020. That's for sure. And I'll say that when we do take pricing, we know there're some elasticity impact as well, so we're considering that as well. But just because we're taking pricing doesn't mean it's literally added to the results that we realize in the absence of pricing. You have to consider pricing and volume together.
Lawrence Kurzius: …spices and seasonings business shift, as I mentioned. Consumption was strong. We shipped well ahead of consumption as we lapped that dip on those branded items and that's definitely a contributor to the strong gross margin in the quarter. That's really where you see that through. There is an offset. So, it's less visible on the top line. As we said, that soft – I'd say the lower private label sales and some softness in Canada.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, those category turns on private label are nowhere near what they were a year ago or two years ago. So, we see that flatten out. But really, it's just – I don't want to over-bake it here. Third quarter private label was unusually strong. It was a little softer in the fourth quarter and I'd say that this is just kind of normal ebb and flow in that business.
Lawrence Kurzius: From a gross margin standpoint, there's no doubt that private label is lower. I don't want there to be any misunderstanding about that. Was there like a return on investment? It's surprisingly close to brand because these other expenses and utilize existing capacity and so on. But private label certainly lower gross margin.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth.We have a growing and profitable business and we operate in an environment that is changing at an ever faster pace. We're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation on purpose. With a relentless focus on growth performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build long term shareholder value.I'm proud of our 2019 financial performance while doing what's right for people, our communities and the planet as well as our positive momentum heading into 2020. I'm confident and in our 2020 outlook, another year of strong underlying business performance, while making significant investment in business transformation to fuel our growth and build both the McCormick of the future and shareholder value. Thank you.
Mike Smith: Yeah. In 2020, we'll have expenses for the pilot as we mentioned and also – it's our heavy investment year. 2022 and 2023 is when we get the wind down and the benefits really kick in for us.
Mike Smith: Ken, I think it's a consideration. Definitely something in the last week or two, we've thought hard about. Yes, I'd say so.The other point I'd raise too, this Wuhan manufacturing facility, we source from China and sell into China. There's really no external…
Mike Smith: I think if you look at the fourth quarter tax rate, which was 24.7%, it's going to be in that range. We didn't – hardly have any discrete items in the fourth quarter. So, yeah, the underlying tax rate is in that range. Of course, we're always looking to optimize structure and things like that to help drive that.From an ERP perspective, like we said, there's a lot of cost going into 2020 and 2021. 2021 is when we really have the big deployments. We had the pilots this year and we're building out the global model in 2020. Those are the big years. We'll have some expenses out into 2022 and 2023 as we bring up some of the other regions, but they'll fall off pretty rapidly.
Mike Smith: No, no, none of this program is going through special charges. This is all just going right through the P&L, normal GAAP.
Mike Smith: Yeah, Alexia. This is Mike. We saw in the second half of the year, flavor solutions margins did improve. We had a tough comparison in the first half because of the transactional FX rates. Those did ease in the second half, like we talked about earlier in the year. So, we do see those favorable trends continue as FX really for 2020 is going to be a neutral impact versus negative 2-ish percent in 2019. So, that's a favorable trend there. And we do see continued optimization of our portfolio, more value-added products in flavor solutions to help drive margins upward.On the consumer side, in this year, in 2018, our advertising increased about 18%. So, in 2019, we basically have spent comparable – we decided we were going to optimize our spend, form the marketing excellence program. And even though our A&P spendings were flat, our working media was up double-digits. So, we really got the optimization there.
Mike Smith: Those are great questions. On cash conversion cycle, yeah, we're down 44 days since 2016. So, we really put a lot of effort into our program across all components of working capital. We do see there's a lot of runway to go here with extending terms and other programs. We do, however, also realize that sometime this year we're going to start building inventory which will eat into some of those gains, but I think the opportunities overall still do outweigh some of that inventory build. I don't want to give you a cash conversion cycle forecast. I don't want to get into that much detail, but we still do think there are some opportunities.And the nice thing is once we get these go-lives behind us, we do think there's a lot of benefits from a working capital perspective from being on one global system. So, as part of the return that we're expecting from our ERP investment quite frankly.From a capital allocation perspective, you're right, we're down to 3.4 times debt to EBITDA. We're going to continue paying down debt this year in the absence of M&A targets as we promised. We reauthorized $600 million of buyback. We were down to $32 million. We're using that as stock options we've got to exercise for neutralizing the impact there. In the near term, we'll continue to do that. We don't see any large stock purchase or anything like that. M&A is obviously where we – paying down debt and attractive M&A targets to drive growth are two best uses of cash.
Mike Smith: I'll just say, these programs are expensive. They are multiyear. They are major, broad, enterprise-wide programs. And it is a lot of money, but we believe the price tag is in line with the experience that others have had when you consider the all-in cost.
Mike Smith: Yeah, Adam. This is Mike. From a cost perspective, we're seeing pretty broad based increase across a lot of items. Some are declining. Some like garlic are going up, but pretty much every category has seen inflation higher than the last couple of years, whether it's packaging, shipments from overseas or some new regulations there are causing some increases. So, I don't want to pin it on one thing, but from a pricing perspective, we've obviously built that into our plans.
Mike Smith: I'll also add that we've got – there's always some commercial tension in the discussions about pricing. So, I don't want to get overly specific about where we are. I can say that, in the Americas, we've really completed our pricing negotiations and have that resolved, and those pricing changes are going into effect as scheduled. In other parts of the world, it varies somewhat by market sometimes because of statutory reasons. But we'd expect to have it all in place by the end of the first half.So, you'll see a ramp up in pricing most likely during the year, our results.
Mike Smith: Chris, this is Mike. There's a $60 million incremental investment we're making this year that we wouldn't have in a normal year. So, I wouldn't expect CCI to offset that. CCI, what it does is it drops through the P&L. It covers things like increased advertising as we make more investments in things, increased SG&A costs for salary. Actually, if you look at our guidance for next year, we have about 50 basis points adjusted operating profit increase which is our long term algorithm. So, I think the value is, we can't expect when you have a $60 million incremental item to cover that. And frankly, we hit $190 million this year on CCI. We're guiding to $105 million. Some of those resources we use to drive CCI are really supporting the ERP program. So, we just want to be aware of that too. We can't just turn on CCI and make it go up $60 million.
Mike Smith: Yeah. Four years ago, when we started the four year program, that was kind of a different time in the food industry and we wanted to really show how we were different from a cost perspective and really planful and thoughtful about this and not doing ZBB and all that sort of stuff. At this point, it's a year-by-year process, but it has a – there's a long term plan to it.
Mike Smith: Things like ERP, that will generate savings in 2022, 2023 that are built into our internal – we have an internal program, but we don't talk about that externally. We'll give you the yearly buckets as we get the guidance.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think it will be lower. We had a nice decline this year. I think if you model based on our outstanding debt, continued cash conversion, you can – it will be down definitely.
Mike Smith: I think we'll start getting benefits in 2022. So, you kind of compartmentalize 2020 and 2021 as a significant investment, increased expenses around the same level of impact on the P&L between 2020 and 2021. And then, 2022 there's lesser go lives and then the benefits kick in, so you get a nice tailwind in 2022 and 2023.
Mike Smith: I think, overall, you've got to understand with private label, we're pretty much focusing on large customers where we get the plant manufacturing optimization or distribution optimization and it's because we do a whole service for the customer. And from a total margin perspective, the other thing, compared to brand, you don't have things like innovation, marketing, things like that below that. We'd much rather sell brand.
Mike Smith: We're nodding our heads, but you can't see. But, yes, we certainly do. We've got a lot of reasons to belief in our growth plans for 2020. Certainly, there's the – pricing is an element of it, but we have confidence that we're going to be able to continue to drive our undisputed leadership in spices and seasoning. We see continued growth opportunities in condiment and global flavor, particularly in those areas where we've got scale. Notwithstanding the issue in China, which we hope is short term, we think that emerging markets and channels and platforms are our continued growth opportunity and with all of our programs and especially with all of the digital e-commerce and social media outreach that we do, we're strengthening our consumer connection. So we have a lot of reasons to believe that – or growth plans for 2020 are solid.
