Gordon Stetz: Thanks very much for those remarks, Lawrence. Joining McCormick 28 years ago was one of the best decisions I have ever made. This is a great company. It’s only gotten better during my time here. During my years at the company, we developed our focus on flavor and led to terrific growth opportunities and strong shareholder return. We improved our productivity, generating our fuel for growth. I am so proud of our teams in finance, shared services and information technology and appreciate all of their efforts. I truly feel blessed I have had such a talented team. My decision to retire at this time is based in part on Mike’s readiness to move into this role and my confidence that Lawrence, Mike and the rest of our leadership team have the energy and vision to create a bright future for McCormick shareholders and employees. This is the right team to manage the challenges of an increasingly complex world and capture the great opportunities that are ahead for this company. For those on the call, I value the opportunity to build relationships and provide insight into our business. You have been generous in sharing your views of our business and your knowledge of the food industry and I thank you all greatly for that.
Gordon Stetz: We are still expecting this year to be low single-digits. And I wouldn’t – low single-digit inflation on our input costs. And I would expect any material change quarter-to-quarter on that. So you may get some noise but generally, it’s pretty consistent. In terms of next year, we are in the midst of strategic plans and looking into our budgets so that we are still developing and as a result, we will be providing that guidance, as we always do in the beginning of next year. So we are still pulling all that together and looking all the puts and takes there.
Gordon Stetz: Our expectation is, as Lawrence indicated in his opening remarks, is that we will start to see the trends, start to migrate closer to the actual consumer take away numbers. We are starting to anniversary some of that heavy promotional activity from that customer. So these should start to become more in line as we go forward.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. I mean, this cost as we have said in the remarks is specifically attached to the activity we had around the Premier Foods that we were approaching. So, obviously that doesn’t occur every quarter. And to the extent that we don’t have that size or that type of an activity, we would not expect that to recur. We always have pipeline activity and year-to-year, those costs are fairly similar. You know we closed the Gourmet Garden activity in the second quarter, we had cost associated with that. But we also had cost in the prior year. So, the $5 million incremental is something that I would characterize as somewhat unique given the nature of that deal and the size of that deal.
Gordon Stetz: Well, I think, this is Gordon, Chris, I think certainly part of our confidence in indicating the upper end of our range is in both gross margin and the EPS is a function of our confidence in seeing these CCI benefits come through. They partially gone to absorb the incremental acquisition cost that I just described. We talked about $5 million in the first quarter – I mean in the second quarter, but we had probably another additional $1 million in the first quarter as well. So, part of it has gone towards absorbing the incremental cost associated with that deal I referenced earlier. But it certainly has given us greater confidence in our outlook for the year. Hence, we are expressing confidence on the upper end of the ranges.
Gordon Stetz: And that’s a very good point. And we absorbed the incremental acquisition cost in the first part of this year as we mentioned earlier.
Gordon Stetz: We are very – we have acquisition activity all the time. The one that we described earlier I would say is as unique as those of you have followed us. I would also say we are very cognizant of the financial reporting requirements as required by the SEC and there has been certain amount of guidelines put out recently. So, we certainly honor that and respect that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks Gordon. You are with us through December so don’t say too many goodbyes just yet. In the same announcement, Mike Smith was named Executive Vice President and CFO effective September 1. Mike will serve on our management committee and assume Gordon’s responsibilities, which include oversight of the company’s global finance organization as well as McCormick’s shared services and information technology. Mike brings to this role a deep knowledge of the company and experience as a finance leader in both corporate and operational roles, including those in North America and in our EMEA region and across both Consumer and Industrial segments. In each of these roles, he has been a – he has a proven track record of creating value and growth. He is actively driving our positivity improvement and led the work behind McCormick’s recently announced goal to reduce $400 million of costs over the next 4 years to create fuel for growth. Mike, congratulations on this promotion, I look forward to working with you in this new role.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Akshay. Well, first of all, regarding the gap and off-take versus shipments, that’s – obviously, it’s not something that is sustainable. We always expect that shipments will ultimately reflect consumption. So this gives us a good bit of optimism about the course of our branded business. We are not particularly calling out economy and private label, but we have talked about certain control brands that major retailers have that they put emphasis, promotional emphasis on in the past. We are lapping that. That was a year ago. A major retailer took a very strong promotional stance on a very low priced economy brand, control brand that we manufacture for them. And that has really run its course. And I think that’s what’s coming through and maybe some softer shipments on economy and private label. I will say this is, that that change in mix is quite positive for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I will take the recipe mixes. Alexia, in the year ago period, we had some really strong performance. There was a product recall of an ingredient that was in a lot of our competitor’s products that did not impact McCormick. And so we had a bit of an advantage at the shelf for a period and we have certainly lapped that. We are quite optimistic actually about the outlook for our recipe mixes for the rest of the year. We are launching our organic recipe mixes this quarter. We think that those are going to be a significant increment to our business. We have shown that recipe mixes are quite responsive to innovation. A big part of the improvement that we have had in this business has been the launch of recipe mixes, such as the non-GMO – sorry, not non-GMO, the gluten-free recipe mixes and we have got a great incremental response to that and we expect the same for the organic recipe mixes.
Lawrence Kurzius: The major pricing actions that we anticipated taking this year are all in place, Chris. So, we don’t have any broad scale price increase activity. There are a couple of specific items where there is some cost pressure and were some unique, very targeted pricing actions are planned, but I would not expect that to be – it’s not going to be something we are going to be talking about particularly.
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, for – let me differentiate between the U.S. and Canada. Canada, we had to take quite substantial price increases just reflecting the change in cost and change in currency value. And so that we have seen an elasticity impact there and that was what we were, what I was calling out in the answer to that first question that David Driscoll had. But in our U.S. business, the price action that we took was quite surgical. We had a good understanding of elasticity. Our anticipation was that we would see minimal impact on volume from it and in fact that has been the case. We really don’t see any kind of volume detriment in our U.S. business. I think if you look at our unit off-take data versus our dollar off-take, the units were doing better than we are on dollars. We did take pricing, but we have also worked with retailers on category pricing recommendations, that to a great extent, has mitigated that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Jonathan. First of all, good morning, I think we didn’t say hello when you got on there. It’s an interesting question. I think that McCormick is really advantaged in this area. There are a lot of reasons for consumers to both have their heads and their hearts behind the McCormick brand. There are good rational reasons why our product is better and it’s the story that we are telling to consumers. But there is also real heart reason. And so, we are – I am not sure that we are seeing the same kind of erosion of loyalty that perhaps some of the other food companies might be talking about. I think also, our brands are and our product – really our category is in line with the way consumers want to eat today. And as consumers cook at home more and are more ambitious about the things that they cook, our brand is a big beneficiary of that. I think that we have a bit of a natural tailwind from two sources. One is the new dietary guidelines news that came out this year. That has really encouraged consumers to make greater use of herbs and spices. That’s a positive for our category, but as the leader in the category, we are a very big beneficiary of that. And then the second thing is that we actually do better with Millennials than we do with boomers. And so as Millenials come to be a bigger part of the shopper universe, that is actually a natural tailwind for us, which is different than some of our food company peers.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, I will take the – I will start with this and maybe Gordon and Mike can pick up on the margin side of it. But about 40% of the briefs that we do for our industrial customers have some sort of health and wellness aspect to them and that’s actually been the case for several years now. All of the TPG companies are trying to improve their portfolios with cleaner labels, healthier sounding ingredients, statements. No one wants to have a flavor in there that they have to call a flavor. And many of the – of our consumer products go to customers, we are trying to reduce sodium, reduce MSG, take out sugar. And so, that’s about 40% of our briefs globally. It’s a higher percentage in the U.S. And so we believe that we fit right in. It’s a bit of a sweet spot for us. I mean part of the unique selling proposition that we take to our industrial customers is that we are not a chemical company, we are a food company. We approach their problems from a food and culinary perspective and that’s where we start. We offer unique, technical solutions that are very competitive. We have an increasing portfolio ourselves of proprietary technologies to solve their problems and this we believe is an important part of our long-term growth story.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that we are improving the assortment in the price – and in the main spice section, we are, if anything actually kind of reducing assortment outside of that area. That reduction is coming at the expense of other brands. But – and I don’t really see a material change in the merchandising. If anything, I think we may be doing a better job on quality of merchandising, but there is not any kind of meaningful increment in merchandising activity. Really, the growth is being driven by the consumer. We have got a great message for the consumer, both for the category and for our brand. And there is a lot – for the category, there is this strong interest in cooking from scratch and flavorful healthy eating that that does benefit the category. And for ourselves, I believe that the moves that we have made to improve the appeal of our brand to consumers, particularly younger consumers and the stronger marketing messaging that we are doing on the A side of the marketing support versus the P side, both through traditional media and through digital media, that’s really paying off for us and a great innovation program that’s brought new news to the category as well. And in particular, with some of the recent activity, we are working to get our own brands a stronger presence in the perimeter of the store, particularly over in produce and again I think that, that’s going to be a benefit for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: I don’t want to get too specific on that, but I will say that, that we have – we have got a robust pipeline of opportunities and targets. As you would expect, we are always in dialogue with somebody or multiple somebody, but there is no – but I really can’t comment specifically on – I don’t want to get too specific on that. I would say that there are plenty of opportunities for us out there.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. This has been an ongoing program that we have been talking about on calls and in conferences for the last 2 years really as we have evolved our analytic capabilities and understanding of price elasticity and worked with retailers on modeling the category in a way that really optimizes the profitability of the category for them. And as it generally works out what optimizes the category for the retailer tends to be a good news for the McCormick brand as well. So, we have been adding tools that allow us to give greater and greater precision and give fact and database guidance to retailers on pricing decisions for the category as a whole and assortment decisions for the category as a whole. Those recommendations include, in many cases, lowering the price points on McCormick brand products. Sometimes that includes our recommendations about changes in the price points for their private label, for economy brands and for other brands in the category where they may have some irrational pricing that’s happening in the store or where they may have pricing that they don’t even know about, because there maybe a rack of spices in another department of the store that the spice category buyer doesn’t even have visibility to. And category profitability is leaking out through that backdoor. So, we have made those kinds of recommendations. And those retailers who have accepted those recommendations have tended to outperform the category and we have outperformed – and we have definitely gained share in the cases where those retailers have taken our recommendations. I think in our remarks though we may have – I don’t know if we included it in our remarks, but with retailers who have taken our recommendations, I think in the first quarter, we reported that we have gained about 60 basis points of share. We can now track that to 120 basis points of share gain in those retailers who have accepted our recommendations and that set is becoming a bigger and bigger set of retailers. One of the ways that bleeds through in the syndicated data is that our unit share growth has been stronger than the category where our dollar share of growth is tracking slightly behind of the category. That’s really reflecting that shifting at the retail price points.
Lawrence Kurzius: Actually, we have got two businesses in South Africa. We have a fully consolidated industrial business. That’s an ongoing business that we are continuing with. We do have a JV in South Africa with a specific customer. That JV is almost captive supplying almost 100% of its volume to our JV partner. We had a 10-year supply contract that is coming to an end. And so as part of concluding that, we are working with them to wrap up that JV. So, it’s not really a reflection on the market. It’s really very specific to that one relationship.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, thanks everyone for your questions and for your participation on today’s call through our growth strategies and our people, experienced leaders and engaged employees were driving performance at McCormick. We are increasing our base business, accelerating innovation, expanding the availability and footprint of our business, and excelling in customer intimacy and consumer insights and fueling this growth with cost savings led by our CCI program. 2016 is shaping up to be a very good year for the financial results in the first two quarters and great momentum heading into the second half.
Mike Smith: Thank you, Lawrence. I am excited about serving as CFO of McCormick and the opportunity together with McCormick’s leaders and employees throughout the company to drive our growth and performance. It’s been great to work closely with Gordon and the entire management committee for the past year to prepare for this new role. Gordon, I wanted thank you in particular, for your mentorship and offer my congratulations. Over the past few years, I have gotten to meet a number of the analysts and investors who follow McCormick and look forward to continuing to build these relationships and your knowledge of our business.
Mike Smith: Hey Alexia, it’s Mike. I will talk about the margin goals first and I do look forward to working with you. The margin goals, if you look at our guidance, our external guidance right now, 4% to 6% net sales growth, adjusted operating profit growth of 7% to 9%, we do have implicit in there, margin growth of about 40 basis points if you look at the middle of the range. We do think about that sometimes, but at this point, we felt very comfortable with putting up the $1 target, seeing how we progress against that and something we may consider in the future, but we feel good with our long-term guidance there.
Mike Smith: I think your pricing question, I mean some of these organic supplies do cost a little bit more, but we consider that when we did our U.S. consumer pricing increase this year, our surgical pricing, so we have that covered.
Mike Smith: Hey Brett, this is Mike. We haven’t moved off our guidance for the year. I mean there has been, with the thousands of different raw materials we have, some things are up and some things are down. We put the pricing in place, I am talking about you U.S. consumer here, to offset that at the beginning of the year, but low to mid single-digit inflation is what we are calling for the year and we are sticking to that and the pricing actions, as Lawrence said, have been put in place. So it’s just a variety of moving parts, but our – we have a great procurement team and we have strategic supplies for some of these things as we make buys during the year and we feel good about where we are.
Mike Smith: And from a margin perspective, generally, when we engineer new products or reengineer products, we have pretty good margins. We get cost optimized later as we know as the product becomes successful, but we are really happy with the margins we can get on this new business.
Mike Smith: Well, certainly the underlying business we see is performing quite well. So, that’s one of it, the CCI you just mentioned. I would point to just from a math perspective, the tax rate was biggest headwind in the first part of the year. And we have pretty much gone through that. So, the back half of the year, the tax rates will be more comparable to the prior year. So, the strength that you see on that operating income line growth is what will be driving a lot of it. Obviously, to that incremental marketing spend is – about half of it was in the first part of the year, that’s impacting smaller quarters. As you go into the bigger quarters in the back half of the year, it doesn’t have as much of an impact, because just by virtue of the size of the quarters that are starting to come, it will not as have as much of a negative impact on the growth rate, because it’s the same absolute dollars we are talking about. So, I just point to strength of the business, CCI, tax comparison and the relative size of A&P as it relates to the size of the quarters in the back half of the year.
Mike Smith: And for clarity around the accounting treatment, it is a consolidated joint venture because of the operating control nature of it. So, it is impacting the consolidated sales results.
