Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning, and welcome to our review of McCormick's third quarter financial results and latest 2011 outlook. We've posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer. Alan is going to begin with an update on our business and the current operating environment, and then Gordon will discuss our third quarter financial performance and latest guidance. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In addition, certain information that we will present today are non-GAAP measures. This includes certain financial results from 2010 that exclude items affecting comparability. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in the presentation slides for our call. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce L. Brooks: We're coming up on 9:00. We've got a number of folks still in the queue, so we'll go as long as -- we'll try to get through everybody. We'll just ask you to limit your questions, please, going forward.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I’ll leave my thanks to those listening on today's call. Through October 5, you may access a telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for this replay is 309, and the ID number is 377603. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, I'd welcome a call at my number (410) 771-7244. This concludes our call.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, without getting into too many specifics, what we -- we had a regional distribution at Sam's Club for about 2 years. We expanded that earlier this year nationally with some Grill Mates items, and then what we're talking about on this call is expansion of another 9 SKUs, predominantly in the baking area such as extracts and gravy mixes and things like that. We're real pleased with what we've seen there. We can't speculate on what might happen in the future, but we continue to grow and invest with not only that customer, but customers in a number of channels.
Alan D. Wilson: We're expecting absolutely great execution by retailers as we head into the holiday season. And we have announced and implemented pricing in a number of our markets, the U.S. consumer included. So we'll see the impact of that as we go through, but we feel like we're well-positioned with our display activities, an increase in advertising, which is right on with the kinds of things that we want to drive in the holiday period. So we feel like we're well positioned for the fourth quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, I think what we have seen is an increase in pricing in private label, which has closed some of those gaps with the brand. Certainly, we're at some pretty high levels in terms of overall pricing points. But as I look at the public data on what's happening with private label, their pricing has increased at a rate that's higher than even the branded on a percentage basis. So I think that's part of what's going on. The other thing is I'd like to think that -- not only like to think, but I'm pretty confident, that our product innovation, our increased advertising is really helping our brands hold up in this environment.
Alan D. Wilson: The first answer is, it had a very minimal impact on our results in Europe this quarter. And it is more opportunistic at this point. We have a nice business in South Africa. We think there's great opportunities. But we are working with distributors in Northern Africa in places like Morocco and Nigeria to build and grow our business. It's a business that we've had for a long time, but we're seeing some success there.
Alan D. Wilson: We do expect to see higher costs continuing into 2012. We don't see, at least in the commodities that impact us, much that's going to cause it to decline or go down. We're expecting in 2012 we’ll continue to see higher costs.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, it's early to call 2012. But our pattern and our expectation is that we'll continue to increase marketing spending either slightly above or pretty much in line with our sales increases. In terms of the new brands that we've acquired, they have good marketing programs. We expect to continue to build on those and bring product innovation to them. So I would expect -- our expectation is to continue to drive our brands with marketing as we have the last several years.
Alan D. Wilson: In terms of the industrial question, we do believe that our strategy to focus on major significant strategic customers is the right strategy. I do believe we're well-positioned to deal with the high commodity. We continue to gain business. We continue to grow. What we saw this time, though, is – it’s something that we learned, is we have to continue to adjust our pricing protocols in a different environment. And I think we're very well positioned to do that. I know that's going to take some time and a lot of effort, but I think we're well positioned.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, in most cases, our customers understand the pricing pressure, but it's always a discussion, it's always a difficult conversation because we're not the only ones walking in with increased prices, and they're seeing it across the board. And just like we'd see in our customer business, they're seeing an impact with consumers as they continue to take higher pricing. I would say we're having constructive discussions, and we're working our way through these, but it's always a process and conversation.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. In general, it's about a 5% increase in consumer as we go into the fourth quarter. Some items are almost nothing, some items are more like double digit, some of the commodities have really surged. Industrial, it's a little harder to pin down the specific pricing as we go into the quarter because a lot of it's commodity, depends on when customers make contract decisions and things like that. Because we'll price it based on the market at the time that we make those decisions. But the overall impact we expect is going to be in that 5% range.
Alan D. Wilson: For the combined across the board. And I know that, that kind of translates into an expectation that's about 5% in industrial as well, but that's the way we see it today.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we don't disclose specifically how far we are, and it varies by commodity. But a good part of that inventory increase are positions that we've taken that will help us into next year that are at rates that are below the current market.
Alan D. Wilson: That's a tough percentage for me to get to without kind of backing into it. But with most of our major customers on major commodities, we have those protocols. The thing that makes it a little hard to get to is depending on the products, the major commodities will be a big part or a smaller part of the costs that go into it. So it's just hard to quantify that.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're certainly seeing consumers shopping in more alternative channels like dollar and in club. That's just been a shift that's been ongoing and accelerated in this environment. That's why we feel good about our strategy to continue to expand our brand presence in those channels.
Alan D. Wilson: The industrial pipeline’s still pretty good. And we expect that's going to continue just like we've seen. We're positive on our consumer innovation as well. Everybody recognizes, to continue to grow and to continue to deal with some of these cost pressures, we have to innovate. We have to find things that excite consumers because they're willing to spend when the items are right and priced right and really do bring innovation. So we're seeing a pretty good pipeline and continued activity with technical development in -- with our other customers.
Alan D. Wilson: Without question, it's in the digital area. It's a very effective and efficient spend. It lends itself very well to the kinds of products that we sell, the recipe marketing, the word-of-mouth and the excitement that comes with it, and we're going to continue to shift our spend more aggressively in that area.
Alan D. Wilson: We're not necessarily seeing a change in industrial customers and pullback, but we are seeing a shift. As a for instance, food service distributors are a big part of our business and an important part of our business because we're selling branded products that carry good margins, and that part of the segment’s under pressure. We're seeing pretty good success with our quick-service restaurants, restaurant customers.
Alan D. Wilson: We are in a little bit of a new world because it's been more than a decade since we've taken pricing as we head into the fourth quarter in our, at least our U.S. consumer business, and we are watching those elasticities pretty closely. We felt that we were at a point where we didn't have a choice because of the increased costs, and our customers have understood that. But we're going to continue to drive the investment in brand marketing, the display activity and our promotion plans through the fourth quarter. So we think we're positioned to help deal with that, but we are in a little bit of new territory.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we’ve -- the biggest thing is those major commodities we've had less control of and the minor commodities have not typically been volatile. They tend to offset each other, they tended to be more consistent and reliable, but what we're seeing is a continued upward pressure now that's forcing us to really change how we do that. And so it's been a challenge to get those kinds of things passed through, that it's just taken some time. So we're working through them, but our protocols really do address those major commodities where we can buy collaboratively with our customers.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. The acquisitions that we've made this year are acquisitions that we've worked on for a long time. And we've been very interested and continue to expand in emerging markets, Eastern Europe, India, China and Latin America. We will continue to pursue growth areas in those markets. In our more developed markets like Western Europe and North America, we like to do tuck-in kind of acquisitions where flavor really matters, and that's why we're doing -- we did Kitchen Basics in the past quarter because we believe we can bring innovation and continue to help people in how they cook in a segment that consumers continue to grow in. So we believe that our acquisition strategy does 2 things: it expands the categories we're in, but it expands geographically where we are. And as you've seen through our history, acquisitions are about 1/3 of our growth rate over the last 10 or 12 years.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're still seeing retailers promote private label, but as we always do in the fourth quarter, we expect to see consumers buy the brands because they trust the products for their holiday meals, and our display activity ramps up so aggressively in the fourth quarter that we always see our shares go up in the fourth quarter. So we expect to see that continue.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we really haven't seen an impact in any delays. It's more accelerating costs that are driving the need for pricing, and so it's less of -- certainly, we have to negotiate pricing, but we haven't seen any delays in getting it implemented. It's more the costs have gone quicker. And I will say that part of our culture is that pricing is one of the last levers we want to pull as a company. And so our teams try to do everything they can to manage costs and work with customers before we pull that pricing lever. But we're just in an environment where we have to pull it faster.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, the environment is impacting everyone, and different companies are in a different position with being able to take pricing, again depending on the market that they’re in and the strength of their business. We don't think that's going to either cause people to be more aggressive at selling their businesses or less willing to sell their business. I think it's less of an impact, but it certainly will impact how we value businesses as we go forward. Go ahead, Chuck. I'm sorry.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that it's hastening their decision, but we certainly see it impact the balance sheet. I’m going to…
Alan D. Wilson: Well, I think retailers are responding the way that they typically have, and we saw that as we headed into the fourth quarter where retailers did -- there was some amount of buy-in, in advance of the price increase. But I expect that retailers are doing the same things in our category that they are in others, and those are finding -- those prices are finding their way to the shelves.  I want to thank everybody for participating. I know it's been a long call, but I did want to quickly wrap up. And several factors impacted our results this period, things like discrete tax items and the timing of our acquisition costs. And while those make the job of analyzing results and projecting our outlook a little tougher, we hope that we provided you what you need. We do want to leave you with a couple of key takeaways.  First, we demonstrated our ability to implement pricing actions while achieving higher volume and product mix in our year-to-date results. Secondly, we're adapting our business to the economic environment and today's consumer, our product innovation and additional brand marketing support and are vigorously pursuing distribution opportunities. And third, we're investing for growth with accretive acquisitions and joint ventures while we exercise financial discipline and maintaining a strong balance sheet. I appreciate your attention, and I'll turn it over to Joyce to wrap up.
Gordon M. Stetz: The majority of the increase is driven by the cost pressures and the strategic inventory and foreign exchange. So about 45% of the increase is related to cost pressures in the environment we're in. Maybe another quarter of it is related to strategic inventory purchases and maybe another 20% is related to foreign exchange. The volume component is not as big of an issue as the cost pressures. Obviously, the environment we're in, difficult to project cost inflation. It's a volatile environment, but we certainly aren't expecting a retreat in the cost environment anytime soon. So we would expect to start to hopefully see this moderate as we go into 2011 -- I mean, 2012. Our teams are very focused, though. I don't want to say they're not focused on the volume opportunity to try and reduce inventories. So they're looking at their modeling, their safety stock assumptions, their demand planning assumptions. So it's still a big area, but we are feeling it from the cost side.
Gordon M. Stetz: Certainly, the -- as we indicated, the pricing protocols are on a lag, so that's going to put pressure on it. But the thing that can shift quarter-to-quarter is the mix. As Alan indicated, we have had some significant wins on some quick-service restaurants. I'll say that some of those are in the lower margin part of it, so whether they're down or flattish, we don't expect a strong performance in the industrial profitability in the fourth quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, we're not ready to say that yet, but certainly, you've seen it continue to creep up as we've gone through this year, that's for sure.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, there's a number of factors. I mean, obviously the strong sales growth is contributing -- has helped to offset some of those as well. We've also been increasing our advertising and promotion as well to help drive sales. So it's really a combination of factors. I guess my takeaway would be that we're absorbing some of these increased costs, and we're still achieving the results that we laid out for you in the beginning of the year, and that's the strength of our underlying business that's doing that.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, certainly, sales have been stronger, and gross profits, it's probably fair to say, it’s been a little more under more pressure than we had anticipated. I will say we expected it to be under pressure as we proceeded through this year, because we saw the cost increases, as we indicated earlier in the year, with the high-single-digit type numbers. So we expected those to start to occur through the third and fourth quarter. But I will say, it's gotten higher as you can tell, by the increases we've talked about on this call.
Gordon M. Stetz: Sure. Fourth quarter, the underlying rate has been 31% as we progress through this year. That has been the constant. The more difficult component is sometimes the discrete items. But if you think of about 31% rate for the fourth quarter, and these transaction costs, a lot of them are nondeductible, that’ll push the rate up even higher, so it could be as high as 33%. So the only caveat I have is you sometimes have these discrete items that occur that can impact that. But we would expect it to be closer to a 33%-type rate based on the underlying rate of 31% and the transaction cost impact. In terms of the estimate of the due diligence costs, clearly, it went a little longer. We were anticipating this being done in the third quarter. You have to go through various regulatory filings, due diligence, et cetera with these transactions, so the only answer I can give you is that it took a little longer, it's a little more expensive than we had anticipated. That's really all that had occurred.
Gordon M. Stetz: And the only thing I'll add is it's not all due to that. Again, we talked about a mix component as well. So I don't want to get that lost in the dialogue, either.
Gordon M. Stetz: There's always risk in a volatile world with currency, but we got 3/4 of the year behind us. I know, obviously, this is the biggest quarter we're entering into, but FX, as you saw in the results, was 4.6% favorability. So it's our best guess at the moment given the rate environment.
Gordon M. Stetz: Our guidance have always been mostly around the top line and the earnings per share, which has been consistent all year long. The only change to the guidance that we've made that we’ve tried to make clear here is, obviously, the impact of all these acquisitions. Other than the acquisition impact, we’ve really been consistent since the beginning of the year on EPS and top line guidance, as well as the gross profit margin, where we've been indicating all along that we expect to see it down versus prior year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Obviously, as we started the year, as we indicated, we had gross profit margin improvement in the first quarter. People recall, and we were making sure people are aware that we did not expect that to continue as we saw the increases start to occur as we progressed through the year. We obviously knew the third and fourth quarters, we’d experience it the most, so I would suggest that what you just saw in the third quarter is probably what we could potentially expect going into the fourth quarter. You do have a shift of business mix in the fourth quarter as the consumer part of our business ends up being a much bigger part of the portfolio, but I'd say the types of increases that we expected are starting to occur – they occurred in Q3 and will occur in Q4.
