Lawrence Kurzius: Alexia, this is Lawrence here and first of all, as we look at the Premier business, there is – we are pretty limited on what we can say. But I can tell you that what’s attractive to us about this business is that it is still predominantly a flavor business with some terrific iconic flavor brands that are much loved in the UK. I am sure that you are very familiar with these brands yourself. Gordon, and Mike and I have lived in the UK ourselves and know that brands like Bisto, Oxo, Saxa, Sharwood, these are fantastic brands that are much loved by UK consumers and are widely consumed and we see them as flavor businesses. Our flavor portfolio on the consumer side is not just herbs, spices and seasonings, we have sauces in many parts of the world. We are launching cooking sauces in North America, we have over the last few years, so we see brands in the Premier portfolio as being a very complementary to the flavor business that we have and are building globally. With the brands that are very close and we are looking at a whole company. So there are some brands that are not on their face core to our business, but I would remind you that we have strong dessert business on the continent with homemade dessert products through the Vahine brand and a fairly good part of our US business is based on cooking and baking products anyway as well. So we feel pretty good about the fit. It is bigger than the bolt-on acquisitions that we have done so many of, and I think we have been signaling really for several months now that we were going to look at some bigger opportunities in addition to the bolt-on opportunity. This would use a fair bit of our financial capacity, but it wouldn’t take us out of the market to do the kind of strategically important bolt-ons that we might still – that we might have done otherwise.  And as far as the UK markets goes, one of the things that we are interested in as part of our acquisition program is adding scale where we already have strong business presence. And certainly the UK is a market where we have good presence with our Schwartz brand and have for many years and have strong relationships with our customers there. It’s also the home of our EMEA business, our EMEA regional headquarters is in the UK and so we have substantial infrastructure and resources there to handle an asset like this.  Your second question was about GMO labeling and we announced that we were going to label our product for non-GMO. We are taking credit for what we have to a great extent. The vast majority of our products, our herbs and spice products in particular, are not genetically modified in anyway and consumers are interested in transparency and that’s what led to that initiative and we are certainly well aware of the Vermont law. We don’t have any kind of particular public stance that we want to take on that other than that we are going to comply with the law. So where there are genetically modified materials in some of our products, we will either find a way to remove them or label them as is appropriate in order to put us into compliance with that law.
Lawrence Kurzius: Price increase has just really been implemented at retail. Our expectation based on the analytical work that we did is that we will have minimal impact on volume and our price elasticity was an important consideration in developing this increase. Particularly in the US, the increase is quite surgical and item-specific. It’s not a broad-based flat increase. It’s, what I would call a very smart analytically based set of increases. Some items – it wasn’t all an increase, some items went down as well. We took this as an opportunity to adjust our prices across the portfolio and the net was about 1% to 2% increase.
Lawrence Kurzius: I will say that while hot dog seasoning is not – I am not aware that we’ve got a specific hot dog seasoning in our portfolio. I’ll bet Montreal steak seasoning tastes great on a hot dog. But anything that promotes more grilling is going to be good for us during the grilling season. I am sure that Stubb’s barbeque sauce is fantastic on a hot dog.
Lawrence Kurzius: I’d tell you that the plans for the roll out of our conversions is organic on our gourmet line and the non-GMO labeling on the bulk of our herbs and spices is very much on track. We expect to have the rollout fully implemented by the end of the year. And we are pretty pleased with the results so far. We’ve got great acceptance by retailers. I know we have a specific case to cite here, but I know we have gained additional distribution particularly as a result of the organic conversion. And we are optimistic about it. I think you may have heard in our prepared remarks that we are seeing a great lift on our gourmet line with that conversion as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. We are continuing to see sequential improvement in our US business and spices and seasonings. And so you’re right when you say you are seeing that acceleration, I think that that remark that you were referencing earlier refer to our A-Z spices. Within the different sub segments of that broad category, we have portions of that that are gaining share and our branded -- McCormick branded A-Z spices are certainly one of those segments that's gaining share. I think overall, we're still, someone correct me if I’m wrong here, 60 basis points down in share for the quarter, but we continue to see sequential improvement. We’re really pleased with the growth in our US business I have to say overall and we believe we've got the right momentum to get to continue to grow and to get the share gain.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Rob. I'll take the unconsolidated and I'll pass it to Gordon for the industrial question, but income from unconsolidated operations is definitely an FX matter. The underlying businesses in local currencies are all doing very well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, Rob, this is Lawrence. I will -- and good morning, by the way. Part of the -- we haven't set a target for the margins on that business that we communicated externally, but we certainly believe that there is upside to those margins for two reasons. First, in a more benign commodity environment, our CCI efforts are better able to drop to the bottom line. Our goal on CCI is to provide fuel for growth, but a portion of the CCI is always expected to support bottom-line growth and so that would go straight to your margin question.  Second is as our US consumer business returns to growth that of course is one of the highest margin businesses and largest businesses in our portfolio and with return to growth, it mixes up the whole consumer business.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, thanks everyone for your questions and for participating on today's call. We are excited about our growth strategies and plans underway in 2016 to build on our base business, accelerate innovation, expand availability and footprint of our business and excel in customer intimacy and consumer insights. Our acquisition pipeline is robust and we have aggressive cost savings programs underway, all driven by McCormick’s experienced leaders and engaged employees. Thanks for your attention this morning.
Gordon Stetz: No, absolutely right. I mean, a lot of it is - the decisions are made as we progress through the quarter and determine when the best timing of it is as it relates to the rollout, so this purely a decision to make sure it’s spent at the appropriate time to support the business.
Gordon Stetz: Yeah, our outlook on the raw material increases this year has not changed, so we are still in the low single-digit. I really don’t want to speculate too much in terms of how we would deal with certain issues. As you know, they are automatically dealt with in the industrial side up or down based on those movements. In the retail side, all I would say is we lean on these tools and the techniques that we’ve developed. We will look at the elasticities and the thresholds. Back to Lawrence‘s earlier comments, I’ve been with this company a long time and I would say that the level of sophistication around the price increase just executed was the highest I’ve seen. So I have confidence in our team to go back, use their analytics to make whatever decision is necessary to deal with whatever cost issues may pop up. CCI, we will always lean on CCI. We talked about that as part of our strategy over time, that’s where we look first in any type of an environment as to generate cost savings through our CCI. And under Mike’s leadership, as you’ve heard, we’ve upped our resources there which has give us confidence to raise our target. So that will always be the first place we look.
Gordon Stetz: We’ve indicated gross margin improvement for the year in the 50 to 100 basis point range and this is squarely in the middle of that. So we’ve dialed that into our thinking.
Gordon Stetz: In terms of the second question, we’re getting into a level of detail that a speculation and I can't really comment on right now. In terms of your first question, I'll just point to our historical track record around, when we have done large acquisitions and the debt capacity that we have. We pride ourselves in our investment-grade rating and our full intention is to maintain our investment-grade rating and we believe we can achieve that through this transaction. While it is significantly large, if you go back in our history and you look at Ducros back in 2000, and you look at Lawry's as recently as 2008, on a percentage of our market cap and the size of the company, it's really not quite different from those sized transactions. So our intention, as we did in those two previous transactions, would be to lever up. Obviously, it will take our debt-to-EBITDA about where it is now, but it wouldn't be at a level that would be unlike where we were with Lawry’s and Ducros at the time. And as we did in the past, we would curtail our share buyback program to pay down our debt and return to our investment-grade ratings. So that is how we would finance this acquisition and again, it would be very much in line with previous deal.
Gordon Stetz: Well, again, I can't speak specifically to what the rating agencies will or will not do, but all I would suggest is we are currently an A rating and we’d have a ways to go before we get below investment grade and again the debt-to-EBITDA parameters would not be unlike where we were previously on other deals where we were able to maintain our investment-grade rating.
Gordon Stetz: I appreciate it, Max, but these are all questions that we're not going to be able to answer. If I could just interrupt, these are all matters that we're not going to be able to address and so I don't want to tie up. We've got a lot of other questioners and so, I don't mean to be rude, but I'm just saying, we're not going to be able to address any of those points. Obviously, we would expect that this transaction were to occur, would be beneficial to the Premier shareholders and the other stakeholders in the business, by providing greater security than they perhaps have in this highly levered situation that they find themselves in today and we would also expect it to be value creating for McCormick shareholders as well. The degree to which it is accretive is something that we can't even speculate on, no deal has been agreed at this point and so the return would be -- any discussion of the return would be highly speculative other than we've been good stewards of shareholder value for McCormick shareholders and we're going to continue to keep our financial discipline and any deal that we undertake is going to be favorable through both accretion lens and through an EDA lens.
Gordon Stetz: We have not given a target. Obviously, we have some aggressive programs that we spoke about earlier under Lawrence's leadership, he has certainly elevated internally with targets that we’re cascading internally, but I would say that we are expectation wise in line with the net income growth that we’re forecasting and projecting with benefits coming through various levers that we’re focused on in the working capital side. So I know that's not as specific as you would like, but we certainly have a focus on increasing our cash flow, year-over-year this year.
Gordon Stetz: As it relates to the industrial business, we’re very, very pleased with the start, but as I said in my remarks, we expect the full year number to be in line with the total year guidance for the total company and that's primarily a function of customer order patterns and mix that can vary quarter-to-quarter. So we're just giving people a heads-up that while we are very, very pleased with the start that at times that can change based on timing of promotions and things by our customers. 
Gordon Stetz: I'd say Eric, we haven't given specific sales growth guidance, but it wouldn't be out of line with say the full-year guidance, I would say.
Gordon Stetz: Hi, Eric. This is Gordon. You obviously have followed us a long time so you know there was a time period where we had put out a specific margin target for that business, 8% to 10%. We didn't talk about that as much during rising commodity costs, because the pass-through mechanisms on that side of the business mask what was really good underlying performance at the time, to the tune of almost 200 basis points. We haven't put out a specific target, but I can say the progress that we've made in the margin story there is very, very pleasing to us. So it just demonstrates to us that strategy that we have in place with the portfolio of products that we’re focusing on, the acquisition of Brand Aromatics are all the types of things that we have always worked towards in our strategy. So we hope to just continue that journey and I can't tell you there is a specific endpoint at this stage. 
Gordon Stetz: On an ABO basis, which is the accumulative benefit obligation, it's pretty much fully funded. We have minimal contributions to make to that plan in the US this year. So it's very much within our guidelines and we expect minimal pension contributions this year.
Max Lewis: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the good results. I think my question is just more to do with the Premier Foods deal. Obviously aware there's a limit to what you can say there. But I think the very first thing that I'd be interested just to hear is the potential impact of this transaction on your credit rating. I mean, if we look at Premier Foods right now, I mean, in US dollar terms for a second, excluding the pension deficit, I may get about $930 million of net debt coupled with a pension deficit of GBP416 million is roughly $600 million resulting in the total additional net debt of almost $1.5 billion. I think because of that, even assuming an all stock deal, this is a deal which could almost double the net debt of the group. I think what I'd be interested to get your kind of guidance on is firstly whether or not you feel you can preserve your investment-grade credit rating if your net debt were to increase that materially. And secondly, whether or not it would make sense after acquiring Premier Foods, the Premier Foods legal entity to still issue its own bond and to sit outside the restrict group that currently contains all the assets that are referenceable into the McCormick bond restricted group in order to preserve the investment-grade rating of those bonds.
Max Lewis: I think one thing that I just struggle to understand there is whether or not you would expect to maintain your investment-grade rating immediately after the deal completed. Because obviously whilst I can understand that right now, you may not be willing to give all the information out, even if you give some guidance as to when you'll be able to give this information out regarding the potential impact this could have on your credit rating that would be important. So I think currently the credit market is quite concerned about a deal which, even on an all stock basis, could quite easily more than double the net debt of the group. And if it were to take place on an all cash basis, that's very significant to net debt to EBITDA for the group.
Max Lewis: I suppose at the very least can you give the market some kind of indication as to when we might start to get some kind of firm statement from management as to the financial impact of this deal.
