Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the environment is still pretty healthy in China. What you saw in the second quarter was -- what had looked like a slowdown from first quarter, the reality is we were up against a price increase from last year in the Consumer business which kind of impacted it. As I talk to people about China, what I'm hearing from people that are in heavy industry is that they're seeing some slowdown in the Chinese economy, but people in the consumer space are still seeing pretty robust growth. And that's what we're seeing.
Alan D. Wilson: We saw a short-term volume decline, as we always do, when we took pricing, and I think what we're seeing now is a little bit of a return to -- as consumers have gotten used it. And as they lived out of their pantries for a little while, we're starting to see some return to volume. We're also continuing to put pressure on with new product innovation. We're advertising and have increased our spend. And I think we're fortunate that we're in a good business. There's no question about that, but we're also being proactive as we -- just to make sure that we give consumers reason to continue to buy our products. I think another thing that we're seeing is private label pricing has kind of started to close some of these gaps.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. There's -- we have -- pepper pricing is continuing to flatten but still is above last year. And so we have taken some additional pricing, but it's a lot more stable than it has been.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. With the Kamis business, what we're doing is, one, we think there's a lot of leverage in the Polish market from good category management. So we're doing that. We're bringing product innovations that are working well in other markets under the Kamis brands in Poland, and we're continuing to expand distribution across Russia. In fact, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing with sales growth in Russia. So we think the Kamis brand -- we'll continue to market it as Kamis in Poland and Russia at this point, but we see it as offering a lot of opportunity for growth for us. We're very, very pleased with that acquisition.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we just increased our CCI, obviously, as well. So we're reinvesting behind our businesses. We're generating more CCI. So that's obviously, giving us an opportunity to continue to invest behind our brands.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that we projected a top line result. But because that business is growing through a combination of expanded distribution and new products, that the products that we're introducing are products that are similar to our Zatarain's rice mixes. We're calling them Rice and Spice, and they're Biryani-type products that's -- that make it easy for Indian consumers to prepare staple kinds of meals. But we -- this is kind of a first foray into those value-added products in India, and so we're excited about it, but I think it's too early to project what we think the benefit's going to be.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. I mean, we continue to change our marketing mix to see -- to work on things that hit. So we're moving more of our money into digital. And some of that digital is regional, where we're working with specific customers on promotions to really hit consumers. By and large, our marketing spend is national. What we saw in the last quarter, as we're heading into the third quarter, is a pretty heavy spend behind our new products, for our new grilling products. We do have some regional promotions. We've got a big Old Bay focus going on right now in the Baltimore area. There's 50-plus restaurants that have special menu items, and we've got billboards all over the place that kind of tie into the 18 -- War of 1812. We are relaunching our dry seasoning mix products and have a number of new products behind that. So we have a fair amount of activity. Again, as you'll look at how we've increased our marketing spend, this is a consistent story that we've had over the last 5 or 6 years where we look to invest, but we continue to manage our mix so that we're getting the highest returns that we can.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. The stable environment with our CCI efforts, a lot of that -- a lot of the CCI will find its way back into margins in a volatile environment like we've been in. We haven't priced to fully recover our cost. So we've used that combination of pricing and CCI to try and moderate the impact on margins.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that sequential weakening -- what we've actually seen is private label growing faster in grocery, and our brand growing faster in unmeasured channels. And so I think the consumer is going to some other places. Certainly, we're not happy about the results that we've seen in core grocery, and we're working -- we've got a lot of efforts to make sure that we're not losing share there. But what we're seeing is that we're holding share across the board, and private label is growing in grocery.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, what we've seen in this year is good results behind the investments that we've made in the business with a combination of new products and supporting those with pretty solid advertising. Our homemade dessert item, the Vahiné brand in France, continues to perform pretty well. And so while we recognize -- and I was in Europe last week, too, unfortunately not at your conference, Eric, but there is an underlying sense of a lack of confidence across the board and, I think, uncertainty. So we're just going to continue to do what we do with our products. But I do -- I absolutely acknowledge that it's a tough environment. One thing that is helping us is Kamis continues to grow pretty well in Poland. While the currency's weakening a little bit, it seems to continue to be a pretty robust economy for us.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we have an active pipeline. And in our business, we know the businesses that are attractive to us, and we generally know the people that own them and nurture those relationships. I'd say, we still have a pretty active pipeline.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, it is -- it certainly -- our expertise and focus is on savory seasonings. A lot of those end up in snacks, but a lot of companies are investing behind new product innovation in snacks. But it's not specific to one customer. We're -- we are seeing a fair bit of activity from a number of customers. I'd also say, though, that while we have a robust pipeline, there's a continued focus from a lot of our Industrial customers on productivity initiatives. And in a lot of cases, we can help with those with our products and help them deliver great flavor with reduced costs. But where we really like to play is in the new product innovation.
Alan D. Wilson: We're pretty much on plan with our business in India. Certainly, the environment is a little more volatile, and the way we think about India is really as a long-term, great, growing market. And we know it's not going to be smooth. There'll be some bumps along the way, but we're pleased with where we are so far in that business and excited about the prospects as we invest in new products. But remember, our core business in India isn't selling spices to Indians. We're selling higher-value-added rice products, and we're selling through our joint venture in Southern India more value-added blends. So it's less about selling those core spices, which are available on every street, and more about selling value-added products.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. We've got a new technical center and a plant expansion in Guangzhou that will be online later in the year. We're starting to work on plant expansion in Poland. So there's a fairly good investment program that we expect it'll be right in line with our capital forecasts.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't think it's changed very much. I think there was -- within QSR, there are companies that are doing well and companies that are struggling a little bit. Remember, we're pretty well invested in QSR in most of our major markets in the U.S. and Europe and in China. So we're continuing to see good growth in China. We had some volume wins in the U.S. which we're seeing that are reflecting. So it's not necessarily that the customers are growing as much as we had some share gains. So I don't think that there's a major change in that trend.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're continuing to invest in -- we really use that as our key source of executive development, and we're continuing to invest in that. Our boards are ongoing, and they bring us projects that either help us grow our business or reduce our costs. So it's an -- it really is an ongoing effort, and they're working on some of the big strategic projects for the company.
Alan D. Wilson: We're pretty encouraged. We really feel like we're locked for a good fall season. Obviously, we need the -- a return to more traditional weather. But I would say that we feel like our plans are well in place.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, it's a little bit of both. I mean, we certainly, as we always do, are looking at some value programs. Some of that is what we would call, I guess, below the line, where we're investing in advertising, reminding people the value of our products. There are some promotional activity. There always is. I would say the promotional activity is much higher than it is in previous periods. But the real effort is in -- is making sure that we're communicating about our new products. And as we head into the fall season, we've got a good campaign on Grill Mates right now. We've got a good campaign on Old Bay and Zatarain's and the new products for Zatarain's in the U.S. And then in the fall, we'll be emphasizing the baking products and then as we head into Christmas, more of the holiday meal kind of products.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. I think we've been pretty transparent on what we do expect to see. I mean, I think from our -- I can't speak to any other category but ours, but I would say that we would see a little stronger performance as you see that expanded data versus what you're currently seeing. With no other questions, I want to thank everybody for participating in the call. I'm really confident that we're doing the right things and executing effectively to succeed in a difficult environment. McCormick has a great portfolio of products across both our business segments and our operations around the world, where we bring our passion for flavor to customers and consumers. As demonstrated by our financial results, we're delivering higher performance and committed to increasing value for our shareholders. Thanks, everyone.
Gordon M. Stetz: I don't have those numbers in front of me, but I know that we're right on our acquisition plan. But I don't have yet the numbers in front of me. I think Joyce can help with that.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, we're still reiterating our operating income guidance at 9% to 11%. We obviously had a little bit of a benefit from the tax rate as well in Q2. As you saw, that helped to offset that weakness on unconsolidated. But given the fact that we are maintaining our range, you could imply that perhaps our operating income would trend towards the upper end, but we're still comfortable at that 9% to 11%.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, we still believe on a long-term basis and the key event would be a less volatile commodity cost environment, because that's what you just alluded to. In the past 2 out of 4 years, we've seen commodity cost 5 -- 2 out of 5 years. So -- but in a more stable environment, we would continue to believe the higher mix of the Consumer business would favorably impact that gross margin as well as the others that we have within the Industrial business, on focus on higher value-added products should favorably impact that as well.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, we're still looking at stabilization of the gross margin. A lot of things play into that, product mix, portfolio mix, but we're not looking for a big rebound. I mean, you could see slight improvement as we progress through the year. But generally, the way we're looking at it is that it would be comparable to the prior year and be flattish.
Gordon M. Stetz: The underlying rate, we continue to expect to be around 30%. Obviously, as you saw in this quarter, there can be a discrete item that pops up that can either be positive or negative, depending on the fact and circumstances. But the underlying rate, we're still looking at 30%.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Actually, we are still forecasting in $100 million to $110 million in CapEx spending. I know it's not reflected yet at the beginning part of the year, but we're still projecting that. And it does reflect what you just said, Rob. To some extent, it's organic growth in some of our emerging markets, where we actually are adding capacity because of the growth that we've experienced in places like China, and in other cases, it is through the integration of our new acquisitions and just by virtue of the fact that these acquisitions themselves had a CapEx budget that we now have included.
Gordon M. Stetz: Just to add to that, Mitch, last year, if you recall, we incrementally spend in the fourth quarter against holiday, and it was approximately about a $10 million increase versus the prior year in advertising and promotion. And that was a function of the good result that we saw from the holiday programs in prior years. So we're going to be hitting holiday again hard this year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Over the last 13 and 52 weeks, volume was down a bit in grocery on core items. Dry seasoning mixes were also down a bit. In spices, we made that up with the other channels. In dry seasoning mixes, that's a category that we're in the process of refreshing and, we believe, need some renewed investment. Now dry seasoning mixes are coming off a couple of years of really strong growth as the economy weakened. So we may be reverting a bit to the mean, but we're continuing to invest. That's an important business for us, and we get a lot of great new products and new packaging that we're in the process of introducing.
Gordon M. Stetz: As you may recall, back in March, we took it up, this year's to $45 million. And generally, what we're still seeing is about a 60-40 split between Consumer and Industrial on those, and still about 75%, 80% would hit the cost of goods sold line, and the rest would be hitting SG&A.
