Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning, and welcome to our review of McCormick's fourth quarter financial results and 2012 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. With me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also joining us for the first time is Mike Smith, who was named Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations in October. Mike has been with McCormick since 1991 and brings to this role his experience in a variety of leadership positions, most recently as Vice President of Finance for a U.S. consumer business. This morning, Alan's going to begin with some highlights from 2011 and then discuss our perspective on the current business environment and McCormick's growth opportunities as we head into 2012. Gordon will provide a review of our fourth quarter financial performance and introduce our 2012 financial guidance. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.  In addition, certain information that we will present today are not GAAP measures. This relates to financial results from 2010 that exclude items affecting comparability. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most recently comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in the presentation slides for our call. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce L. Brooks: We've run a bit over an hour. Why don't we take one more question and then we'll turn it back over to Alan.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my thanks to everyone listening on today's call. We hope you can also join our next earnings call, which is planned for Tuesday, March 27 and that you have on your calendar our McCormick Investor Day scheduled in New York on April 17. Through February 2, you may access a telephone replay of today's call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for this replay is 309, and the ID number is 383424. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give me a call at (410) 771-7244.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. Certainly, as we're building our budgets and plans, we look at the incrementality, the acquisitions. And as we indicated last year, those acquisitions are expected to be accretive and the guidance we gave was $0.07 and $0.09. I'd say we're still within that guidance as we built our outlook for 2012. So the factors that you pointed to, which we talked about in the call, the material cost as well as the pension, I’d just like to emphasize that, are impacting the base business.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, in terms of the 2%. The 2% on our long-term guidance, we think about this either as an accretive acquisition, Rob, or a share repurchase. In the absence of -- and you'll -- this year, in our guidance, we talked about the 7% to 9%, and that, in fact, reflects a 2% to 3% type of a benefit on EPS. In the absence of an acquisition, we would be buying back shares in that financial leverage to return to a 2% benefit on the shares outstanding, and that's purely opportunistic based on what the pipeline is. In terms of the dilutive impact, I'd say, without getting too specific on the gross margin structures, that the acquisition -- we talked about the operating income margin of the Kamis acquisition at 16% to 17%. Its margin structure is a healthy margin structure that reflects strong consumer businesses that we -- in the rest of our European businesses. And the business in India as an emerging market, as you would expect, would be lower margin structure. But again, that's higher growth, and we would expect to get scale in margin improvement over time in that one.
Gordon M. Stetz: There's actual accretion, incremental profit after interest, and that's that 7% to 9% number that we've guided to previously.
Gordon M. Stetz: Right. So -- but remember also, the other thing that's offsetting that $0.07 is an incremental $9 million of retirement benefit. But yes, your math is correct.
Gordon M. Stetz: And depending on the nature of the promotional expense, the $10 million does contemplate more consumer-facing promotional. But there probably will be additional dollars, as Alan indicated, on some of the value messaging that would be between gross and net.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, as I -- we said in our remarks, France in the fourth quarter continues to be resilient. We had sales growth mainly through price execution, but volumes held up in a tough environment. U.K. continues to be challenging. So as we -- and we've seen stabilization in the other markets, which we had expected would occur as we progressed through 2011. So I guess that outlook that I've just described is a similar outlook as we look into 2012, and that's baked into our thinking. And then obviously, we have the benefit of the acquisition that we just did in Europe as well.
Gordon M. Stetz: This is Gordon. I'd say mix was not a major factor in the overall consumer segment performance. Most of the volume performance within the quarter that was impacted within consumer relates to the timing issues that I spoke about earlier, mainly in the U.S. consumer business, and that's a volume issue.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. If we're speaking about the gourmet relative to, say, red cap, they were generally in line with each other. There wasn't any divergence between the 2.
Gordon M. Stetz: A couple of things. One is that we actually had an unfavorability on the tax relative to prior year. The -- what you may be citing in terms of...
Gordon M. Stetz: No. It's going back to Chris' point. We are not repeating the $0.07 of transaction cost, and we have an incremental benefit from the acquisitions in $0.07 and $0.09. And again -- then that's offset by the incremental retirement cost of $9 million or partially offset all of those numbers.
Alan D. Wilson: We would -- what’s happened with all the cost volatility over the last couple of years has impacted our long-term growth model, which is built around being able to invest behind the business but also to improve margins in a fairly stable cost environment. So what we've been doing is adapting our business over the last, really, 2 years to take more pricing than we would typically take. Certainly, as with our strong CCI programs, as we start to see stability -- even if we don't see a big retreat in cost, as we start to see stability, our model kind of starts to work again, because our CCI program is generally built towards increasing our margins, while our pricing is just to offset cost. What we've seen in the last 2 years is we've needed a combination of pricing and CCI to offset the increased costs.
Alan D. Wilson: I think we've been pretty balanced through the combination of investment for growth behind our consumer and our industrial businesses and returning returns to shareholders to increase EPS. So we would likely spend some of the money, and we would likely take some of the earnings.
Alan D. Wilson: I think there is some impact, as some of the other manufacturers have talked about, of people moving to other channels, like dollar and club and that sort of thing. What we are seeing is some consumer behavior, which we've not seen before, that has led to a decline in the most recent period in the data that we have.
Alan D. Wilson: Year-on-year, we try to target about $50 million of CCI savings, just below, and for the last couple of years, we've been able to overachieve that. And I'd also point out, the $40 million goal that we set this year, we expect is a goal that we’ll hit and likely exceed. So we're setting targets and trying to drive it. It's really a part of our ongoing operations, and we've got some good ideas and some good projects that we think will be good, that will help us.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. In the fourth quarter, we did see some positive volume growth in the restaurant sector, which we kind of view as healthy, because it's been a couple of years of pretty significant declines. And so I don't want to speculate on what -- if consumers are eating out and not cooking at home, I don't think we're seeing that return as much, but we did see some positive volume growth late in the year in our food service business. Secondly, on the new products, we would expect a new product sales to be in -- to be something in the order of 10% to 12%, so 9% over the last 3 years, we would expect, as we go forward, that to be a higher percentage.
Alan D. Wilson: For the most part -- I mean, we've got a broad range of contracts with customers across the world, but generally, we are appropriately priced. Now a lot of the major commodities like wheat and soybean oil gets passed through as those commodities change. So as we see increases, we price. And then as we see decreases, we pass through that pricing. But I'd say, by and large, as we caught up in the fourth quarter, that we're appropriately priced. And we'll -- as we see additional inflation, we'll deal with that. Or if we see some softening in cost, we'll deal with that.
Alan D. Wilson: I would suggest that you would -- by the end of the first quarter, you'll start to see activity as we report.
Alan D. Wilson: I'll take the pricing commodity question, let Gordon handle the share buyback and the margin question. But in terms of our pricing, as we see it today, we don't anticipate taking additional -- significant additional pricing. Now we also didn't anticipate that as we went into the fourth quarter of this year if you talked -- when we talked last January, but what we saw was a fairly significant run-up in cost, and so we thought we had to do that. And you can see from our margin performance that we did have to do that. But as we sit here today, we don't anticipate significant pricing for the rest of the year, but again, we'll adapt our plans as we see cost. And I'll let Gordon handle the other 2 questions.
Alan D. Wilson: I think in a stable environment, a stable cost environment, we can certainly execute that. But what we want to do is give you the best transparency over what we're seeing at this point.
Alan D. Wilson: It's -- I'll answer for the first one, and Gordon can talk more about how things get allocated. But the $10 million increase is about half from the base business and about half coming from acquisitions.
Alan D. Wilson: It's very similar to what we did in 2009, when we saw the weakness. And it's putting an emphasis, one, on the messaging to consumers on value, and we're ramping that up and then secondly, using some of our promotion plans and really targeting those. So we expect there will be some balance. We’re kind of rebalancing our whole marketing program for the year to make sure that we're getting back to a healthy volume growth.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. It's a pretty steady state outlook. Obviously, we're not contemplating any major collapse in Europe or anything like that, but we expect it to be a continued pressure.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. We -- the gap is pretty similar to historical levels, but what we are doing is really analyzing the price thresholds that we've crossed to understand the impact on volume. But if I look at the year and even in the 4-week period, we've seen private label prices go up at about the same level on a percentage basis as brand.
Alan D. Wilson: I think as you point out, it is a better value than necessarily going to a restaurant and much cheaper to cook at home. And that's what we're trying to convince the consumer and show them that for a lower cost, you can actually have a better and healthier meal. But there is a consumer behavior that we are, again, watching and targeting, and us and our retail partners will be working on how we do that. Now on the other side of that, we also have a pretty significant participation in those restaurant sales. And as that goes through our food service distribution business, it's not necessarily a bad tradeoff for us.
Alan D. Wilson: No. Actually, our inventory positions are better than the current market's, because we're out seeing and anticipating what's going to happen. So we're not upside down at all on our inventory. We're still seeing some competition for land in some of those emerging markets where people aren't necessarily planting more pepper volumes. And when they decide to do that, it takes about 3 years before they have significant yields. We've seen them move to shorter cash crops like cassava, which is a thickener that's used. So there is continuing to be pressure on the spice commodities that we buy, but our strategic inventory positions are an advantage for us.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Specifically in pepper, we've seen pepper almost quadruple in -- or triple in 4 years and double in the last 18 months. Now we don't anticipate it's going to continue to rise at that kind of rate, but we have not seen significant softness. I mean, it softens from time to time, and we take advantage of that, but we haven't seen significant softness to this point in that. It has been a couple of years of that acceleration. I think that's my main point, is -- and typically, a lot of our materials are on those kind of cycles, where they'll be up for a couple of years and then as plantings increase and yields go up, then they start to come down again.
Alan D. Wilson: Generally, we can manage it in a fairly margin-neutral way. I think what the other company was talking about is a move in their business to more opening price point-type business from a standard private label-type product. We do very little opening price point. We do some but not very much. Ours tend to be more standard private label. And then our whole selling story is to do the right thing for the whole category. So even where we have a private label presence in an alternative channel, we are also bringing branded solutions to those customers. So we -- it helps maintain a similar kind of margin than what we see across the rest of our business.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't know that we have great insight on it at this point. I mean, for our products, warm weather at this time of year isn't necessarily a good thing. We like a little cold weather to get people back to cooking chili. And so we kind of see that, and I know people have talked about that as part of the issue. But I don't think we have a firm handle on really what's happened in the very short period. Now if you look over the course of the longer-term 6 months and 12 months, the pattern isn't that dramatically different than what we've seen historically. But I think what everybody's kind of looking at is what happened in the last couple of weeks of the year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Obviously, tax is a very difficult thing to forecast. You're just trying to anticipate mix of earnings, and it's also a volatile legislative environment. And there are programs and tax credits and things that get hung up in the heated discussion right now, and you cannot include that in any type of a guidance as you start a year until these things land and are resolved. So we start with our best estimate as to what we know now in the legislative environment, as to what we know now as it relates to currencies and its impact on the mix of earnings and the earnings themselves, and that's our guidance. Obviously, there's things that resolve during the course of the year that can be favorable and unfavorable. Last year, they tended to be more favorable than our initial guidance. So I can tell you the best I can say at the moment is the guidance we're giving you is based on all the knowledge we have at this moment on all those factors.
Alan D. Wilson: Just to wrap up, at -- just a couple of comments. We've been pretty effective at adapting our business to meet a very challenging environment. As we head into 2012, we're managing through this with cost -- the cost volatility with our pricing and our CCI. Our product innovation and our marketing support are meeting consumer demands for flavor, convenience and value. As we've increased our participation in emerging markets with the acquisition of leading brands, we expect that to drive higher growth. I'm confident that we're well positioned, and we've got the leadership and the employees in place to meet the challenges and deliver a year of strong financial performance for McCormick shareholders. We appreciate your time and attention. We'll turn it back over to Joyce.
Andrew Lazar: Just 2 quick ones. One, have you been able to -- I've generally thought that you and others can manage any kind of a shift from a channel perspective, whether it be from traditional grocery to alternative channels, can manage that in a relatively sort of margin-neutral way, at least. And we've had one company recently talk about this being kind of a negative hit for them, albeit it was a private label entity. So I just want to get a sense of how you manage that and if you typically are able to manage that in a pretty margin-neutral way, sort of at a minimum. And then just a quick follow-up.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay. And then also wanted to ask -- I don't want to beat this too much. I'm just trying to get an understanding, because I still find myself very confused over sort of recent consumer behavior or just lack of kind of consumption, I guess, if you will, from the -- just the broader consumer given the weakness we've seen broadly in the industry. So do we think that it's primarily just some of the normal elasticity that this industry sees when they get pricing through? Or are they -- is the consumer -- I've heard everything from they're wasting less product in their household than they typically do. I assume there's maybe some inventory de-stocking at retailer levels. Like, I'm just trying to get a sense of if we think there's something that's beyond normal elasticity that the consumer's dealing with. Or -- because I'm still very confused. And I hear all these different answers, but no one seems to have a great -- sort of really a great read on it.
Andrew Lazar: Right. Right. And the last thing is in the quarter at least, it looks like x the sort of a volume shift in your Americas consumer business, volume was still flat to up in spite of all that, admittedly your quarter ends in November, but it wasn't like we saw some -- at least, at this stage, some huge volume sort of decline.
