Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Starting on slide four, our first quarter results were outstanding. As we said in our year-end earnings call in January, we have confidence in our strategies and are well-positioned to deliver another year of differentiated growth in 2021. Following an extraordinary in 2020, in 2021 we expect strong underlying base business performance and recent acquisitions to drive significant sales growth, as well as strong operating income growth, even considering extraordinary COVID-19 costs and business transformation investments highlighting our focus on profit realization. During the first quarter, we delivered double-digit sales, adjusted operating income and earnings growth. We expect growth to vary by quarter in 2021, given 2020 level of demand volatility and the pace of COVID-19 recovery. But importantly, we have started the year with outstanding first quarter performance giving us confidence in an even stronger outlook for 2021. As seen on slide five, we have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio with compelling offerings for every retail and customer strategy across all channels. The breadth and reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced and diversified portfolio to drive consistency in our performance as evidenced again by our first quarter results. The sustained shift in consumer behavior to cooking and eating more at-home continued to drive substantial increases in our Consumer segment demand in all regions, as well as increases in our packaged food company customer in our Flavor Solutions segment.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more details, I’d like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 34. Our first quarter results with double-digit sales, adjusted operating income and earnings growth were an outstanding start to the year and bolstered our confidence in a stronger 2021 outlook. We have a strong foundation and a balanced portfolio, which drives consistency in our performance. We are confident the sustainability of higher at-home consumption will persist beyond the pandemic and we are well-positioned to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends, as well as prepared for away-from-home consumption recovery. Cholula and FONA have both started the year with strong momentum and results, our enthusiasm for these acquisitions and our confidence that we will deliver on our plans has only strengthened over the last few months. Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our 2021 outlook reflects another year of differentiated growth and performance, while also making investments for the future. We are confident we will continue on our growth trajectory in 2021 and beyond. Now, let’s turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Andrew, Well, as we have gone through the COVID crisis in 2020 and we want to ship consumption every quarter because we were not able to keep up with the extended elevated levels of demand overall. And in order to keep our best selling items, our core items and in particular as we got to the fall protect the holiday items, we did suspend a substantial number of items and as that capacity we have been steadily restoring them as we have gone through this first quarter of this year. And I’d say that right now we probably are around the halfway point in terms of getting items back on the shelf. But any -- you or anyone on this call and certainly my friends and family who hector me about this endlessly, can walk into any store and find that there are a lot of holes on the shelf and a lot of our products that are not yet in full distribution and even within a given account, the store-by-store situation it might be different. There’s a supply chain aspect to it. There’s a retail work aspect to getting on the shelf. And I think that this is going to be a steady rebuild as we go through the rest of the year. We have made a good start on it in Q1, but we have quite a long way to go. And it’s hard -- I would hesitate to get overly precise about it. I would expect to see the shelf getting restored as we go through the year. I think one of the big variables for us, Andrew, is just the strength of the consumer demand.
Lawrence Kurzius: Consumer demand has been higher than we originally planned and so we are actually not as far along in our restoration plans as we would have hoped. That’s because as fast as we supply the market, consumers are pulling the product through. But as you think that, it’s hard -- I’d say it’s hard for us to dimensionalize. I will emphasize…
Lawrence Kurzius: … it’s an America’s problem. Most of the world, we are shipping to consumption, our supply chain is well caught up or our service levels are solid. It’s in the Americas where we have got some catching up to do. And in most categories here in the Americas we are also shipping consumption as well. It’s primarily herbs and spices, and our recipe mixes particularly.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think you are going to see a big change in the TDPs as we go through the coming weeks and I think I am sure we hit bottom on that and already turn the quarter just because of the restoration efforts daily.
Lawrence Kurzius: …very good observation. As we have gone through this we have not only suspended SKUs but we have also rationalized SKUs. We have eliminated a couple of hundred SKUs that were slow moving or what the items that we have now are much higher velocity on an average. We are also continuing the aisle reinvention program and setting store shelves. We -- in spite of that I think the COVID situation last year and all of the restrictions around working the shelf we were able to reset over 5,000 stores. We expect at least that many this year and a reduction we are getting a lift from that and at the same time it does reduce the SKU count. So it’s a…
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Hey, Ken. Thanks. And by the way you won the award for the best headline on your screen that was awesome.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, I would say, first of all, the food at-home consumption really is strong. I mean we are seeing that ourselves and in our business of course and also in our Flavor Solutions business where the other CPG companies are our customers. And so we see growth -- we are seeing a lot of strength there. I think on restaurant it’s actually a mixed bag. The QSR, the quick service restaurants are doing well. I think during the first quarter, there were a lot of -- because everyone thinks about the state we are in today, but think about December and January, there were a lot of new lockdowns that were put in place, the restrictions that were -- have been lifted or reinstated. I would say that the branded foodservice side, the restaurant customers might be off to a little bit slower start to the year and everyone maybe thinking. I do think there’s a lot of optimism among restaurant operators as we go into the second quarter and as the vaccination rates go up and many of these restrictions are lift and I think that that group will come back stronger. But certainly for the beginning of the year they are off to a little bit slower start.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. So our intent was to reflect the sales growth over delivery that we got in the first quarter, but -- which was high. But we really did not change our outlook for the rest of the year…
Lawrence Kurzius: … first quarter, so we are trying to be both optimism -- express our optimism, because I mean the business is very strong, but also a bit prudent. I mean we are lapping a big second...
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, first of all, e-commerce is strong everywhere. We talked last year about triple-digit and at the end of the year, we said, e-commerce total was around, I think, it was 136% increase year-on-year. It’s not quite triple-digit, but it’s a very strong double-digit increase in the first quarter again on top of the strong performance last year. So, I mean, I’d say, that that’s still pretty explosive growth and we have no disappointment about that. I’d say, the omnichannel, particularly is very strong and I don’t -- I think that the -- while the numbers may be slightly different region-to-region, but they trend in the same direction globally.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah. A number of the items that we launched last year, we got less placement on it because of the focus on core items, not just by us but by the retailers. On the other hand, where we -- they did get into distribution. They have got an extraordinary amount of trial. So some of the items that we did launch last year are no longer best performing at new items and new aisles and we are really treating 2021 as a continuation of the launch here for NPD we introduced last year. So it gives us quite a pipeline for this year.
Lawrence Kurzius: In a year ago -- this is Lawrence. In a year ago in the first quarter of last year it seems like a long -- life time ago in the Americas are actually under shift consumption in the first quarter a year ago and so at the time we said was about a 4% impact on the Americas. So I think you should factor that out and so the over shipment versus consumption might be a little bit less than it seems. Again, we…
Lawrence Kurzius: … are hopeful actually to build to rebuild stocks in the trade more than we did and the consumption is very strong.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I think, the interesting thing in China is that, even though they are well past the COVID impact and are very far along in recovery, consumption of food at-home remains strong even as foodservice has recovered. The -- I think it’s interesting to look around that region also because what we are talking about the Asia-Pacific region, it is not just China that’s the biggest market there. But markets like Australia which is also pretty far along in recovery, even though foodservices has rebounded, it’s not back to the same level that it once was and consumption of food at-home has continued to be very strong.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think it goes to the point that we have -- the making which is that, this has been a long-term trend anyway for consumers where they cook more at-home and more from scratch at home when they do and the COVID situation reinforced that behavior that helped whole new generation of cooks learn how to cook their family recipes that maybe they relied on mom or grandma, all new eating occasions as well as new…
Lawrence Kurzius: All new eating occasions like lunch as people work remotely. I think there are lot of reasons to believe that consumption at-home is going to continue to be elevated.
Lawrence Kurzius: I’d like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating in today’s call. I apologize to those that we didn’t get to in the queue. We did have a very long script today. We had a lot of information to get out. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth and reach of our balanced portfolio which is sustainably positioned us for growth. We are very pleased with our outstanding first quarter operating performance, which proves the strength of our business model, the value of our products and our capabilities as a company. We expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on a long-term growth performance and people strategies actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities. Our investments provide a new foundation for growth, while enhancing our agility and our relevance with consumers and customers, which positions us well for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation.
Mike Smith: I think just to add to that too, we are going to be a little bit more optimistic but prudent. I mean the second quarter of last year as you remember we grew total consumer sales 28%, 36% in the Americans. So it’s a tough comp as we look forward but we are optimistic.
Mike Smith: Yeah. Year ago for the total constant organic as we call it is basically the same. It’s plus or minus 1% for the year. So we call our base of the range is 2.5% to 4%, up 1%. But you are right, year ago it basically what we said before, we haven’t called it down.
Mike Smith: But I know and as you and others the two year CAGRs or what’s really an impressive part as we start measuring this and looking at lapping things. Those are actually above our organic growth guidance long-term that we are seeing now.
Mike Smith: Yeah. This is Mike. On the COVID cost, we said previously and we haven’t changed from that, we spent about $50 million last year and we are going to ever spend about $60 million this year. So that’s about spend.
Mike Smith: Now the timing of that is a little different. It’s going to be first half heavily weighted in 2021, a lot of that’s cumin cost we talked about before. Kind of leading in your second question, like, Colmin  was coming in the first quarter wasn’t a full impact of the Colmin cost as we ramp things up, so really the second quarter is where kind of these every month will have the full Colmin cost, so that’s a little bit of the headwind in the second quarter. We talked about the first quarter our consumer A&P was up around 17%, we are going to have another investment of A&P in the second quarter to drive sales as we said again as towards the first half, second half story. So I think Q2 has a bit of a headwind from an expense perspective and then COVID and A&P cost perspective. And also the tax rates, they are going down to the EPS line.
Mike Smith: I say maybe we summarize this, we talked about the year being a first half, second half story, within the first half, there’s a first quarter and the second story -- the second quarter story, think of it that way.
Mike Smith: I think it is more -- I think that as a more normal year. In a normal year, we are talking about 7% or 8% of our products introduced in the last three years make up our sales pace. It would have been less last year because of the pandemic, but it was kind of a strong ramp of new products in the 2021, as you have seen that we get back to more normal longer term numbers.
Mike Smith: Yeah. This is Mike. I mean we haven’t changed our guidance for the year still low-single digits, obviously, a lot of commodities and packaging to your point is already contracted. In freight variable that we have talked about and one of the reasons we said while we have had growing great growth in mix and things like that in the long-term debt optimization. We didn’t drop it off through to the bottomline because some pressure from increased inflation from transportation just like every other company has been seeing recently and those we have recognized that in our forecasts and our guidance but we are still low single digits generally.
Mike Smith: Hey, Chris. It’s Mike. One, we are always using food manufacturers. That’s a part of our supply chain. As we talked about though here we really stretch some of those strategic co-factors to help us out shorter term really focused on the first six months of the year, very volume dependent. So, the way we are thinking now is again the second quarter will be the heaviest spend there will be some probably roles into third quarter or so but. And we will see what volume is too, what consumption continues as something we would assess as we always do. And as our supply chain continues to recover that’s another variable that could speed it up or slow it down. So those are all considered in our guidance stuff.
