Alan D. Wilson: Yes, a couple of things, Alexia. The Nielsen data cutoff, I think, on the 22nd or 23rd, so -- I think it was 22nd. So we missed 2 pretty important days of sales for our products. And as we look at the more longer-term based on IRI, which is what we measure, we saw a pretty good recovery, and we're encouraged by what we saw in consumer takeaway in the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday periods for our products. So that's part of the reason why we are displaying more confidence in our outlook in the U.S. business. We think there may be some impact, but not a lot of impact of actual consumer takeaway in -- from Hurricane Sandy. There's certainly an area of the country that is extremely important for us, where we have very high shares, was impacted but we think the bigger impact was on our supply chain in the quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, when our customers in China are not growing their sales, it does impact us in a couple of ways and, without giving specifics on a particular customer, I think our larger customers there, our quick service customers, have reported challenges in their current sales as a result of this chicken issue. Most of it, the quick service business there, is chicken, although we do a lot of other kinds of things like dessert toppings and drink mixes. But if their traffic's down, then our sales are under some level of pressure.
Alan D. Wilson: Our Consumer business grew very strong in China through the year, and we've continued with that momentum.
Alan D. Wilson: Just -- our philosophy is that we're all in it. So when we have a negative like we did in 2012, we take the hit on that. When we have a negative like we expect in 2013, we've got to figure out how to overcome it from a compensation standpoint. And when it's positive, we expect that there will be some level of benefit to our growth rate. Obviously, every year is unique as we set our compensation plans, so we will adjust targets and goals based on that. But our basic philosophy is we're all in and we're measuring ourselves against top-tier performance.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I'd say, as always our priorities on the use of cash are dividend is extremely important. Acquisitions, because we believe investing in growth is important. We have some CapEx as we're expanding our facilities in China and Poland specifically, and investing in a new flavor technology in the U.S., which we're very keen on, and we think we'll have a positive impact long term on margins in that business. But we have room as we do acquisitions for cash repurchases with, at least, the Wuhan acquisition that we have on the table right now, we'll continue to buy back shares. We are always in the market. We see some level of activity. I would say it's not as robust as we've seen in some years, but we still have -- we have some good targets and continue conversations at expanding our footprint.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks. We do a tremendous amount of work on price elasticity. And we have, as we've gone in this aggressive pricing environment, as I said on the call, we've had about a 45% increase in commodity cost over the last 4 years and have taken about 25% pricing and we've taken a number of different actions along the way, and we are always evaluating the impact of that on volume. The consumer is looking at 2 things. One is we're a fairly low-frequency purchase, and there has traditionally been less price sensitivity on some of our items than there is in a number of other categories. All that said, though, on the shelf, when you've got a range of price points ranging everything from $1 up to about $8 in gourmet, we want to get the promoted price right when the consumer is there to buy. Our business is largely a base business, which means that a small percentage is sold on promotion. But as we get into some of these key periods, we want to make sure that we're incenting customers to buy our brand and not let them have a reason to walk away. Coupons are always a part of our mix, as are price promotions at certain times of the year, that really hasn't changed. We did view that we needed to make sure that we were driving positive volume consumption in the fourth quarter, and so we shifted some of our spending and we'll keep evaluating what the right mix to get to consumers are. We've taken some price reductions on shelf on a couple of key items that we talked about like vanilla and grinders, and we're measuring the impact of that. We think it's -- the results have been generally positive in terms of that, and we'll continue to evaluate certain items to get to the right price points. And this -- and by the way, what we have seen as our pricing has gone up, we have seen those price gaps close now as competition, largely private label, has also taken price increases to either catch up or improve their margins. So we're seeing that situation moderate a bit. All that, we -- it's fairly complex because of the number of items and we've got different elasticities with different items. So we may be trying to be sharper on things like dry seasoning mixes and evaluating what we do on certain spice items, but we do a tremendous amount of work in really understanding that dynamic.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in that part of the business. Obviously, different companies have different philosophies and challenges. I'd say the one thing that we didn't see as we went into last year is the amount of actual new product launches that we would typically expect to see. A lot of our customers are going through restructurings and have focused on some level of reorganization. We do see a pretty strong pipeline of new product activity among the consumer food customers that we have, that does encourage us as we go into the second half of the year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we have a level of visibility to about half our U.S. volume because of things like vendor managed inventory or data that we can purchase to evaluate consumption versus their factory sales. So we have that level of visibility. It doesn't -- even in the case of our BMI customers, though, it doesn't change the fact that they decide on a short term that they're going to aggressively manage inventory that, that won't happen. I would say we did miss this a bit in terms of laying out what we thought was going to happen relative to prior periods because of the amount of pricing that we've taken. I'd say there's probably a little bit of an underlying caution by a number of our customers because of some softness in December and January of last year. Now we're seeing the volumes pick up, so we're encouraged by that. But I think, in terms of their inventory management, there was a level of caution around what they thought they needed to bring in, in that period.
Alan D. Wilson: No, there's a couple of initiatives. One is making sure we got the right prices on items that are price sensitive. So things like dry seasoning mixes and pepper and vanilla and that sort of thing, and so we've got some initiatives on that. We're not talking about higher prices. We're talking generally about how we apply our promotion funds to make sure we're hitting the items that are really volume -- that are really price sensitive.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we do expect a year of strong cash flow, and built into that assumption is that commodity costs are fairly moderate.
Alan D. Wilson: We think it's going to be fairly challenged. We have some positives in certain markets. And then, as we get into the back half of the year, some easier comparisons. But we do think through the year that, that -- and I'm following our customers' releases as closely as -- probably closer than you are because they really impact us. But I would say that we think that it's going to be fairly challenged.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Australia has been a tough market for McCormick. As you all know, we're not the brand leader there, and so what we have done is we kind of used it as a laboratory in terms of how a second-place supplier challenges a market leader. And so we've been pretty innovative with new products. We've been very targeted on the kinds of things that we're doing and -- outside our core spice and seasoning line, and we've seen some pretty positive results over the last 2 years as we've done that, but it is a challenging market.
Alan D. Wilson: I don't have the actual comparative data between branded and private label in the fourth quarter, but typically we do see an increase in branded shares for a couple of reasons. One is consumers are less willing to take chances on their meals. The second is private label is pretty prevalent in really popular items, but a lot of the items that are purchased at the holiday like nutmeg and pumpkin pie spice and apple pie spice and things like that aren't necessarily replicated in private label because they're a onetime purchase. So I'm afraid I don't have the data specific to private label in this period on these items in front of me, but typically what we've seen is our branded shares are at the highest in the fourth quarter of the year. I would expect they still are.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. Our focus is in a couple of areas. The main spending is in our larger consumer markets like the U.S. and EMEA, and we're doing a number of things, everything from digital recipes to promotions that we work with on search to really target where consumers are at -- on their mobile phones. So as they're searching for things like chicken, we're working with retailers on driving specific purchases of specific McCormick items to a retailer, and we're seeing some really great results with that. As we continue to expand, we have some technologies, which allow for individual flavor selection, and we've been talking to a number of retailers around tying that to their programs. But we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in terms of returns, how consumers are responding. The digital consumer is a very engaged consumer, and so it's one that increasingly we're reaching out to.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say specifically. I think, it's been a pretty balanced approach to everything from SG&A to productivity in our manufacturing plants, as well as looking at savings within our procurement channels. So it's pretty balanced, and I don't expect that, that's going to change. We're not going to be heavier this year in one versus the other, different than we've been in the past.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks for your questions and for participating in the call today. We do believe interest in flavor continues to grow, and McCormick is well positioned to meet this through our growth initiative, our increased global presence and our passion for flavor. While today's environment remains challenging, we're staying close to the market, we're going to be agile, and we're going to adapt our business to drive sales and profit. McCormick's leaders and all its employees are committed to building shareholder value. So thank you very much.
Gordon M. Stetz: Alexia, this is Gordon. We are profitable in those markets. The particular issue within the fourth quarter that we were pointing to relates to the relative mix of the business of the U.S. versus those foreign markets. And given the skewing of our results and the importance of the holiday period within the fourth quarter to the extent the U.S. market doesn't perform to the expectations that we have had, that can have a negative relative mix on both the gross and operating margin lines. So that's the near-term impact that we saw within the quarter. On a longer-term basis, we fully expect the Americas businesses to continue to grow. We've talked about the Americas margin structure being a strong line as it is, so our desire is for that business to continue to grow over time. And the emerging markets, as we gain scale and share and expand our presence there, we would expect those to start to approximate overall corporate margins as well. And the margin story really does differ by which emerging market we talk about. We've been in certain areas for quite some time, China in particular. That would be a better relative margin to, say, India where we're still establishing an infrastructure and then versus Poland, where we have an established business there that's being integrated into the European team, where they have margins comparable to the overall company structure.
Gordon M. Stetz: It more than likely would be flat to slightly dilutive, and that's primarily a function of the transaction cost that we would expense at the time we close the transaction, which we've indicated previously are about $4 million.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, what obviously impacts that and many of you heard us talk about this is the material cost environment, to the extent it's inflationary, which is what we've seen through -- from 2011 to 2012. Our pricing mechanisms are pass-throughs as we've talked about, and those pass-throughs do not allow for a margin expansion. In fact, it's passing dollar for dollar through on the raw material cost and actually has margin -- gross margin points compression on it. So what we point to in those periods is year-on-year operating income growth. We've seen consistent year-on-year operating income growth out of that Industrial business, and we've seen margins stuck pretty much in that 7.5% to 8% range. So underneath this period of cost inflation, there actually is margin improvement. But in terms of the timing of when we continue to believe we can get to that, say, 8% to 10% range is going to be very much a function of the cost outlook.
Gordon M. Stetz: Akshay, this is Gordon. Your first assumption is correct. The gross margin impact was very much a function of the geographic mix of the business, as we've said in the call, and that's primarily the Americas region softness we pointed to. As we have indicated in the call, we expect -- because of a more benign environment, improvement in our gross margin this year, and that follows 2 years of material cost inflation, which we've had that compression on now. In those periods of material cost inflation, we want to make sure that we're still able to deliver operating income dollar growth, and certainly our teams primarily in the industrial group but also in the consumer group have been focused on delivering those operating income growth targets. It's difficult to give you an exact time frame as to where we will be on the gross profit margin in the long term. I can tell you in a benign environment, we would expect this nice steady improvement that we had seen over time, and that would be a function of the Consumer business growth outpacing the Industrial business growth. Our Industrial business margin structure is getting better through their CCI and portfolio mix, and that's still the strategy that we have adhered to.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, on the Consumer side, it was mostly the volume issue as it relates to the entire portfolio mix in the Americas softness. But within the Industrial business, I would agree that we did have some negative mix, in particular in the U.S. Industrial business within the quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Chris, I would just add that's given where we are with our targeted debt level and the amount of cash we generate, depending on the acquisition size, we've historically been able to do both share repurchase and acquisitions, and that's our intention as we go into this year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, Rob. We were up $11 million and a significant portion of that was also up in the advertising. So we were up year-over-year. We also -- as mentioned, we had a significant portion in digital that we're spending behind. So yes, we were up.
Gordon M. Stetz: No. We think it's -- just based on what we've seen so far since we closed the year, we're cautiously optimistic and encouraged by what we're seeing in the U.S. business.
Gordon M. Stetz: Our philosophy, Eric, has been to disclose the amount, the underlying economics whether -- based on whatever accounting you're using doesn't really change. So from our standpoint, we felt certainly it's important for our investment community to know what the amount is and for you to evaluate the impact to us. We've given you the cash impact associated with some of the funding as well, but we do look at those things. However, we finally landed that the best way to disclose this was purely to give you the amount that was the impact. And as Alan said, we're challenged as a management team to overcome this and move on.
Gordon M. Stetz: We haven't a specific number out there, Eric, but I don't disagree with your math and that certainly could be an outcome as we progress through the year.
Andrew Lazar: With respect to some of your comments about industrial sales in the Americas, I think, you were -- and actually the organic side of that were actually pretty good, and I think you said it was driven by increased sales of branded products to food service as opposed to the QSR. So that's fairly consistent, I think, with some of your comments in the third quarter where you said you were a bit more optimistic that as pricing was starting to wane, volumes for the -- just the branded sort of packaged food companies, many of which you supply, were starting to improve a bit. So I was hoping to get a bit of an update from you on just kind of how you see the landscape around the branded packaged food guys and if that trend has continued in a way that keeps you somewhat maybe cautiously optimistic from an industry standpoint.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then, I know that from time to time, not just in your business, but in others, there can be these quarter-to-quarter shifts in kind of inventory management in key customers, particularly, in the ends of key retailers' fiscal years, and we've seen that from time to time. Is -- I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of how your capabilities or systems allows you to have some visibility to what your inventories are at the customer level. Has your ability or capabilities there changed at all in the last couple of years to where you have a better sense of how that tracks, because it still seems like a lot of companies in this space get blindsided every so often by some of these shifts? And admittedly, maybe that's just the reality of the customer shifting things kind of quickly in a given period that you can't read. But I'm trying to get a sense of what your level of visibility is to that.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And I think Gordon said that you felt like separate from the supply chain issues from Sandy, that these issues as well, around the inventory side seem like they're pretty well behind you, or is some of that bleed into the first quarter? I wasn't clear on that piece.
