Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. As Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 35. We delivered strong results in 2020, despite great disruption proving the strength of our business model, the value of our product and our capabilities as a company, as well as the successful execution of our strategies. We have a strong foundation. We’re confident in the sustainability of at-home consumption, ends with the investments we’ve made to strengthen our supply chain resiliency, we are even better positioned to capitalize on accelerating consumer trends. We’re excited about the recent acquisitions of Cholula and FONA, which reinforce our global flavor leadership and accelerate our condiments flavors growth platform. We’re confident these investments further position us for continued success. Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our 2021 outlook reflect another year of differentiated growth and performance while also making investments for the future. We’re confident we will emerge stronger from these uncertain times. Now, let’s turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, Andrew, we’ve been ramping up production as we’ve gone through the fourth quarter – certainly, through the third and fourth quarter as we talked about on previous calls and anybody that walks into the store can see that the shelves are pretty poor condition. There are a lot of holes in the shelf, particularly in spices and seasonings. The recipe mix is that, reflects the fact that we’ve had our secondary skews on suspension to protect the key holiday items and it’s really been those two categories that had the greatest impact that our other product categories have had a pretty good service through the third and fourth quarter and into this year. So that’s been our focus area. We have, starting at the beginning of January, begun reinstating those secondary items. And so they are coming back on, as we said in our prepared remarks about two thirds of them, have been reinstated and remainder coming in the coming weeks. So, I think we’ll see the shelves starting to get a lot better gradually over the next over the next few weeks. we still are allocating products. There’s a big bow wave of demand ahead of us as our customers want to rebuild their inventory. And frankly, everyone forgets about consumer pantries, being a bit fair during this time as well. So, we do expect there to be a benefit to this fiscal year and that we’re really thinking about it in terms of the first half in terms of the rebuild of tumor inventory. I also want to emphasize that this is an Americas problem. Our manufacturing has really been able to keep up with the demand in the rest of the world. Just the scale of our consumer business and the Americas is so great. Particularly, in the fourth quarter of the year, even in normal circumstances, we have to pre-build inventory to supply that a huge demand that comes through in those categories in the fourth quarter of the year; and coming into the fourth quarter, very much hand to mouth already due to the sustained demand. That’s why we were signaling that we were going to have surface issues through the fourth quarter. We knew that to be the case. as we’ll say, just commenting on current conditions and I don’t want to get too much into 2021, we’re almost two thirds of the way through our first quarter and the service levels that we are shipping to our customers while we’re always still allocating products. It’s the best service that we’ve had since the spring.
Lawrence Kurzius: Andrew, there are a couple of other companies I’ve commented on it and I’ll just say it again. Our consumer research, both the syndicated information that we get in our own proprietary research says consumers are enjoying cooking more at home. Three out of four consumers say it relaxes them and reduces their stress, fully up poorer consumers say they actually tend to cook more at home after the pandemic, then they are even now and with the added uncertainty around the vaccine timing and the take-up of the vaccine and do a variance emerging, I think that there’s a lot of reasonably consumptions going to be elevated this year, at least for quite some time.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure. Well, Ken, first of all, pricing is an ongoing discussion with customers. I don’t want to get too specific about pricing actions that haven’t been taken, because of customer and competitive reasons on the end. And so our comments on that are pretty limited right now. I’ll remind everybody on the call that 40% of our sales are the Flavor Solutions segment, and a great portion of that is based on a contractual relationship for this, a pass-through of pricing. I don’t think we have the same pressure on pricing as maybe, some other companies. Our outlook is for low single-digit inflation. We have a unique basket of commodities and input costs that are not an exact match to inflation or an exact match to our peers. We do use CCI as well. We are seeing cost inflations, freight is up, ocean freight in particular, is an emerging – current and emerging concern, but really, not prepared to talk about make too many specific comments about pricing right now. We do have some wrap from 2020 pricing actions and where we need to take pricing in 2021, we’re confident we can take it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, we’ve had tremendous growth in e-commerce. As we went through the year, we’ve talked about this a couple of times and then told as everybody else and I know our own experiences anecdotally, are that many of us that shop on the e-commerce. if you take all three legs of e-commerce, as we think about it, CTC, pure-play and our click and collect type customer brick and mortar efforts, all of that was up well over 100% percent on a global scale. And while we don’t actually disclose the total percentage of our business, that is from e-commerce. On the consumer side, it’s less than 10%, but it’s up substantially from past years and continuing a long trend of shift by consumers to shopping with e-commerce.
Lawrence Kurzius: If I were to point to one thing, or we were – maybe our sales performance for the fourth quarter was different than our expectations it would be in this area of Flavor Solutions, it was bit stronger across the board that we would have thought we gave that U.S. guidance.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay. Well, I think those are two different questions. But on pricing there are two things that are happening in Nielsen that are, that make up look like there’s more pricing perhaps than there actually is. The first is that there has been a bit of a channel shift as we’ve gone through the crisis where I’d say regular – I’d say regular grocery has been stronger than other channels. And it tends to carry a higher price point as a result of that comes through as pricing inflation in the Nielsen data that is really a kind of artificial and that was one of the things that that was pointing to. And then the other is there’s still a reduced level of promotional activity that is happening. And not just for us, but across the board that comes through as a focus of price increase in the Nielsen data. As far as the inventory build, we’ve not really quantified it, but it stands to reason that there’s going to be a substantial catch-up on trade stock as we shipped to – we’ve shipped under consumption now for three quarters. And I think you can expect that we will –as our American supply chain catches up that will – you’ll start to see shipping above consumption. That consumption is still very strong. I mentioned that, our production was up 40% in December for our U.S. consumer business. And then the market took all of that and there’s still a blasted through, it’s – but we talk about inventories, if it’s not back room warehouse stock, it’s still, if it’s restocking the shelf itself that that’s part of that. I think that that’s going to be a gradual process as we go through the first half of the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, we do have a reinvention of the spice aisle and it’s an important category management program that is good – it’s a, win-win, it’s great for the customers, and it’s great for us. Although we didn’t make as much progress on that last year as we would’ve hoped when we were talking about it at Cagney. We were able to impact a little over 5,000 stores last year. So, we did continue that that effort, even with the pandemic going on and we would expect to get a like number of stores again in 2021, which is really between those the two years is quite enough really moves the needle. And so we’re continuing with those efforts that we think are important. This has also been a chance to rethink the assortment in the in the category. And so we’ve taken a look, as part of this to reduces the number of items in the store for their section. But we’ve also looked at the assortment that we offer and we skew rationalize out a part of the early long tail of products that we have to – about 250 items in the herb, spice, seasoning and recipe mix category to simplify our sort as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well let’s try to address each one of those points, but our expectation is for our Consumer segment to grow in 2021, that independent of the acquisition that we made, many of our categories have been in full supply through the whole crisis, all of this discussion about inventory stocking it GDPs [ph] is predominantly in herbs by the seasoning of recipe mixes, the growth is going to vary from quarter-to-quarter. I mean, we’re going to lap some extraordinary consumption. So, well consumption is still running strong for us, the most recent period is still 11.5% and that includes the fact that we’ve got all of those gaps on the shelf. And that is really strong and quite elevated. I compare it to over 50% consumption growth in Q2 and I believe the number 40 something that has already some of the numbers up at the tip of my fingers right now. In Q3 and so we’re in a lockdown, and those are some pretty tough comps in the consumer business for the Americas, and not exactly the same numbers, but comparable peaks coming across EMEA, so that’s, going to be a bit of a headwind as we go pass those.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think the bigger impact, frankly, is the incremental and extraordinary expenses for dealing with the COVID crisis that, right now running through our business that we expect to get out right as we get the second half.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I’ll speak broadly about China. I’m expecting that we’re going to have a very strong recovery in China. China had a very strong response to the COVID crisis with a very comprehensive lockdown. Consumers did not have a chance to shop, and so the results in China the first and second quarter last year were really depressed. And so I expect to see a very strong rebound from that as we lapse those numbers. And additionally, I think there’s a little bit of a benefit from Chinese New Year being slept with later this year than last year, some of our Chinese New Year volumes that would normally ship at the end of our fiscal year actually is falling into fourth quarter. So that’s going to be also adds a favorable comparison.
Lawrence Kurzius: But overall interest is off obviously. And, Peter, it’s related to your question. We spent up on A&P in the fourth quarter and every region of the world, including in China to make sure that our consumer business was off to a strong start. The A&P is not test for immediate business performance but for long-term brand building and China was one of the markets that we invested additional A&P and in the fourth quarter of last year, that will help us get a good start on 2021.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks. Thank you. I will now turn the floor over to Lawrence Kurzius for his closing remarks.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I’d like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating on today’s call. McCormick is differentiated by the breadth of reach of our balanced portfolio, which drives consistency in our performance during volatile times, I am incredibly proud of the way McCormick performed during 2020, we drove outstanding, underlying operating performance, storing unprecedented times. I’ll prioritize in the safety and health of our employees and supporting the communities in which we operate. We expect to drive even further growth as we continue to execute on our long-term strategies, actively respond to changing consumer behavior and capitalize on new opportunities from our relative strength. Our investments provide a new foundation for growth, enhancing our agility and our relevance with consumers and customers, which positions as well for continued success and long-term shareholder value creation.
Mike Smith: Yes, we are, but it’s not quite as clean in China. Because in China, they factually reinstated some restrictions, that’s not the same as it was a year ago, where there was a government lockdown. but the government is encouraging people not to travel, is encouraging people to celebrate Chinese New Year at home. Generally, in China when the government gives encouragement to do something to do it. And so I think that right now, for Chinese New Year, I’m not sure we can draw a lot of conclusions around the consumer behavior. It’s not quite as clean as in Australia, where COVID seems to be under control, restrictions have been lifted, and consumers are still making the choice without that government encouragement to continue to cook at home. In 2021, Chinese New Year is – later in the first quarter, so it will – after that have done, we’ll have a better read on it. Yeah, I think so.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, the integration is growing very well. I mean, the Cholula obviously is more of a plug and play. It’s a lot of co-pack like we said. so that’s a pretty straightforward one and FONA has a great business and as I said before, it’s discrete teams focusing on them and helping integrate into our business. So, it’s not taking away from the base focus we need on the core business, if that’s kind of where you’re going at.
Mike Smith: I mean, we’re prepared for any environment. We have broadened diversified portfolio, just like we showed last year to have that kind of sales growth and performance. We can manage any environment. And I think there’s two bars as point as we think there’s consumers trends will be sticky although people will go out more to eat as the vaccine becomes more global, but we think we’ve created some habits that markets go away.
Mike Smith: Hey, Rob. It’s Mike, I’ll take that one. I mean, it’s a great point. I mean, we did highlight the first half, second half story. within the first half, there are two stories also; obviously, it’s an easy comparison, especially from a consumer perspective in the first quarter. I think we’re off to a strong start this year, as you would suspect, as you can see in some of the consumption data in the U.S. primarily. We also know we’re laughing a really strong second quarter. and I think it’s something as you look at your modeling, you want to adjust to those that assumption. tax rate, we know is a really tough comparison in the first quarter compared to last year, which we’ve highlighted, but in the first half, as we’ve talked about, we’re going to have COVID costs, it will be across both quarters, primarily in the first half significant investment in A&P as we drive our brands, as we recover really in the first quarter or two, but in the second quarter also. But yes, and also for the second half, as you think about it, our COVID costs are high in the first half. But we began to get them out of the business in the second half or as a year ago that’s when we were really ramping up on things that were expensive relative to COVID. And so, we’ll have the unwinding of that as a bit of a tailwind in the second half of the year as well.
Mike Smith: And you’ll see things like ERP costs built throughout the year. So it would be, again, first half, second half could it be kind of more weighted to the second half.
Mike Smith: Yes, I think, I’ll answer that one, Lawrence can add in there. I mean, we’re seeing – we’re not going to give you percentages, because it really varies by region based on the split of our package versus restaurant. But in the Americas, we’ve seen very strong CPG performance, mid-to-high single-digits offset by similar ranges on the branded food service on the restaurant side. But it’s the mix of the business in regions, which give you that. But overall being positive, we were very thrilled with that. I know a lot of people were surprised by that even though consumer grew very strongly.
Mike Smith: I think we have talk about a lot of Flavor Solutions business being a little lumpy, because it’s based on customer demand and things like that consumer will be lumpy this year, because of the quarterly comparisons so much happened last year by quarter, that you’re going to have to – we’re going to help you through that, but we’re giving broad guidance for the year, which makes it a little difficult because most of us have already forgotten 2020.
Mike Smith: Well, as far as financial [ph], we have a broad market after the things, which were very different than our peers. And you have the normal big volume items somewhere up and somewhere down. But nothing stands out particularly, I mean, we all know everyone in the industry is getting hit recently by ocean freight and other freight strength. That’s in – that’s in our market basket. So, we say low single-digits, we don’t break it out, but 70% of our costs are really it’s really raw material and packaging. So that’s, but there’s, there’s nothing I would say that is crazy at this point.
Mike Smith: No, I mean, obviously you can calculate. We talked about our assumptions on the acquisitions for – in the models. So that’s an incremental cost in 2021, and we’ll get a natural decline in some other base parts of the portfolio is we aggressively pay down that last year.
