Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to provide some closing comments on Slide 25. Our business is moving in the right direction, we strengthened our margins, significantly improved our cash flow and are deleveraging ahead of expectations. From a top line perspective, volume trends improved sequentially through the third quarter, but fourth quarter performance was disappointing. Parts of our portfolio grew underscoring that our strategies and initiatives are working. In areas that were challenged, we know the drivers and are addressing those that we control. And combined with the initiatives we have in place, we fully expect we will drive improved trends and build to volume growth during the second half of 2024. We are committed to recovering our margins in both segments to historical levels, while making investments to drive sustainable top line growth. The fundamentals that have driven our historical performance remain in place. And we are as diligent as ever in driving value for our employees, consumers, customers and shareholders in 2024 and beyond. I am excited for the year ahead, which will be my first full year as CEO. I plan to drive an ambitious agenda with greater competitive posture and more intentionality that capitalize on our strong business fundamentals as well as the value of our brands and capabilities and have driven our past success. McCormick is a growth company, a global leader in flavor, with a long-term orientation and a strong culture. I am committed to advance our leadership and our differentiation. Our strategic pillars: growth, performance and people, remain consistent. I am energized to further incorporate my mark on our growth plans. In a fast-changing global environment, we need to build on our competitive strengths and opportunities to remain a differentiated market leader. As such, I would like to share the five priorities that the entire McCormick organization is rallying behind, as we enter 2024. First, strengthen our global leadership in core categories. That means, growing volume and market share in herbs, spices and seasonings and condiments, strengthening our leadership in heat and increasing the global scale of our flavors business and expanding our branded foodservice business. Second, drive profitable growth and higher returns on investments. We want to restore the operating margin we have lost the last several years. But importantly, do so in a measured way, using our cost savings and operating leverage to fuel top line growth in the near-term that will drive sustainable profits for years to come. Third, accelerate our digital transformation to enhance how we serve consumers and customers to work faster and more efficiently, and to strengthen decision-making by further leveraging data and insights. Fourth, continue to elevate our power of people culture and build the next generation of leaders and capabilities that will drive McCormick's success well into future years. And finally, all these contribute to our fifth priority, which is to strengthen and expand stem competitive advantages to make McCormick even more effective in the marketplace. Our advantages are critical to ensuring we deliver on our growth potential. Simply put, I am committed to harnessing the collective expertise of our talented McCormick team with a renewed sense of urgency and speed to deliver on these priorities, resulting in long-term sustainable profitable growth that will be industry-leading. While 2024 is an important year of investments, we are confident in our capabilities and enthusiastic about some early signposts of success. And we are committed to returning to the type of growth that investors expect from McCormick. The foundation has been laid and building blocks are in place, and I look forward to sharing more about them at CAGNY in February. As I said, I am excited for the year ahead and delivering on our long-term objectives. Finally, before turning to your questions, I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for their contributions in 2023, and the momentum they are carrying into 2024, and reiterate my confidence that, together, we will drive the profitable growth reflected in our 2024 outlook. Now for your questions.
Brendan Foley: Well, Andrew, thanks for the question. Let me start by commenting on how we ended 2023 from a volume perspective. While the fourth quarter was below our expectations, there were bright spots, because our actions are working in a number of categories that are critical for us. And for the challenging area, you know what the issues are, and I'm pleased with the speed and urgency with which the team is addressing them.  I guess just to step back, pre-pandemic, we consistently drove volume growth across our business in both segments. And the macro dynamics of the last several years disrupted this. And so we see 2024 as an important moment to get back there as soon as we can. We do have a bias towards even greater investment on the business. And as I've said, we're approaching our plans differently with even greater competitive posture, greater intentionality towards driving volume growth and share in those key and really attractive categories. I think where we stand at this point in 2024 is we appear to be moving beyond those macro dynamics. Yet at the same time, we recognize the uncertainty of the environment, and therefore, I'm taking a cautious view on that outlook. From a consumption standpoint, we do expect to exit 2024 in a stronger position than how we exited in 2023. And importantly, though, we're also entering 2024 in a position of strength in terms of our ability to invest in the business and expand margins. So we're able to intentionally focus those investments on areas that we expect will have the greatest impact on improving volume performance and driving sustainable profit growth. We expect our volumes to improve as we progress through the year and to drive the volume growth during the second half. This momentum is expected to continue into 2025, notwithstanding any new surprises on sort of the macroeconomic headwinds that might be out there. And I believe our investments will drive quality earnings growth and will put us on a trajectory of -- on that long-term algorithm. So those are the -- that's the way we're thinking about exiting '23, how we're thinking about '24 and as we go into '25.
Brendan Foley: Well, as I said, we're entering '24 in a position of strength after navigating these dynamics over the last several years. And I'll turn it over to Mike just to give some context, and I'll wrap it up with a few other thoughts.
Brendan Foley: Mike said on sort of this portfolio optimization, we really do see that working. So we did make a couple of intentional moves as you know. That's really, I think, allowing us to invest even more in the part of the portfolio, which we know will be the strongest. And then we did make a lot of targeted investments in '23. So that's yielding results. We like where that's going. And it's achieving high ROI, and that's carrying us into '24. So I do believe this intentional investment in those categories that are core to us will really be the biggest drivers of profitable growth. And we should see that margin accretion from that mix of sales. So we really do believe we're operating in a position of strength there.
Brendan Foley: I think to maybe one point. As we get the price differentials right, the advertising is even more effective. And that's important. And we're happy with the ROIs on our A&P, but it gets even better when you have the right price differential, as we've seen with Black Pepper, Vanilla and other categories.
Brendan Foley: On China, and just a little bit of context here, our food away from home business, which is included in Asia Pacific Consumer, it definitely will – we expect to see slower demand, especially sort of in the first half of the year. But we do expect overall China sales in 2024 to be comparable to 2023. But maybe for some more additional context, Mike and I spent a week in China in early January, just actually a few weeks ago just visiting our teams there and assessing dense conditions. And I would say, broadly, our outlook for the Chinese consumer does remain cautious. There's a number of indicators that kind of point to this. There's high unemployment with young adults, low consumer confidence. We see consumers with a reluctance to spend. And uniquely in our business, we tend to serve the smaller independent restaurants, particularly in Central China, and we see them losing traffic to larger chains and QSRs, because they're really driving either really strong value or they're winning on just even more store growth overall. And so we see this playing out in the retail category there, especially with the modern trade. Just to share a quick anecdote, as we were there, I took one afternoon just to walk around and actually I forgot the pack a tie, So I had to go buy a tie and go to an apartment store. What struck me was really a lot of movement in people outside than on the streets. And I want to go get a cup of coffee. It's kind of empty. Go to the department store, not spoke with anybody almost. And so there's just not really a lot of active spending. We see a lot of people out and about the mobilities there, and it's returned, but we're not seeing the spending. And I think it's broadly sort of an example of what we are observing as we were in the market there. Having said that though, like we do in other regions, we do have plans to really address the change in trends with the Chinese consumer. And we do expect our Flavor Solutions business to be a bit stronger this year just due to the QSR trends. But we do expect a gradual recovery in China, starting probably more in the second half of 2024. And the exact pace of growth will really be determined by how that macroeconomic parameter kind of plays out and consumer confidence plans over the next few quarters. But we really do continue to believe in the long-term growth trajectory of this market and are working to strengthen those plans as we go through 2024.
Brendan Foley: Well, Alexia, thanks for the question. We never really project exactly what to expect and share, because there's just a lot of dynamics that might happen at the shelf. But I would point to how we're talking about volume and our outlook on volume as we think about the first half, the second half and as we expect to kind of grow volume in the back half of the year. That certainly will have an influence on what we see play out in share performance. But we tend not to sort of specifically tell you. I don't think that there is a specific quarter I can tell you when that's going to happen.
Brendan Foley: Well, good morning, Max, I'll maybe kick it off with some context around your question on sales and consumption and sort of the state of the consumer, and I'll pass it over to Mike for commentary on -- I think you had a question there with regard to margin. But I think we are taking a cautious view with regard to where the consumer is right now. And that's really informed by what we saw in Q4. We just saw a little bit more shifting, particularly as you think about how the quarter played out and if you think about consumption trends, we saw consumers really pulled back in September and October, and then really wait until right before the holidays to really make a lot of their purchases. And we even see -- saw similar indications leading up to Christmas. So, what's underneath that, I think, is people were certainly holding off there, making a lot more trips to the store, buying a lot fewer items and units. And maybe even smaller units actually started to come true, I think, from a consumer trend standpoint. And I think we just have to acknowledge that this is a little bit different than what we saw in the summer. It was a little bit more pronounced. Certainly, it affected our trends as we kind of been really clear about. And so it's prudent for us to just take a cautious view where the consumer is going to be going here in early 2024. And so we felt like it was best to recognize that in our outlook, particularly as we think about the first half of the year. But we're also going to be putting in more investment in the business, more A&P. So we expect also to be able to meet the consumer where they are right now and really try to focus on our game plan, which is to drive volume growth. Mike, do you want to add...
Brendan Foley: Yes. I mean we're confident in our CCI and GOE programs. I mean we've baked -- low single-digit inflation environment, like I said before, which we have good line of sight generally for the rest of the year, gives us more confidence there. First quarter is going to be our highest cost increase. And we see it petering down after that and our pricing is going to be the highest in the first quarter, too. Generally, I think what I'd say, if you think about last year with our GOE programs, we met our targets. Actually, we exceeded a bit our external targets. We were a bit prudent because -- but we met our internal target. So I would say being prudent is the word of the day. And love to over-deliver if we could. But we also realized in this environment, making investments on price gap management and A&P is really important. So we'll assess that as the year goes on.
Brendan Foley: Sure, Steve. Our growth momentum in Flavor Solutions was pretty exceptional, I think, throughout the year in 2023 with double-digit growth in the first three quarters and slight volume growth there. But even with the deceleration in the fourth quarter, we had pretty strong organic growth throughout 2023. And we do expect to continue to make really good progress there. Although, we’re not going to be in double digits, I think, in 2024, but still making really good progress. To give you maybe more of a regional consideration, as I think through the portfolio. In the Americas, we continue to drive strong branded foodservice volume. And in flavors, particularly in a number of the categories that we tend to have some strong performance and like performance nutrition and beverage, we see continued strong performance in volume. And I think that we would expect that to continue into 2024. Across the rest of the flavor product category, a lot of our growth was impacted by the softness of our customers' performance in the market with regard to units and volume. And we saw a little bit more drop than we would have expected, not inconsistent with our own consumer business. And so while we're disappointed in that softness, we still believe our results are pretty good in this area. I think that's the chance of that continuing to 2024, probably likely. In EMEA, as we mentioned in our third quarter call, that our customers there are, both for packaged goods and also quick serve restaurants, are experiencing softness in their volumes within their business, too. And we anticipated that in the fourth quarter. However, there's even maybe a little bit more than what we expected. So almost like a similar theme to what I said about the U.S. And so we expect some softness related there as we enter in Q1. But we're optimistic, again, that we'll continue to sort of improve every quarter as we go through 2024. And then in Asia Pacific, our growth that was impacted by slower than expected restaurant traffic. Some of that really had to do with just unrelated matters, but some boycotts issues that we're seeing in Southeast Asia. But we saw some nice performance in China, so I would expect that to continue in 2024 and some trends. So that's just some context around Flavor Solutions.
Brendan Foley: Well, with so much has changed since 2019, I think that -- if I think about the entirety of all the different levers and variables that you were talking about, whether it's price elasticity or volume and where the consumer is, there's been reasonably enough significant change that. As we take a look at our categories, we're taking a look at in terms of how they're performing today and where we need to go in order to drive volume growth. And as we said earlier, that's a component of increased A&P. A lot of that advertising focused on talking about value. Parts of our portfolio, we know that price gap management can have a really effective impact on turning around unit volume trends. And so I think that's an indication of where the consumer is right now. If you look at unit volume performance, either in our business or probably the category, pricing has had an impact, and we have to acknowledge that. Having said that, though, if I compare our business organically, and product mix, compared to 2019, our total organic volume is about the same as 2019. We haven't really lost significant volume or on product mix since pre-pandemic. And so I think that's one sort of consideration to have is, while there's been a lot of change in many ups and downs, I think, if you think about all these macro dynamic impacts we've been going through, we find ourselves in a similar volume position as we were in 2019. I don't -- I think I might have provided the context that you're looking for.
Brendan Foley: Well, as I think about our competitive posture in Flavor Solutions, I feel really good about it. It starts with having great capabilities in technology and a great team. And I think we do have a differentiated approach towards driving growth, particularly in flavors and seasonings in that part of our business. From a technology standpoint, we continue to win and sort of there's -- a lot of categories that we operate in there that we're targeting because they're positive and high growth. And we also tend to get a good mix of large customers and moderately in small-sized customers who tend to be characterized by much even higher growth. As we think about that as a portfolio mix of customers, we're seeing a lot of strength coming from that. And I would just point to our Boeing trends throughout '23. And as we think about '24 to be an indication of how we think we're performing relative to the market there overall. And so those are some indications. Now, the other one on top of that would be heat. And we continue to see growth through heat. We continue to see that as a as the part of that portfolio, if you will, it tends to grow at an even higher rate just due to where consumers are. And we talked a lot about heat extensively in terms of how popular it is. And so that's another reason to believe that we feel like we're competitively poised in this part of our business. It's an exciting part of our business. It's an exciting part of our business. It's one that's receiving a lot of increased investment, too, as we think about building capacity, technology and really growing to global scale.
Brendan Foley: Largely, I think it's a product of price gaps that we can manage to. But I think your observations would align with ours in that it isn't strictly an issue regarding private label or other branded competition. I think it's really an attractive category that has always received new competitors and new entrants. And so we look broadly when we think about competition in that part of our portfolio, as being -- and at the shelf is both watching those gaps versus private label and also branded competitors.
Brendan Foley: We do. I mean we look at that annually. And it's part of our strategic planning process. And so yes, we do spend time making sure we understand how that's performing. But I think your 5% to 7%, I think, is -- or actually you said 4% to 6%, but I would tell you it's generally around those same numbers. We tend to think about it is 5% to 7% at a global level.
Brendan Foley: No, I would urge you not to take away that as an indication that the category is weaker. This is still a very attractive category. Also appreciate that the category at the global level has also gone through a lot of inflation in pricing and similar factors, but we still see this as a very attractive category for the total company. And so that is not the view that we take, particularly with the data that we look at. And so I think maybe that got at the heart of your question.
Brendan Foley: It's harder to quantify because it's – we know how much we're shipping out in terms of our total portfolio that's getting this new package. And so as I said, that number is at 75%. And that, we feel that's – we're pretty accurate about that. But now the reflection on shelf, as all this inventory is flowing in on shelf, that's happening on a lag to that 75% number. We expect it to just continue to increase through the first half of the year. I think through the first half of the year, we should largely be caught up to that number to specific standpoint, too. If you walk into a store today, you're going to see on the shelf some in the old package, some of the new package, and that's just maybe an indication of how you might think about flow-through overall. However, I will tell you that as we do look at specific accounts and locations where we know we're seeing a lot of that flow through already have occurred, we are seeing a nice pickup in velocity as we would have expected to be the case, because we've seen this package perform in EMEA in a similar way. And it really does deliver on the SKUs for freshness for consumers and really kind of takes it up a notch in terms of the overall benefit and offering that we're providing consumers. So we feel pretty good about that. What you'll also hear us talk about is we're going to start to move other parts of the product line into this package, too, beginning in the back half of 2024. So we're not done. But this part of our line that we've been speaking about since mid-last year is still in the process of flowing through on shelf.
Brendan Foley: 3% to 4% range for 2023. Know that underneath that, we tend to see working media grow a lot faster than that, because we're also offsetting it with other productivity and taking out more nonworking investments. But 2023 is in that range. Now 2024 though, is in the double-digit range. And we feel really good about that where we're putting that investment.
Brendan Foley: The only thing I'll add on top of what Mike just said with regard to just that constant focus against improving margin. We're also -- as we continue to shift customers to higher-margin product lines, more insulated technology, et cetera, it allows us to continue to grow margin too. But I think Mike pretty much nailed it there. And that's our outlook on it. It's still pretty positive. And it's just going to take us a little bit longer, as we've been calling out really ever since, I think, last year.
Mike Smith: Yes. Good morning, Andrew. Yes, as you saw from our results, we ended the year with strong operating margin performance, and for the full year, up 100 basis points. A big key to our recovery was recovering the cost increases through pricing. Obviously, 20% cost increases two years ago, over 10% last year, there was a big job to do that. So we're able to do that in 2023, which helped our margins. Our CCI and GOE programs, we've talked about a lot, really performed and give a strong momentum, frankly, into 2024. 2024, as you think about this year, we're showing some margin improvement about 80 basis points. And with low single-digit inflation, and you think about four or five years ago when we had low single-digit inflation, CCI really works for us. You take a little bit of pricing and we're having some pricing wrap in 2024 and then you can decide what to do with. And CCI, some of it drops to the bottom line through margin improvement, we're making those increased revenue price cap investments, which we've always done some degree of that, but also our brand A&P up -- double digits is another way we're using CCI this year. So it's kind of a sweet spot for us at low single-digit inflation environment as we think about it. And the portfolio optimization we've talked about last year, which -- a bit of that continues into this year. So, again, helping drive our margins up. We want to recover over time the gross profit margins we had pre-pandemic, but we're doing it judiciously.
Mike Smith: Okay. Let me kick off and -- a couple of questions in there. The first, I think, had to do with just promotional lifts and what we're seeing. And I'm not necessarily trying to compare to the comments of other companies. But what we're seeing right now in our business today is we're not seeing huge declines or sort of reduced significant lifts of promotion. But there's an important consideration there, which is we're really a heavy base business. We don't have a ton of, if you think about our percentage of consumption. We're in the 90% range in terms of base consumption and the rest is really coming through promotions. So we're not overly reliant there. And I would just say that it's probably an area that I don't know that it's fair to draw a correlation between our performance and others. Now price gap management, in terms of how we're approaching that, we're looking across our portfolio. And just in the case of like spices and seasonings, it's a really broad portfolio with many subcategories underneath there. And each and every item -- you take compare black pepper to Montreal Steak they all have different price elasticities and where the consumer is to go. And so we have been surgically looking at this at a SKU level to make sure that we're doing the right thing to really drive overall growth in volume and unit consumption. And so that's allowed us to really, I think, be very, very sharp about how we drive this investment in a targeted way to make sure that we're starting to drive volume growth. In 2023, we saw a lot of improvement in parts of our business where we started to apply this. And I think like I said on the call, a good example was Black Pepper or Vanilla, and we started to really see the -- not only the volume of the unit share gain. And so that gave us really, I think, a lot of kind of stair-step into those investments. And that's the way we're going to do it in 2024 too. We're expanding that investment. We're going to continue to look at the line, we assess it. Honestly, every month and taking a look at where we see the individual products perform across the shelf. And then we decide what we need to do from a revenue and category standpoint. But I wanted to put on top of that, we're applying more A&P to the business, too, at the same time. And I think that's really important. We are seeing really good performance from A&P and it encourages us to continue to spend more on the business. And so you'll see more of that from us, I think, going forward. I'm not sure if I captured all your questions there, but let me know if I did.
Mike Smith: Hi, Alexia, yes, it's around 1% for Q1, but then it really Peters out the rest of the year. So very small the rest of the year. But 1% for Q1 as we lapped the decisions we made last year.
Mike Smith: I mean the pricing, Max, is really focused on the first half a bit more in the first quarter based on the timing of our pricing. I mean, the volume growth is sequential across both segments. And as you know, based on our fourth quarter performance, Flavor Solutions is exiting the year a little better trajectory than -- or at least based than Consumer. So as you model those things, you think about sequential improvement to get to that zero to negative two volume growth kind of the first half, second half story. And then pricing is really heavily weighted to the first half, primarily the first quarter.
Mike Smith: Yes, Steve, it's Mike. I'll take that. And if Brendan has any comments, he'll layer then in. I mean we talk about pricing for the full year being around 1%, and that includes our price gap management, too. So don't miss that point. And as you think about the first quarter, as I said before, that's the majority of the lapping of last year's pricing. First quarter, first half, that's where a lot of the price activities come through, so less so in the second six. So I'd say that for the full year, we're comfortable with pricing at one, I don't know what math you're looking at to make it negative, but I don't see that, honestly, for the full year. And from a -- and really by segment, too, you've got to think about it too. I mean Flavor Solutions is going to be a bit higher than 1%. Consumer is going to be a little bit lower from a pricing perspective. So we're managing it very closely. And we're comfortable with the full year guidance.
Mike Smith: Hi Matt, its Mike. I mean they're not materially different between segments to be honest. So the 50 to 100 basis points at the gross margin line and approximately 80 at the OP margin line. To your point, there are some price gap management items within the Consumer business, but there's also portfolio optimization, the GOE and CCI numbers which hit both segments. So I would say not materially different.
Mike Smith: That gives us belief in the sequential building of volume during 2024 into the second half, as you alluded to.
Mike Smith: Yes, that's great. Let me take that one, Rob, and maybe summarize it all for you. And as you've pointed out, the sequential improvement in volume we see from the fourth quarter, also considered, Consumer starting at a slightly lower place in flavor solutions. So as you model that, build that into your model and build throughout the year. Pricing actions are primarily first -- the lapping of that primarily first half related. Maybe concentrated, I'd say, in the first quarter. However, cost in the first quarter, we're still seeing high single-digit inflation. It does go down to averaging of low single-digit inflation for the year, but there is a spike -- not a spike, but the highest level will be in the first quarter at high single-digit inflation. We get a bit of favorable product mix in the first quarter due to some of the initiatives we're talking about. But we're also seeing some of the negatives from an investment in price gap initiatives in Q1 primarily. So, as we think about pricing, a bit of that will be offset within the price gap management activities. GOE had a little bit of favorability to the wrap from last year in the first half, a bit in the first quarter too. And then as you mentioned, brand marketing up double digits in the first quarter is something that we're really driving toward. And not to forget tax, sometimes we do with tax. It's 22% for the year, but we see a higher tax rate in the first quarter and getting better as the year goes on. And don't forget, unfavorable FX throughout the whole year of about 1%.
Mike Smith: Hi Rob, it's Mike. I'll start and Brendan can add. You're right. We've been on a journey with Flavor Solutions. I can remember, it wasn't 15 years ago, but we were at a 6% OP margin. And we really, through focused cost initiatives, portfolio management, we're able to get that to over 14% pre-COVID, pre-pandemic. And we had aspirations for higher because our peers in the flavor industry are higher than that. And we still do aspire to those higher numbers. Obviously, COVID, the pricing costing relationship, that took over 300 basis points as we priced to cost. We did margin up that took -- that's over a 300 basis point impact on our margins there. So we've said we're going to build that back overtime through initiatives like CCI and things like that. We've had early success. I mean with the pricing initiatives we had last year in 2023, we took our operating margin from 8% in 2022 to 10% and 2023, granted still below where we were, but we see positive movement this year as we think about our total margin. I said both segments will see positive operating margin improvement. And we're in the process -- for Flavor Solutions, it's a pretty large number. As we are transitioning our large U.K. manufacturing facility, 2024 and 2025, you'll see some favorable tailwinds there which will help Flavor Solutions' margin. But to your point, and Brendan talked about, the focus on those great growing categories in the flavor side of the business, those are generally higher margin, they're stickier. That is our strategy that will help us drive our margins going forward.
