Alan Wilson: Yes what we’re talking about is actual retail pricing where we're analyzing the category, looking at all the stuff that's there and getting to the optimum price level for us and our competition. We're looking at things like margin parity, so that we make sure that the retail margins for our products are similar to the retail margins for other people. In some cases, it means raising the price -- the retail prices of some of our competition. The net impact of what that's doing, and also one thing I'll also make a point is getting sharper price points on some of the more price sensitive items from our standpoint. The net impact of that is its closing price gaps and we see that as very positive.
Alan Wilson: Well, as we went into last quarter, we were seeing increased foot traffic and some momentum in that business and then, as you've probably seen from our QSR customers, report of a supply issue which has impacted foot traffic again. We still see that business as being pretty resilient over time and the Chinese consumers tend to come back, but when they have these well publicized quality issues in the store, it erodes confidence and impacts short term traffic and we're seeing some of that like our customers have reported.
Alan Wilson: We're seeing some of the impact of the efforts that we've made between a combination of our new products, our category management activities and frankly some of those price gaps being closed. So what we've actually seen in the more recent periods and actually for the year, private label share in spices has not grown in the U.S. It's been pretty flat and in more recent periods, we've seen private label share flattening and actually declining a little bit. The second piece of that is we've actually grown share in the Recipe Mix category. We're up about a share point and so we’re seeing some of that. The share erosion that we've seen has declined somewhat. We were last year looking at about a 1.5 of share, now it's less than a share point and we're continuing to see momentum. So we're pleased that we have the right plans and the right kinds of activities that are going to continue to build that back. I'd also remind you that we have a healthy, growing category. So we have not seen the growth rates of category level off at all and so we're participating in good categories, both in Recipe Mixes and Spices and Seasonings.
Alan Wilson: We are open and evaluate larger acquisitions. But the ones that we've had the most success with have been the tuck-in acquisitions that we know how to manage, largely in emerging markets, although we have some more developed market candidates as well.
Alan Wilson: Well certainly there is going to be downward pressure. We haven't quantified the exact impact in the quarter, but I would say we're definitely going to be experiencing downward pressure and that's incorporated in the full year guidance that we've given you.
Alan Wilson: Yes, just to be clear what we're doing is making pricing recommendations on the category. We can't control what our competition does, although I will say that what we've seen over history is when we lead in pricing and that's our pricing to the retailer, it takes some time for our competition to follow because of our share position. No other competitor is going to lead in pricing until we take pricing, nobody else does and then they follow it gradually and we're seeing that impact now from last year's price increase, just takes a little more time for the others to flow through. If they choose to lower prices or promote heavily and that sort of thing, then we'll adapt and respond like we always do.
Alan Wilson: It's a mixed bag and frankly what we're trying to do is help them as they analyze the category with competitive prices relative to their competition and looking at the margins they're taking on McCormick items versus competitive items.
Alan Wilson: We're reflecting certainly what we've seen on the international markets and its impact on the margins year-to-date and what we anticipate on a go-forward basis into the quarter. So as we said in the call, we're maintaining the sales guidance but we're acknowledging that a lot of the sales growth year-to-date has come from the international growth and that's certainly impacted the margin structure and that's part of it. It's also acknowledging that we're investing behind our brands and we're having confidence in the programs that we have in place. We're not going to be pulling back on any of those programs. In fact, we're leaning into those in the fourth quarter, Alan described them to you. So that's a significant increase in Q4 which certainly is going to have an impact near term on the profit but we think it's the right thing long term for the category.
Alan Wilson: The products that we've launched have been more instead of being more premium; have been more focused on everyday classics with a twist and so effectively they're liquid versions of our more popular dry seasoning mixes and so we think that distinguishes us. We've obviously as everything that we do, we test with great flavors. So we believe that's going to deliver and just to remind you, we're in the liquid category already with our Lawry's wet marinades. So while this is a new launch for us and a new category that has been growing, we believe it will help with the category growth rate. We're not going head to head with the stuff that's already out there. We've got a different mix of products.
Alan Wilson: I wouldn't say we're necessarily positioning them differently. But we are -- as we always are very active with display activity to make sure that the stores have the product that they need as the consumers are shopping for the holiday meals. We are continuing to increase our advertising and marketing support behind the products as we go into the fourth quarter and we're working with retailers to make sure to get those displays up and in the right place so that consumers can find them.
Alan Wilson: I would say generally no, but there are certainly at least in terms of our products, we're looking at what the right level of pricing to hit the -- for the consumer is and we're managing gaps.
Alan Wilson: Yes it's more helping the retailer maximize their dollar profit and get the right margin mix for the items and remember, in our category it's a fairly small, limited number of items that are duplicated across all the brands. So there is about 15 to 20 items which are duplicated from opening price point, private label and then all the competitive brands that actually matter. And so those we're really working on getting the pricing right. The broad array of the stuff we offer are the things that are unique to certain times of the year like poultry seasoning and sage at Thanksgiving and some of the baking items at the holidays. So it's really kind of managing those things that aren't necessarily -- that are duplicated so we get the pricing right and all the things that aren't duplicated making sure the availability is there.
Alan Wilson: Well as we talked in some of the earlier calls, we saw a lot of stuff that was coming in through either produce departments or through a DSD supplier that may not have been visible to the center store category managers and some of that is just bringing that to their attention because we're seeing lots of stuff that has just found their way in and we see it sometimes. And couple of the selling stores (indiscernible) is to help them understand the impact on their inventory levels for stuff that's not necessarily adding to category growth. So we're kind of telling the whole category story and that's the role that we can play given our position.
Alan Wilson: Well typically, the fourth quarter is where we spend the heaviest and some of that spend is to support new products and so we've lined up the actual spend with the distribution level of the new products. So there is a piece to that that we've managed, but by and large -- because we do in the U.S. business and to a lesser extent in our other developed markets, and awful lot of our sales are skewed towards fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter is when we have our highest returns on investment for advertising.
Alan Wilson: Yes that's always the balance and we've been pretty disciplined. Through the years, we continue to be pretty disciplined on making sure that we can more than pay back the cost of capital over time for the deals that we make. Certainly that means that in highly contested deals we get bypassed in some cases. But we've been pretty disciplined. We know what our targets are. We are willing to pay the prices we need to pay but we also make sure that we know how to get the returns. And we have as you well know a pretty good track record on generating the value that we promise.
Alan Wilson: We are seeing some pressure, specifically on pepper and we're evaluating our plans as we go into next year. We're not making any changes to this year but we're evaluating how to respond to that for next year. But we're certainly seeing some upward pressure. It's pretty volatile world with everything from political unrest to some uncertain weather and -- but that's the kind of thing that we've always dealt with. But I will say that we're currently evaluating and getting our budgets ready for 2015 and making decisions on how we're going to approach it, what we do see as some input cost pressure.
Alan Wilson: Yes and we are continuing to look at and beef up our CCI programs and looking at other ways to help offset some of that inflation and to make sure that we stay within the right gaps that consumers are going to be able to buy our products.
Alan Wilson: We generally are looking more broadly at adjacent categories in the U.S. market. And I wouldn't say never that we couldn't, but I will say that most of our targets in the U.S. market are adjacent categories not directly Spice and Seasonings.
Alan Wilson: I want to thank everybody for your questions and for being on the call. We recognize that our financial results this quarter were a bit complex and with the tax-rate variance, the shift in sales and special charges. Putting these aside, we want to leave you with a few takeaways; we're making steady progress to improve the results of our U.S. Consumer business. We're driving increased sales and profits in a number of our international markets and we continue to invest in our growth and fuel these investments with above target CCI cost savings. This performance has us on track for record sales, profit and cash flow in 2014. Throughout McCormick, we're executing against our plans that have us well positioned for the future. Thanks for your time and attention today.
Gordon Stetz: The best estimate I would have on a go-forward basis for the tax-rate and I have to put two caveats around this because it's one of the factors that impacted the volatility you've obviously described. Based on current legislation and business mix, the rate that we provided for you for the fourth quarter of 28% would be a reasonable rate. Now, I appreciate the significant change during the course of the year, that significant change we spoke about is primarily a factor of the legislative environment and as we started the year, we had rules coming out of France that we thought were going to be a negative impact on that tax-rate and that was going to be a sustainable higher rate until the final regulations were published this quarter and we were able to interpret them more clearly and get advisory input on it and that became one of the biggest factors in the reversal of that outlook for the quarter. So I would say simply at the moment on current business mix and current legislation that 28 is probably a good number, but again, it's a volatile legislative environment and I don't know what different countries or different legislators are going to do as we proceed.
Gordon Stetz: We have a mix in our yearly incentive comp that's based partially on EPS and so there's a positive impact to that although we look at discrete items and exclude those and the other part is on what we term as -- we call it McCormick profit but it's a proxy for economic profit which is operating income with a charge for working capital. So it will impact our management incentive comp in a way in a bit.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, that’s pretty specific but to recall, last year a big part of -- because of our results, our bonuses were impacted negatively and so we're building some of those back as we perform a little better.
