Joyce L. Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, McCormick's Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call to review the company's first quarter financial results and 2013 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website, ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me on today's call are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Alan is going to begin with comments on first quarter results and a business update, followed by Gordon with a more detailed review of our first quarter financial performance and financial guidance for 2013. After that, we look forward to discussing your questions and some closing remarks from Alan. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of a new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce L. Brooks: Kohinoor specifically was up around 20% in sales in local currency. But that's -- as we said before, it's a combination of pricing, significant double-digit pricing, upwards of 20%, and a small decline in volume, which we feel compared well to some of the other competitors in India. So that's kind of the dynamic we're facing in this fiscal year.
Joyce L. Brooks: Thanks, Alan. I'd like to add my appreciation to those that participated on today's call. Through April 7, you may access a replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The conference ID number is 409379. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If you have any additional questions regarding the information today or anything else to discuss, I welcome your call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes this morning's conference.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. Our industrial sales in China are between 2% and 3% of our total sales. So it's significant. It's been a good growing business, but it's not an overwhelmingly growing business. I think what's happening with overall restaurant sales and we're seeing a bifurcation, I think, across a lot of categories with how consumers are spending. Consumers that are under stress are certainly experiencing the impact of the increased spike attacks and fuel prices, as well as a whole lot of other stresses, and they're not spending. Consumers at the higher end seem to be, at least so far, continuing to spend. So I think we're seeing a little bit of that play out in our business as well. We would think that would tend to impact the quick service restaurants more than some of the other broad food service channels. It's interesting, if you look at that chart that we showed on restaurant traffic, we were starting to see some sequential recovery, which kind of went away in the first quarter. And we think, over time, that will continue to get back.
Alan D. Wilson: I can't speak broadly to what everybody's strategy is. But I know, in our thinking, we've had so much pricing over the last couple of years that we believe it's -- we're working on getting the right shelf price. So we -- so as you saw in the quarter, we increased our promotion spend a little bit and didn't increase our advertising spend. Now for us, we're coming off a pretty heavy increase in the first quarter of last year. So for us, it's just kind of rebalancing, and we still expect that our advertising spend for the year will be up, pretty much in line with our sales growth, so kind of in that 3% to 5% range. What I do see a number of companies doing and talking about is, again, getting the shelf price right so that they're capturing volume. I think everybody, like we are, are expecting this year's growth to be driven much more by volume than necessarily pricing, as we've seen some amount of stability in commodity prices.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we've learned a lot and are continuing to learn every day in that market. What I would say is I think our volumes may have been impacted a little bit by pricing, which the industry is broadly taking. And we feel pretty comfortable with our supply chain and distribution model, that we'll be able to show long-term growth in that business. But as always happens as we integrate a new acquisition, we look at the business model. There's a little bit of structural change going on in our business, but we're pretty encouraged by long-term growth there. And in our other joint ventures as well in India, we've seen some pretty solid growth.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're very early. We have a -- we've continued to expand distribution in Russia, primarily with the Kamis brand out of Poland, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing. And primarily, what we're seeing right now is a growth in distribution. Russia, like a lot of more emerging economies, especially in the spice business, is largely a lower-cost bulk business. But as the economy is growing, there's a real interest in modern trade and in safe, convenient packaged products, and that's what we're selling. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing. Russia has been a very, very fast-growing business in our category, and we believe it's got great opportunity for us to continue to invest and expand.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, historically, our business has skewed towards the end of the year and specifically in the fourth quarter, so we do continue to see that. I think the dynamics this year are a little bit of the comparisons to last year, where we had a weaker end of year last year than we would have liked and have normally experienced, that we expect to get back to more of a normal pattern.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes. Certainly, last year's weather, and we didn't rely too much on excuses then, but last year's weather certainly impacted a number of our seasonal items early in the year. And we think that did impact, and this year is more of a normalized pattern. So we think that could have happened. As we look at our business to quick service restaurants, we could point specifically to some new product wins, which launched early last year, that drove a lot of that business. There may have been some underlying weather events that -- good weather that got people out, so there may be some impact of that. We've looked at the impact of early Easter in our U.S. business, and we think there may be some slight impact, but not significant, because it was later in the month and only a little bit more than a week earlier than last year. So we think there may be some slight uptick, but we're encouraged by what we've seen in our U.S. consumer business. We think it was good execution on our Super Bowl event that created a pretty good momentum, as well as some more normal weather patterns.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I think what I've seen from the food manufacturers, as you well know, a lot of our customers were going through a number of structural changes last year, as they changed -- as some of the companies were being split, some were going through major restructuring, and I think there was more of a focus on managing costs. What I'm seeing right now is back to a focus on growth, but a focus on fewer, bigger initiatives in innovation. So while I'm comfortable that we have a good pipeline and expect to see that benefit us, as we talked about, through the second half of the year, there wasn't the kind of new product activity that we have historically seen early in the year from a number of our customers. Now remember, we're not necessarily a harbinger of what other -- all the companies are doing because if we are participating in a new product launch, we'll benefit from it. They may be still be launching stuff that we're not participating in.
Alan D. Wilson: No, it was a plan, and a part of that promotion spend is product allowances to get new stuff on the shelf. So we've had -- we typically, in a number of our businesses, don't pay major allowances. But as we launched things like Big Easy Rice and some of the steak sauces, there is a bit of that impact, and it was a part of our plan to be able to do that. I'm a big supporter of continuing to manage and increase our advertising spend, and I think you'll see -- and you've seen it consistently, we've more than doubled it in my tenure. I think you'll continue to see that we'll invest behind the consumer.
Alan D. Wilson: I would not expect that to be the case. I do know that there is a lot of focus on making sure that -- from our customers, that consumers get back in the stores. I'd also say that because of the impact of that business on our overall company that I would not expect that to be the reason that we'd miss. I mean, certainly, it wouldn't help, but we expect a recovery.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I mean, we still have a pretty active pipeline. And I don't know what's going to happen through the rest of the industry. But I'd say we have an active pipeline that we feel pretty good about, but we're not seeing a flurry of things coming to market at this point. Now a lot of the stuff that we'd be looking at wouldn't necessarily come to market, but we're not -- so I'd say, from our standpoint, we're seeing an active pipeline, but we're not necessarily ready to pull the trigger on anything right now.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, I think it was a combination of 2 things. One is the kinds of new products that we launched in the first quarter and then secondly, working on getting the right price promotions. So it's -- again, like we said, it's not a big number. It is -- it impacted what you'd see in net sales in the first quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: We do on an annual basis, not in the quarter. Gordon is going to see if he can put his hands on the data. But our emerging market business would be up, and we expect it to be up substantially as we complete this deal with Wuhan in China. But we don't necessarily look at it that way in the quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: No, I think it's more structurally what's happened in the industry, as companies are kind of consolidating. They went through a major portfolio shift last year, and as companies are consolidating now, they aren't necessarily paring down their portfolio. So some of those established brands that we may expect to see, just as a matter of routine, aren't coming to market right now. On the other hand, a number of the kinds of assets that we look at are individually owned by entrepreneurs, and so theirs are more -- at some point, it will make sense for them to look for an exit strategy. And we get to know them, and we talk to them and make sure they know of our interest, and that's what we would expect. And we've talked about this in the past when we did the Kamis acquisition. We've known that business and that owner for more than a decade, and at a point, it made sense for him. That tends to be more what we're seeing.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we've continued to grow distribution and brand offerings in those channels, which is really strong. Because what we've seen is those channels have migrated from very low priced, not very high quality products in our category to a lot more branded offerings. And so we're benefiting from that both in dollar, the drug channel somewhat. But we're still seeing opportunity for growth there.
Alan D. Wilson: First, on the technical center, we're very pleased with the expansion and the new innovation center in China, where we have a space now where we can collaborate with customers. We have a culinary center, very much like the model that we have in Hunt Valley, as we've done this in other parts of the world. So we're pretty enthusiastic about that. And we're operating -- we've made some organizational changes about 2 years ago to align our technical function, our R&D function under a Chief Science Officer with Hamed Faridi. And so we're seeing the benefits of that, and it's allowed us to move people from different markets and get some good overlap in experience and leverage our science from one area to the other. So I think we're pleased with that. We are -- the new technology that you're talking about in flavor, we're expecting to be more -- to impact more 2014 and '15 than we are to impact 2013.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks for your questions, everyone, and participating in the call. McCormick's leaders and employees all around the world are working to overcome the challenges of today's environment, deliver increased sales and profit and build value for our shareholders. Consumer interest in flavor continues to expand in both developed and emerging markets. McCormick is meeting this demand with our growth initiatives, increased global presence and our passion for flavor.
Gordon M. Stetz: No, that is the guidance. We were saying that the industrial business will be towards the lower end of that 3% to 5% on a sales growth basis. And our expectation is that recovery will start to occur as we progress through the year, weighted more towards the second half of the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: Starting with 2014, I'm reluctant to go that far out with any forecasting, given the volatile environment we've lived through in the past 5 years. So I don't want to talk too specifically about 2014 or our positions. But to help you with our thinking in the back half of the year on the gross margin improvement, it's going to be a combination of things that we discussed in the call. One is certainly the material cost inflation we see easing as we go into the back half of the year, so we're feeling that 3% guidance more in the front half of the year. The second is the CCI for us occurs throughout the year. So we'll be incurring the CCI benefits as we progress, and that will help offset that as we get into the back half of the year and actually help improve margins. And then lastly, the business mix, both within the portfolio and the total portfolio. If you recall that fourth quarter, which is a large quarter for us, was not as strong as we wanted in the fourth quarter for our U.S. consumer business. And our expectation this year is that business will perform better and that, in fact, will have a very positive impact on gross margin. And within our industrial business, we're looking for the product portfolio itself to improve as we look at the pipeline and the types of items we'll be launching, again skewed towards the back half of the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: I wouldn't suggest there's anything else in there, Andrew. Obviously, the $3 million up spend and some of the pricing and promotion impacts gross margin as well, because that's going to be between the gross and net sales line. But the other impact was clearly the industrial business, which not only had the volume declines, but as we mentioned in the call, had a negative mix as well within that business due to, again, some of the timing of the items that we're expecting to occur later in the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: I would just differentiate that, Eric, compared to your historical memory, which may be what you're referencing, which was driven by a lot of competitive activity, where this was a combination of what Alan just described. This was new product placement and some planned promotions to drive volume in the quarter.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. I'll have to circle back to you, Eric. But I mean, clearly, if you look -- think of the components on the consumer side, it was up in strong-double digit for them, so that's definitely a strong number. Clearly, as we talked about the China industrial side of things, it was weaker. So I'd have to see how that adds up in total for you.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, I mean, our understanding, Eric, is that there is sensitivity to price in the basmati rice market. I know there's companies out there talking about their growth. Some of that is distribution-driven. Kohinoor already has a very strong distribution network at 400,000 points, where I believe some of the other conversations you may be hearing are being driven by distribution. So there is some expectation at the type of pricing that you'll see some basmati rice softness, and that does not, in any way, color our view on the opportunity that India presents, because we continue to use that brand name and that distribution system to launch new products. And that was part of the original acquisition plan, and that's continuing to be what we execute against.
Gordon M. Stetz: The CCI cost savings, they occurred fairly evenly throughout the year. So if you take $45 million and assume about 1/4 of that, that's a good estimate as to what occurred in the quarter. The partial recovery, we're still in discussions, so it's a bit of a sensitive timing issue as we would talk to all the various parties. I would say it was not material in terms of how much we had. It was not material to the quarter.
