Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and 2020 expectations in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on slide 30. Our second quarter played out during an extraordinary period, and our results speak to the value of our product and to our capabilities as a company. Our ability to execute during the volatility of the quarter highlights our agility, strong foundation and engagement of our people. We will emerge a stronger company by focusing on our long-term strategies, responding to the changing consumer behavior and capitalizing on global and growing consumer trends, which are further accelerated during the crisis. We're confident in our ability to perform in this dynamic environment and continue on our growth trajectory. Our commitment to our long-term financial objectives has not changed. We're sustainably positioned for growth and will continue to deliver differentiated results. Now, let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: I do see exactly what you're getting at, Andrew. And by the way, for you and for all of the participants on the call, we're sitting here with face masks on. And so, if we're a little bit muffled and hard to understand, please let us know and we'll try to speak up. The mix of customers within that sector is one of the factors. And there is a tremendous variability between our different customers, some of whom are still up solid double-digits and others who are down. For each one of them, there's a story that goes along with that. For some, they are also impacted by sales to food service and convenience store channel that have been depressed and are not up to current performance. Some of them are beverage manufacturers who will also have sales cut across both the at home and away from home channel. And many say, if not all, have curtailed some of their innovation and focus on a core group of items in order to meet the demand from the retail side of the business, which has also, in some cases, contributed to an impact on us. We did see an initial big surge from those customers during the during the stock up period and as they adjusted their supply chains, but we've seen that steadily settle as we've gone through the quarter. So, we do expect that to gradually return to a more normal rate. Also, I'll add, Andrew, that one of the things that's different about McCormick versus the rest of the industry is that, for most of our products, herbs, spices, seasonings, condiments like mustard and Frank's RedHot, it doesn't matter whether the consumer cooked the product at home or if they purchased it at a restaurant through takeaway. And part of the new normal for food service broadly is going to be a greater proportion of it being for a drive-thru takeaway away from premise consumption. And Frank's doesn't care if your bought it at home or if you cooked it at home.
Lawrence Kurzius: The trial we've gotten on the new products we've launched has really been one of the long-term benefits that we've gotten from the crisis.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi, Ken. I'll take the first part of that on the promotional activity, and I will gladly let Mike go over the tax question. I want to make sure that we're really clear on this point. We're definitely leaning into our brands through this crisis. Our brand building activity through our engagement with consumers, our advertising through traditional channels or through social and digital marketing has not only not been curtailed, but we've ramped those up. Consumers are very interested in cooking right now and we want to take advantage of that interest, get as much trial on our brands as possible, and it's part of us coming out of this as a stronger company. The promotional matters are a little bit different. Now, with a huge surge in demand, we've had to try to manage that demand. And so, curtailing our promotions and, in some cases, canceling promotions has been part of managing through that huge surge in demand. We have, in our US business, had a sustained surge in – growth in demand. I don't really want to call it a surge because it's not pantry loading. It's consumption. Over 50% across the quarter. And there just wasn't that much slack in our supply chain. So, we did, working with our customers, curtail promotions. And in some cases, they are genuinely canceled. We cannot go back and repeat the Memorial Day grilling promotions. That we can't. Those aren't going to happen. We are in a stronger, I'd say, supply position today, and we are reinstating our promotional activities. I would say, through May, we largely suspended trade promotion activity.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Ken. Just one more point on the promotion. So, the lift that we're seeing in Nielsen and IRI and the share gains are coming in spite of curtailment of promotion. I just want to put that point out there.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to say that, first of all, this reduction in inventory is not a plan by the retailer. The supply chain has been challenged to keep up with the surge in demand. It's been a challenge for us primarily on manufacturing capacity in the Americas. And it's been a challenging time for the retailers because of the surge in demand and their ability to actually receive product. And for a good part of this quarter, they were prioritizing things like paper products and sanitation products, which are pretty bulky, all of their time and ability to receive. It hasn't always allowed us to replenish inventory. But we're estimating at least there's a one week delay between the purchase and the restock signal. So, it's certainly at least a week that's been taken out of trade inventories. And retailers, definitely, are wanting to get in better supply. You can see it in the scan data. The points of distribution are down. That's reflecting in out of stock situations. We want to get that replenished and we're working towards that. Our ability to service this demand was really good in the initial weeks. But as it continued at a sustained rate, it really dipped as we went through May. And we took a lot of steps to initially expand just our logistics capabilities and capacity to meet the surge in demand and then shifted – and as we debottleneck that, our manufacturing capacity became a pressure point. So, we've taken steps to add workforce. We have optimized the schedules. And really by the fourth quarter, we'll either be 24/7 or 24/5 in all of our facilities, not just in the US, but around the world. We've made some short-term capital investments of our blending capacity. And we've brought on, frankly, some more comanufacturer as strategic partners in order to meet the surge in demand. So, we're really past the low point in our ability to service the customers which we hit right around the end of the quarter and our service has been improving week by week since then. And we think we're going to be in good position to meet the demand. And this inventory will be restored to the system, which they'll be a driver of some volume growth in the rest of the year, but the real key is just what happens with consumer demand and how strong is that strong preference for cooking at home continues for the rest of the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah, that conversation is ongoing right now because, of course, retailers are concerned about supply for the holiday season. Right now, we believe that we're going to be in a good position to meet the fourth quarter demand that is very strong. And that's what we're guiding our retailers to.
Lawrence Kurzius: Two very different questions. And the last question has a number of different facets to it. So, I'm going to try to tackle both of those. First of all, many of our products are single use. A big part of the surge in demand that we're seeing is from our dry recipe mixes, for example, which would be a single use product or wet marinades or single use. And just the sheer level of increase in cooking says that consumers are going through their spice supply. We've had a very high level of repeat purchase even during the second quarter. So, consumers – we're getting certainly new trial, but we've had an 11% increase in repeat buyer rate at the same time that we've had a 16% increase in household penetration. And if you know how that works, usually when your penetration goes up, your repeat rate goes down for a period of time because they're bringing in lighter users. There's a high level of usage. And we don't see any evidence at all that consumers have built inventory in their pantries. It's just not a stock up category. We're a usage category. People are worried that they're going to run out of cinnamon, and so they buy three bottles, the way they might buy three packs of toilet paper. And so, we believe that consumers are buying for their immediate use and consumption. And we do not believe that there's going to be any kind of consumer need to destock. And I'll go even further out on that. But our own survey data because we're doing weekly tracker with consumers shows that most consumers only have a week or two of food on hand. And so, they're not stocked up on [Technical Difficulty] food. And the question of food deserts and healthful eating and social justice, I want to – I could make a speech on this and I actually have quite a few times. I'll try not to make too big a speech out of it. But first of all, our portfolio is generally advantaged in terms of health and wellness. Most of the products that we sell are inherently good for you. Herbs and spices, for example. And are either low or no in things like salt, sugar and fat. And they're available at a full range of price points and we sell in all channels. So, we're really widely accessible to people and whatever their income level or wherever they're, located. And even where they can't get to a store, our e-commerce and digital efforts allow access to delivery directly to their home. And the fact in economically hard times also, we tend to outperform just shows that our products are valued. As we've gone through this crisis, we've always supported food banks. As we've gone through this crisis, we've supported food banks in about 20 countries, and we introduced restaurant relief funds in cities like Baltimore and New Orleans, where we have significant operations ourselves and where those industries are meaningful employers and [Technical Difficulty] suffering. And our total support of food-related charities during this crisis has been about $2 million. We've made a billion dollar pledge early on, but we've potentially exceeded that pledge. Now, Alexia, there's a much broader issue of social justice, systemic racism. And McCormick I believe is one of the good guys on this issue. One of our foundational principles as a company is to empower people. And we're founded on the principle of respect for the individual and have longstanding programs to make sure that underrepresented groups have full opportunities for professional fulfillment within the company. And I think we set first internally an example with women and minorities and LGBTQ employees and other underrepresented groups to make sure that they are represented in McCormick leadership, all the way up to our very diverse Board of Directors, which includes four women, two blacks, one North African and a Latina. And we've been well recognized externally for this. We're one of the Diversity Inc.'s top 50 in terms of employment opportunities for minority and women and other underrepresented groups. The second thing is that we've spoken out publicly and have really taken some public stance that have generated some not always favorable response back to me personally. But we've taken public stance, both internal and external messages from the company and from me personally against racism, discrimination, injustice and explicitly in support of Black Lives Matter. So, we have spoken out on this issue. And beyond speaking, it's important to have action. We have strong development programs for women, especially in the US minorities, and we've committed incremental funding to combat racial injustice, provide food and healthcare – back to your original question – and other essential services to the black community. I hope that's a fulsome answer. And I'd be happy to follow up with you.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. I'll be glad to say, first of all, I don't want to create a misperception. And so, I'm really glad you asked that question. I think that global sourcing has actually been one of the bright spots for us and has been a real differentiator that has enabled us to win through this situation. We have very thoroughly insight into – that sourcing might be a pressure point because of our operations in Wuhan, so we saw this crisis coming right at the beginning. And we began developing contingency plans and alternative sourcing all the way back in January. And I think we spoke about this on our year-end call and in some subsequent media the first week of February. So, this has been a real win for us. Any supply chain in any industry would have been challenged going through this, and so there have been a rolling series of challenges. But I will say that our ability to source raw materials and packaging has not had a material impact on our service, and we think that we're very much advantaged in this area.
Lawrence Kurzius: Scale is an advantage in this. We're really the only – I would say only company with the scale to be able to have the resources on the ground in the actual sourcing areas for some of these raw materials, especially the most important ones. And that has proven invaluable and we've been able to work locally with local suppliers in emerging markets where many of our raw materials come from, work with local suppliers, local logistics and local authorities to keep our raw materials flowing.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. Well, on the supply chain side, I'll take that part first, we did not anticipate that we would have this much growth in demand this year. So, the things that we're doing in our US – particularly in our US manufacturing to create additional capacity are all new things that we're doing in response to an incredible situation. We do have a long-term capital plan. We do actually have spoken externally…
Lawrence Kurzius: Exactly. And for the past three years, our real focus, I think from a capital standpoint, has been building our capacity and capabilities in Asia and other emerging markets. Beginning this year, we were pivoting back to Western Europe and the US specifically. And so, we do have a number of big projects underway and this will only accelerate our thinking in that space. As far as the demand creation goes, right now, we really believe that consumers are going to continue to cook at home more for an extended period of time, which is going to be constructive to our growth. And further, the new normal for restaurants is going to involve more takeout consumption at home, as I mentioned in the earlier question. And that's also going to be constructive for our consumer brands of herbs, spices, seasonings, and condiments. The gains that we're getting in share of household penetration, which, by the way, translates to millions of new households, and the increased repeat rate that we're seeing all say that consumers are trying our brands and like them enough to buy them again, and they're clearly having good experiences that for many of them are going to be the new habit. Everybody's been cooking at home more and found it to be easy, fun and economical.
Lawrence Kurzius: I also want to emphasize that we're not giving guidance because there's so much uncertainty and I don't want to run away with saying too much about gross margin here because that's getting us into an area of maybe providing more guidance than we are prepared to. But, certainly, the mix between the segments, to the extent that there's more consumption at home and less away from home, it's going to be a benefit to our margin. And correspondingly, that will have leverage – or deleverage based on those volume trends.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, no. I'm not pulling you back. I think we pointed to that. And actually, I thought we tried to get that clear in the remarks, but maybe not have. Our remarks were extraordinarily long and I apologize for that. The restaurant – the quick service restaurants in Europe did completely close down at the end of March. I'm not speaking out of school or there are customers, and so I don't want to get into guiding for their business. But all of their CEOs have been out publicly saying that they will close. So, that's out there. But they also all reopened in June, heavily towards drive-thru and pickup, but they have pretty much all reopened in the month of June. So, I would expect to see that better in the – our third quarter. And I'll say the challenge – I'll just mention, where we talk about supply chain, this was one of the challenges that we've had and where we've had to really be nimble and responsive because they shut down with a few days' notice to us, completely idling our facilities, and then they literally started back up with about a week's notice to us. So, we had to get cranked up and we've worked our way through it with them.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions and for participating in today's call, and I realize that it did go a bit long and I thank you for your patience. McCormick is a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated by the broad and advantaged portfolio which continues to drive growth. It's a growing and profitable business with a balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in the volatile environment which we currently operate to deliver flavor to all markets and channels, while responding readily to changes in industry and the world with new ideas, innovation and purpose. One of the most significant risks to any company is being unprepared to respond with agility to a significant unexpected disruption. We're all experiencing that disruption now and McCormick is well prepared to not only manage through it, but to emerge from it stronger. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we're confident our strategies will enable us to become even better positioned to drive future growth and build long-term value for our shareholders.
Michael Smith: From a tax perspective, Ken, just to take you back, our underlying tax rate globally is about 24% to 25%. And it really goes up and down based on geographic mix. So, we do give you when we have visibility to discrete items, such as some of these legal restructurings we do, as we talked about earlier in January, even though it's underlying 24% to 25%, we said for the year to be around 22% because of some of the things we're doing. As a global company, through a lot of our global entities, we've been built through acquisitions. And as you make acquisitions globally, there's tax strategies that happen later on to take advantage of losses/gains around the world. So, we have a great tax team that works on these things. And you could probably teach a college class on this stuff, but it's very complicated. But it's really taking advantage of some of the global infrastructure we have. And we give you insight when we know those things can happen.
Michael Smith: The good news, Rob, is our holiday items tend to be longer runs and more efficient for us to produce. It's a different set than being produced now. So, that gets us some opportunity there.
Michael Smith: As we've talked in the past, we source over 14,000 raw materials and packaging items globally. And as Lawrence said, we really have not had any significant shortages in sales due to that.
Michael Smith: When you see headlines like when the COVID hit in India they're shutting down the country, our global supply chains is able to work with those people to get our product out. So, they've done a great job.
Michael Smith: Hey, Chris. On the COVID costs, we estimate we're going to spend in the $30 million range from a cost of goods sold perspective for the year. It really splits between the second and third quarter. We don't see a lot in the fourth quarter. All that's pretty uncertain now, depending on how long COVID lasts. But I would just think the second and third quarter would be the biggest expense for things like essential pay we've had for our essential workers in the plants and DCs, paid leave, all the PPE we've had to buy, some small inventory write-offs. But think about a second, third quarter impact.
Michael Smith: Peter, you've read the book by Charles Dickens The Tale of Two Cities. This is really the tale of two segments. From a consumer perspective, obviously, with this huge volume increases, we've got a lot of great fixed leverage. On the other side, flavor solutions, we did not. For the company, it was really not that positive overall. What you're seeing at the gross margin line, a good – over half of that increase is due to the segment mix as consumer has higher margins than flavor solutions at the gross margin line and the operating margin line. It all depends on – over the next six months – what happens with that consumer demand and flavor solutions demand, but it was not a significant impact overall for the company from a fixed leverage perspective, especially as we've had some of this additional manufacturing related COVID cost in Q2.
Michael Smith: I'll answer this and Lawrence can add to it. Generally, we build margins throughout the year, and I'll speak about consumer now. The fourth quarter is generally our highest margin business due to this holiday items. Second quarter was pretty extraordinary. There was a lot of leverage coming through the consumer due to the huge increases, mid double-digit, meaning 50% in some cases, of increases. I'd be a little careful, though, because things like – if you look at A&P for example, A&P for the company was up 1%, a couple more percent for consumer. Now, that being said, we're going to heavy up more in the second half to get to that mid-single digit guidance we've given. However, even though we didn't spend a huge percentage, you think like working media are up double digit globally if some of our CCI savings are coming through in A&P. So, we're actually really leaning into A&P. But you'll see that A&P line increase in the second six. So that will take 600 basis points down by some number. We had really good product mix in the quarter as well as segment mix. Within the consumer side, good product mix too. I'd just be a little careful about trying to take the second quarter and expand it out to the year.
Peter Galbo: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just one for me. Mike, in the press release this morning, there was quite a bit of discussion around just fixed cost leverage and deleverage associated with the higher and lower volumes in the two kind of parent segments. I guess, just is there any way to dimension for us how much of the margin improvement or the deleverage was due to that fixed cost leverage as we think about it going forward? The volumes will obviously still be up in consumer, but maybe not as much. And that could help us from a modeling perspective on the margins.
Peter Galbo: Okay. I'll try to make it a good one. I do want to follow-up on the margins. I want to say that the biggest variants that I think that happened in my model versus your actuals and consensus for that matter was the differential on margins, Mike. So, I want to go back over it. Sales up 8%, operating income up 21%. Specifically, in that consumer segment, margins up 600 basis points, maybe a little more than that, and volume up 25%. I really like this volume leverage point that was just brought up a second ago. And I know you blended it with the whole company. But if we just stay focused on the consumer segment for a moment, is it fair that the consumer segment was benefited by substantial volume leverage? I know the volume leverage probably works the other way in the other segment, but I'd just like to talk about consumer for a moment. Would it be fair to say that that's the number one point driving the consumer margin improvement? And then, honestly, the real point of all of this is to try to understand how to project forward. Your quarters have a lot of seasonality in terms of margins. If you were to get the same 25 point pop to volumes in Q3, in consumer that you got in Q2, could we just add 600 basis points to the consumer margin? Or is there some funny seasonal effects that would reduce those types of leverage? I just get worried about the seasonal pattern on your margins and how we might think about these factors given such tremendous impacts in the current quarter. Sorry for the long question.
Peter Galbo: Okay, the other one, just because this is – I think it's reasonably important and hard to model, in your EMEA business, you've talked about the impact of QSRs and that, in Europe, it was just all but shut down in this past quarter. Where does it stand today? And do we – is it reasonable to think that those quick service restaurants are going to be doing plenty of drive-thru and take-outs, and so that business sees – your business sees a substantial improvement because you're just not in total lockdown like you were in this past quarter. So, I feel like there's a big variance coming right there. But pull me back if that's…
Peter Galbo: Really appreciate the comments. And great job on the quarter, by the way. No one said it, but the results are stellar. Thank you.
