Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I would like to recap the key takeaways, as seen on Slide 29. We delivered another year of record results in 2018. Despite trade inventory reductions, we achieved strong organic sales growth for the year. We significantly grew adjusted operating income while also increasing brand marketing and achieved Frank's and French's results in line with our plans. We ended 2018 with the strongest consumption trend in years in our consumer business and solid growth in every region for flavor solutions. Our 2019 constant-currency outlook reflects strong operating performance, driven by our solid foundation and continued momentum. Our earnings per share growth was robust despite a significant tax headwind, and we're confident that 2019 will be another successful year and we will create additional value. And importantly, we're continuing to deliver differentiated results while significantly investing for growth to build the McCormick of the future. And we'll share more about these investments at CAGNY in a few weeks. Now let's turn to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, Rob. I'm going to take this to start. And Mike, join me if I miss anything here on this. But this was an extraordinary situation. It's not the normal pattern that we've experienced. Normally, we see a drawdown in Q1, our Q1 that coincides with a lot of our customers' end of year, and then relative flatness for the rest of the year. This impact that happened in fourth quarter was really extraordinary and does not reflect a build of inventory previously. This is -- it's quite discrete with a small set of customers or one very large customer that had the biggest impact. It was devastating to their stores, their -- to the inventory. This was not an intentional move on their part. And as a result, their stores had tremendous out-of-stocks through the holiday season. And so it just -- it's hard to imagine that retailer taking inventory down further than they did because they literally ran themselves out of product. In terms of our looking forward, we always include, in our plans and in our sales guidance, a level of inventory of drawdown -- I shouldn't say always, but we have for the last several years. And we've included in the guidance for sales for next year further reduction in inventory across the trade, not necessarily at those customers specifically. But this timing that happened, with this -- both the size and the timing of it and of course -- and the products involved, we're surprised this happened to us at the most sensitive time of year for us, right, as we are coming to not only the peak consumption period but also the cutoff on our fiscal year. We don't get a do-over on Thanksgiving, and so this had -- really did have a big impact for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: Adam, I'm glad you asked that question because in answering a couple of the earlier questions about inventory reduction, we didn't talk about the other side of the -- of what was happening, which is that our consumption has been incredibly strong. We came out of the year with the strongest consumption performance for a fourth quarter in the last 5 years. It's one of the strongest quarters for a period of time, and that's part of what gives us optimism around 2019. The Frank's and French's items were no exception to that. So our consumer offtake as measured through scanner data on Frank's was up 9% in the quarter. Our offtake on mustard was almost flat. And if you recall, our goal that we announced when we bought this business was that we were going to drive growth on Frank's and we were going to stabilize the French's mustard, and I think we're making great progress on that. And so I think that, that consumption trajectory on both the acquired brands and also on our core business gives us confidence in the sales numbers for 2019. Mike, you wanted to comment on the inventory...
Lawrence Kurzius: As we get more detail, David -- I'll commit to giving you more detail. But as I said before, we're pretty early days on this, but we have made some investments in the fourth quarter to help jump start that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I would say -- if I could just pick this up. So as you know, this -- it sounds like you understand exactly what's involved with these projects. So there is a long period of scoping, of code writing, of building before you get your first go-live on anything. So we're in that upfront stage of it right now. Our first go-live is not until 2020. But this year is the year when we do all of the work getting ready. And I'll just add to it that we're due for it. We did our first SAP go-live in 2002. We still are -- have done some go-lives on SAP. Even this year, it's been a long and drawn out process. What was the new system has now become the legacy system. SAP, as you know, goes out of maintenance. It becomes obsolete in 2023. We want to be ahead of the curve on getting -- migrating to the next generation of ERP and not be doing it at the last minute. So everybody's going to have to make this -- anybody that's on SAP is going to have to make this transition over the next several years, and we're getting started on it. We did incur some expense but we got -- in the fourth quarter and will throughout 2019. But we really won't -- we won't get to our first actual go-live until 2020. I'll add that it is our plan to move quickly. It's taken almost 20 years to roll out SAP across our whole company. We're not going to take 20 years to do the refresh, which will still be an SAP product, the SAP HANA.
Lawrence Kurzius: I understand. This is a great long-term question, and I appreciate the opportunity to talk about something besides the inventory reduction in the fourth quarter. This is, in fact, our strategy that you just described for our flavor solutions segment. We are migrating the portfolio to more of the flavor and seasoning end. We certainly still see value in some of the customer foodservice products and condiments that we do, but away from that more commodity ingredient end of the spectrum. And we see a long runway of opportunity for enhancing our margin from this migration of our portfolio to value-added products. You see from the public company competitors who are more pure play on flavor, their margins are significantly higher to us -- than us. We aspire to move more in that direction. And I'm not sure how high up is, but it's a long way from where we are now. And there are parts in the other slices of the pie, too. For example, in condiments, there's low-margin condiments and higher margin. So obviously, we would optimize this as we go.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. Other than the cost of new distribution, we don't see any extraordinary pressure on promotion expenses. I think it's revenue management that's been net positive for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I'll say there may be -- as we look ahead to some events that might happen in this volatile environment such as Brexit, we may -- depending on how they are unfolding, we may have to incur some expense to prepare us for managing our risks through a Brexit, for example.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, Rob, exactly. I think we'll cover this more thoroughly at CAGNY. We'll look at our -- and we'll talk more about our 2019 plans and beyond at CAGNY. But we're really pleased with the performance of RB Foods. I don't want to let this go without saying that. And you mentioned a peak around August. Actually, our consumption on these products increased sequentially quarter by quarter throughout the entire year. The fourth quarter consumption was the strongest that we've had, but there was some impact from that inventory issue on the French's and Frank's brands. So I'm not -- I actually don't have it at my fingertips, what the shipment was, but the consumer offtake was the strongest that we've had. And we think we've got great momentum going forward into 2019 on those brands, which we are now not really -- we're not breaking them out because we're treating them just like any of our other major brands in terms of our reporting. But when I say major brands, these are the second and third largest brands in our portfolio after McCormick so they certainly get a lot of attention. Mike, did you want to...
Lawrence Kurzius: So I'm going to start, and then I'm going to pass it over to Mike. The strong consumption includes unmeasured channels, but we're specifically pointing to the measured channels so that everybody can see it. So if you looked at the IRI data in aggregate over the last -- going back 5 years, you'd see that, through measured channels, this was the strongest fourth quarter in the last 5 years. And then on top of that, we had good performance in our unmeasured channels as well that contributed to the growth. I think I tried to cover that in my prepared remarks, but I want to really underscore that you can see it in the measured data when you look at -- for us, IRI. The impact...
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm not sure that the growth rate was higher, but it was definitely a contributor to the positive growth.
Lawrence Kurzius: And at a higher rate than the scanned sales. So I just want to put that out there. Now the margin impact from the -- again, I can't underestimate the -- and Mike will talk about this a little bit. This happened at the worst possible time for us. And the items that we have at the holiday time are very seasonal in nature. They are among our highest-margin part of the portfolio. If you follow -- Jon, you followed us for a long time. You see the difference in our margin structure quarter by quarter. That's driven by that sort of holiday items. And when we don't have that, that's a big impact on the bottom line.
Lawrence Kurzius: Akshay, that's exactly right because, in the long run, sales are going to follow the consumer. And that's why we spent so much time in our remarks today on the consumption trends. And while the trade inventory reduction happened at the worst time for us and we're very disappointed on the impact that it had on the end of the year, our consumer consumption is strong and our international business is strong and our flavor solutions business continues to power on. We believe this is a short-term challenge, and a long-term upward trend fueled by the alignment with really long-term consumer trends is a sound strategy. And I'll add a talented and engaged workforce, and that gives us a lot of confidence in our 2019.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor. We're differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We're responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a keen focus on growth performance and people we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I'm pleased with our strong results to start the year, and I'm confident in our continuing momentum for growth. I look forward to reporting to you on the shareholder value we'll continue to create.
Michael Smith: Rob, this is Mike. I'll start this one. Let's talk about fourth quarter first because you talked about -- we talked about product mix in the fourth quarter. A significant portion of that is really related to the trade inventory issues. These are our highest margin holiday items, so that was a significant hit to our fourth quarter operating profit. We also did take the opportunity in the fourth quarter -- we -- just like we did in the third quarter, we had some benefits from stock options, which is below the operating profit line. So some of those savings, we invested those in brand marketing, up 7%. We took the opportunity to start investing in our IT refreshment program. So if you look at 2019, though, you're going from the 3% to 5% down to 9% to 11%. We've talked about keeping brand marketing flat. We took the opportunity, as I said, in the fourth quarter to really invest and drive back consumption in the fourth quarter, got it to a level we feel comfortable expanding in 2019. While we're going to get more effective and we're going to have more working media in 2019, that's going to give us about 100 basis points right there, keeping that flat. We're also -- we're getting more synergies from the Frank's and French's, the second year of that. So we're going to ramp from last year additional Frank's and French's synergies. Our CCI focus really is -- we look at both cost of goods sold and SG&A. We're really leaning in there also. And some of the things that happened in the fourth quarter, we talked about the move into the new building, we're not going to have those costs next year. So it's a variety of things that aren't going to happen in 2019 that we feel very strongly about giving this guidance.
Michael Smith: Yes. I'd say, too, within the flavor solutions business, a couple of things had happened in the quarter. We had -- and I mentioned this on the call. We had a bit of transactional effect, some unfavorability, which impacted not -- the whole company, too, from an operating profit perspective, but hit -- because of our footprint with some of the currencies but also unfavorable product mix. In some of -- as Lawrence said, flavor solutions can be lumpy. In some of our regions, the growth was more on core products versus LTOs. LTOs generally have higher margins. So you'll have these sometimes when our customer is advertising. Something we've done for a long time is a base product that has a lower margin that might have a little bit of product mix negative. So we saw some of that this quarter, too.
Michael Smith: David, this is Mike. I'll take this one. We generally -- we don't -- sorry, Ken. I was saying David. Yes, we have been favorable on our tax, but a big part of that is we don't forecast discrete tax items. But if you think about this -- I'll talk about this year first before I talk about next year. I mean, before the tax act, we might have an underlying rate of 28% to 29%. And we said guidance at the beginning of this year after the tax act was about 24%, and we came in slightly below 20%, so about a 400 basis point favorability. 300 basis points of that was the stock option exercises, which, one, we don't forecast for and we don't know when it's going to happen. So there's another 100 basis points of other stuff, tax settlements, things like that, but we really don't forecast discrete tax items. For '19, underlying tax rate is about 24%, similar to this year. As we've kind of gone through an exhaustive process recently going through the regs that were just released by the Department of Treasury, we did some tax planning. That's why we said, look, this is a significant discrete tax item that's hitting early in the year. We're calling 22%. There could be some stock option exercises. There could be some other discrete tax items, but we want to give you at least a benchmark of what we see is there. And hopefully, it is favorable, but we believe there's some judgment there.
Michael Smith: Well, we've seen -- we know '18 was a significant increase from '17. And we've had a lot of activities in North America primarily through our CCI program to mitigate the costs as we see going into 2019. But we do -- we still do see inflation there, which we've built in.
Michael Smith: Well, yes. Let me talk, too, about -- in the fourth quarter, some of that advertising investment was driving Frank's. We talked about how it was the first time we've advertised in Frank's in 7 years. We have new advertising which just dropped this week that's going to support the first quarter, a lot of new products coming in the first quarter. Frank's and French's was impacted, as Lawrence said, by the trade inventory reductions, though. And -- but we expect a strong first quarter from both brands because of the consumption we're seeing.
Michael Smith: Well, Dave, as you know, this is like a 2 to 3 year process. We're kind of in the early days here. So anything -- I wouldn't -- our guidance considers any expense that we're going to occur on ERP. A lot of it is capital. And we've talked about in the call we're going to have an increase in capital versus this year. Our capital this year, we had a target of $200 million. Due to a lot of timing issues, it came down to about almost $170 million. We don't see it -- we see some incremental capital investment next year, but I wouldn't ascribe a large impact. I mean, our guidance is our guidance, and it incorporates all those impacts.
Michael Smith: Chris, this is Mike. I'll take that. I mean, if you look at the split by region -- and I'll focus on consumer. I mean, pricing for total consumer is only up 0.2%. But in the Americas, it was up 0.6%, and that was covering the cost of inflation, some of the pricing we took early in the year on recipe mixes; Asia Pacific, 1.5%. EMEA, where we had really strong overall sales performance from kind of the relaunch of our first choice spice line, we had obviously some trade promotional slotting fees, things like that, which is negative price. So EMEA was negative 2.2%. So that's what drove the whole consumer down. So that -- and that was a significant restage for that region. So we don't see -- we see in '19 our pricing actions ramp from last year, and anything we need to do to cover for low single-digit cost inflation, we see those covering all of it.
Michael Smith: Generally, Chris, they were in the second half. We think our -- we moved most of the people July, August, September time frame and had the grand opening actually in October. So a lot of the expenses were second half.
Michael Smith: Net to two, yes. The $4 million spend hurt operating expense. There is a geography difference there, obviously. The gain was below the operating profit line. All the expenses were above.
Michael Smith: I think we got the concept, Rob. This is Mike. I'll start this with we do not provide guidance by quarter, as we always say. However, we talked about 2% FX unfavorable during the year. That's really first half loaded, so there's going to be some negative FX there. First quarter is our smallest issue. As Lawrence said...
Michael Smith: The smallest quarter, right. No, our first quarter is our smallest quarter of the year. We are still working through some of the replenishment issue. But we also talked about how there's first quarter discrete tax items, so that's going to help our tax line. We'll make some investments. As we talked about before, it's really like an IT and other things early in the year. Being the smallest quarter of the year, there may be more impact on that. But again, for the full year, the 100 basis points increase in operating profit, we're comfortable with that.
Michael Smith: Yes, that's basically why. I mean, these are high-margin items. Even Frank's and French's, some of the trade inventory hit them. That's high-margin item, as we talked about, too. Things like the recipe mixes, core herbs and spices, those are -- if you look at quarter by quarter, as Lawrence said, fourth quarter is always our highest quarter, and actually, late in the quarter is usually higher.
Michael Smith: Akshay, this is Mike. And for the year, we gave guidance of 12% to 14%. And we came in basically at the bottom of that, 11.9%. The implied guidance for the fourth quarter was 0.9% to 7.4%, a pretty big range because we don't take the year guidance down to a 1% spread. We came in at 0.6% reported. So we were right at the bottom. The trade inventory programs were 1.5% impact or so. You think about $20 million to $25 million of net sales. That would have put us up in that 0.9% to 7.4%. So I think we're comfortable with the guidance we were giving for the fourth quarter implicit in our full year guidance. So a little bit at the low end of the range, but we would have been well within the Q4 implied guidance.
David Driscoll: I've got two questions for you. You talked about the ERP system. We're sensitive to changes in ERPs. Can you just walk us through kind of the risk points on when we need to be focused on, on the big modules and kind of when they come into play? And I think you called it out in the fourth quarter, a part of it. I don't know what's already taken place versus what has to take place on the ERP system change.
David Driscoll: Yes. It wasn't really a question on the capital spending. It was a question on ERP systems and the disruption that they sometimes cause when the execution doesn't go well. There's always certain modules within these ERP systems that are far more sensitive than other modules. And I was just looking for a piece of information related to when the significant modules go into play.
David Driscoll: I like the 20-year comment. My second question relates to your flavor solutions. It's a follow-up to one of the earlier questions, but I want to think a little bit longer term. Flavor solutions margins went from about 7.5% 5, 7 years ago to over 14%, a massive increase. When I look at just the pie breakdown, your ingredients proportion of the flavor solutions is kind of small now, so I think that was the low-margin stuff that you've slowly but surely been exiting and then adding other high-margin pieces like flavors. Lawrence, what I don't get a sense on, but I get this question a lot from investors, is how much more is there to go. Can you double the size of the flavors portion of flavor solutions? And is that high enough margin to keep pushing the segment margin significantly higher over some course of time? This isn't a next-year question.
