Alan Wilson: Yes, sure. What we're doing, as Gordon pointed out, is a little bit of a shift from second quarter last year to third quarter where we're up spending more against some of our -- the newer products that are hitting. So we're going to have an incremental spend. The second thing that we're doing is our promotional spending is going to be fairly similar. But we're going to emphasize the value of our business to consumers as they're under pressure. So it's more of a message as opposed to just increasing the promotional spend.
Alan Wilson: It's been a little different in our categories mainly because we took our pricing earlier and have really strong justification. I would say similar to what you've heard from other companies, both in brands and private label, you have to really be pretty descriptive on what's happening with cost in order to get pricing approved these days. But we had very good justifications we went in. Now I will say in terms of private label pricing on the shelf, we still have not seen in every segment private label passing through the increased cost at this point.
Alan Wilson: Yes. As you saw in our comments, we're upping our CCI because our teams have been very, very good at delivering that, but that's really going to offset greater increases than anticipated. We haven't put out a specific number, but I can say that, that 7% to 8% is going to be higher. And to give a broad range, I'd say it's approaching more high-single digits. And we're offsetting that through the CCI activities that we described earlier.
Alan Wilson: Yes, sure. On -- this is Alan. We are -- our protocols are working for the market basket of commodities like soybean oil and flour and those sorts of things. Where we have a little more negotiation and aren't necessarily part of the protocols is kind of all other stuff like packaging and minor ingredients, which we are also seeing increase. So those, we're chasing a little bit more -- there's more of a delay in those as opposed to the raw commodities where we collaborate. But I would say we're pleased that we have the ability to work with our customers on passing those through.
Alan Wilson: Well, certainly, as we saw some of the unrest in the Middle East, we buy a lot of herbs out of places like Egypt. We increased our inventory to make -- to assure supply. And so there is some of that. The other thing that as we see commodities rising from time-to-time, we're taking longer positions of spices to try to offset as much as we can. What we see are higher prices. And that's just a pattern of what we do. So we're pretty balanced. I think what you're seeing in the inventory levels is a combination of higher costs, some strategic positions to help offset future costs and then some inventory for -- to make sure we have supply assurance in the case of some unrest.
Alan Wilson: I would expect to see a more steady trajectory, although that is one of the things that we're subject to what our customers are driving. And what we saw in the first quarter is customers were driving more core menu items and focus there. But as they've headed into an innovation cycle, which we expect to continue, we see the benefit of that. A lot of our growth is built on those product innovations in -- especially in China.
Alan Wilson: Yes, it is around core herbs and spices, and it's predominantly in the U.S., the U.K. and a little bit in Canada. But most of our products aren't duplicated in private label. It's about -- and it's pretty focused on the top 10 or 15 items in core herbs and spices. But what we have seen so far this year, our retailers holding the line on pricing, largely in private label, even though the cost have gone up. Now we expect over time, as we've seen in the past, those 2 eventually flow their way through. But I would say the most aggressive market for private label, and has been for a long time is the U.K. The U.S. continues to be a good market for private label, but we've held our own in share with our brands. But it is just a few items that are duplicated in the stores.
Alan Wilson: It's predominantly around the agricultural commodities. And the biggest impact for us is pepper, both black, white and red. And so we're continuing to manage that. We're seeing some relief in garlic later in the year as the new crop comes on. But pepper is more than offsetting that. We're still seeing, and I think we will for awhile, we're still seeing some of the more published commodities, which you do have transparency on in flour, in soybean oil, stay pretty high. So those are all kind of flowing their way through. I would say packaging is still -- we're seeing inflation in packaging as well.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we're not seeing -- we are seeing consumers continue to eat at home and we're seeing some softness in the food service sector, which is impacting our Industrial business a little bit. We're seeing a little bit of a different pattern than we saw in 2008 and 2009, where we saw a significant growth in dry seasoning mixes during then. And what we're seeing now is more flat dry seasoning mixes. So there may be a little bit of that change. Certainly, everything we're hearing from customers that consumers are buying closer to when they need the products, they're spending less on their trips because they're trying to manage through that and buying a lot closer to paydays.
Alan Wilson: Absolutely. We go into -- into these with the idea that we've got great products in all of our markets and that we want to bring those products to new consumers wherever they are. And that's really what we've done with all of our acquisitions. We'll do things like we did with Ducros, with Grinders, and bring those around the world. We're doing the same thing with Slow Cookers. So we see great opportunities with these new countries and new channels of distribution to bring innovative new products to them.
Alan Wilson: To answer the first question, it's kind of hard to specifically quantify the impact of the new distribution. But as they come on, there is certainly a gift that keeps on giving because we'll keep lapping the impact of the new distribution and our objective is to keep growing the business as we get new distribution. So we think that will -- but we've taken that into account with our sales guidance. In terms of the course correction, I would say it's more we're adapting our programs to the environment and specifically in the U.K. where we're not getting the volume growth that we would like to see. Well, I agree, we've had a good first half to the year. But I would say it's more tweaking and changing our mix than necessarily a big course correction in the middle of the year.
Alan Wilson: In the U.S., we're continuing our programs. But we're going to keep emphasizing the value of our products on meals.
Alan Wilson: Yes. The business in India is a business that's going to see investment business spending as we drive and grow that. We're excited about that market, and we're making the investment for the long-term growth. Eastern Europe, which is a more developed market, we are going to invest, we're going to bring new products. But there -- but it's not to the degree of what we will see in India.
Alan Wilson: It was based on a long-term relationship that we've had with the family that owned it and an ongoing discussion with them and -- to maintain a long-term partnership. That, as you know, it's a joint venture which we're very, very happy to be able to do. And in Poland, it's an outright acquisition.
Alan Wilson: Well, what we've continued to do is bring new products to the market, and that's been a help. And a lot of our growth has been as we expand more of a direct presence into other cities, that's helped. Whereas in the past, what you're talking about is we were in the soybean oil business in China through distributors, and we found that, that wasn't the right business mix for us. So we've refined the mix and feel that we have the right products. We still see opportunities for innovation, but more along expanded distribution and expanded our presence into other markets or other cities.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, as we described in the script, Andrew, we were able to cover the dollar increases through pricing or CCI. And so the math is such that when you're just covering the cost increases, the margin points will start to decline. You can see both businesses, Consumer and Industrial, grew at similar rates. Industrial is slightly higher than Consumer. So it was not a huge mix impact. It really was a function of the math as it relates to the increases that we were trying to cover through pricing and CCI.
Gordon Stetz: Well, this is Gordon, Eric. Our team is working very hard with the new module and the new processes. We've put a new organization in place just recently in this year. So we're going to see where we stand at the end of this year and evaluate the progress that's been made and give you more clarity. I can say that as a company, we're working very hard on improving our management of inventories. And I know our teams are very dedicated to doing that. The volatility of the cost environment has made projections on this pretty difficult. So we've decided to just give you a heads-up as we did in the conference call script on new timing of our goal for cash conversion cycle. We'd like the teams to work through this a bit and then at year end, we can update you.
Gordon Stetz: No, I wouldn't -- that's not the takeaway. I would be careful in doing that. Really, the headline messages is, we are reaffirming. There's a number of these puts and takes between a share buyback and other items. But in the end, it's the range that we're providing here so. We're reaffirming the range and the only assurance that we're really indicating at least earnings per share at the acquisition-related costs.
Gordon Stetz: Well, it's early to call 2012, but we would not -- we would expect to see higher prices and some continued inflation, but not at the level that we've seen this year.
Gordon Stetz: Well, again, we're working hard on managing our inventories and the volatility environment is such that we're reluctant to give you a specific projection on that. We would expect to start to see underlying improvement in particular in our finished goods area as we progress through the end of this year and into next year. But in total, inventory, given the cost environment, we want to assess that at year end and come back to you with a specific projection.
Gordon Stetz: It's fairly balanced. We're seeing across both of our businesses. I mean, Alan referred to some of the headline commodities that impact the Industrial business mostly, and you can see follow those and see those. But as we indicated as well, we're seeing it in packaging and pepper, so it's -- we're feeling the pressures across both businesses.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. Pricing is the last lever that we want to pull, and we're evaluating whether there will be additional pricing actions. Right now, we haven't made any decisions on that. But the first thing that we attempt to do is to offset it with productivity. And so that's our objective. We're not at a point yet to declare whether we're going to take additional pricing in the year.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. That's the way to think about it. Our second quarter advertising spend was roughly in line with last year. Our third quarter advertising spend is going to be up a little bit compared to last year.
Gordon Stetz: While we manage to a debt-to-EBITDA range of say, 1.5% to 1.7%. And we expect to be higher than that by year end. So for the moment, we are curtailing our share repurchase. Again, we'll reevaluate this at year end as we look into cash flow and projections next year and determine whether or not it's appropriate for us to go back into the share repurchase market.
Gordon Stetz: Well, we're in the process of evaluating our new capital structure, as you see, it's potentially going to the debt markets. So I guess I'd prefer for us to have that activity done before I give a specific number. But I mean, you can look at incremental $400 million in the current rate environment and obviously, it will be a mix of what's available in the medium term and commercial paper. So using the incremental $400 million and some rates there, that's probably the best rate. We also have cash available overseas that we will be using to fund it. Approximately $200 million exists overseas already, and we'll be using that to help fund the acquisitions as well.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. We're -- the vast majority will run through the consumer, yes, because these businesses are largely Consumer businesses.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. Well, we periodically pull that back on a loan basis. So we carry higher commercial paper balances on average throughout the year. But periodically, we pull that back to pay that down. So there is an amount of cash overseas of about $200 million.
