Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results and our Outlook for 2016. To accompany our call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following our remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Lawrence Kurzius, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or other factors. As seen on slide two, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussions over to Alan.
Joyce Brooks: Yeah. I think with another call coming up at 8:30, we probably have to end our Q&A there. And, Lawrence, I know you had some remarks to share. I'll turn it over to you.
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Lawrence, and to everyone on the call. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. This concludes this morning's call.
Alexia Howard: Hello there. So can I ask on the U.S. Consumer business? It sounds as though it's on a better trajectory in terms of market share. Does that mean that those smaller brands that have been plaguing you for the last 18 months or so are kind of now, I guess, stabilizing or actually going back? I just want to hear about how things are going on a category management front. Thank you.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a quick follow-up, it looked as though you had very good net price realization on your U.S. Consumer business this time. I'm assuming that was a positive mix shift with less pressure from the world markets season brand this time around. And yet the profits were only up modestly and gross margin didn't move too much. Were there other offsets in there that put pressure on the performance this time around? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations on the CEO transition. Looking forward to working with you, and great working with you in the past, Alan.
Alan Wilson: All right. Thank you, Alexia. We think we're making great progress with the improvement actions that we started in the early part of 2014 to build brand equity, accelerate innovation, and to win at retail. We really think that we've gotten a good handle on this. We have worked with our leading customers with our new tools on both category management, assortment management, and pricing management. And we think that we've made a great deal of progress and really have some positive momentum building in this part of our business. In many of the subcomponents of the category, we're clearly gaining share and with many of the individual customers, we're gaining share as well. So we think we turned the corner on the problem and are in a position to build from a base of strength that's been established by some of the heavy lifting done over the last two years.
Alan Wilson: Sure, Rob. First of all, we have not taken any pricing action in the U.S. for the last two years while we address some of the fundamental challenges in that part of our business. But as we have worked with the price elasticity tools and have been able to model the category more robustly, we've identified many areas where there are opportunities for us to adjust our pricing. The price increase that we've planned in our U.S. business has really been worked through at quite a granular level on an item-by-item basis. Some items are moving down as well as some items moving up, but the net increase will be in the 1% to 2% range. This has already been taken to our customers, so this is out in the field right now. And we've gotten really no meaningful pushback on it at all. Our basket of commodities is different than the basket of commodities than most of our peer companies. And there's good cost justification for the increase that we're taking. It's really not around packaging. Packaging is actually kind of in a bit of a deflationary mode. It's more around some of our more iconic raw material. And we believe that the cost pressures around those iconic raw materials, if anything, we're better positioned than our direct competitors on those items due to our global sourcing capability. So our competitors would be feeling that same pressure as well.
Alan Wilson: Well, on a go-forward basis, we're still robust on China. We know there's a lot of discussion around China. We're obviously very aware of the economic discussion going on there but our own business we're anticipating that continues to do well. India, as you know, we've taken actions to focus more on the branded component of that business. So, as we look forward into 2016, we expect India actually to be a drag as we lap the anniversary of our exit of the broken and bulk rice. So, you'll see noise in the Asia Pacific numbers as we progress through the year where we'll try and help you understand what's going on in the mix of that business. But again, we anticipate China being a good performer and India as we have rebased that business, that will be a negative on the sales line.
Gordon Stetz: Yes. I mean, there was no pricing again in the U.S. business that we took this year. So part of it was mix, part of it was some of the noise in the data associated with some of the actions we took with the weighting of some of our products. But, generally, we're in a position, as Lawrence said, to be able to execute pricing in that business as we've mentioned in our conference call. We had some acquisition-related cost in the U.S. Consumer side of things related to Stubb's. So some of the profit realization was impacted by that. And in total, the gross margin improved. We are continuing to spend up against our brand. You saw the increase in brand marketing of $9 million in the quarter. That's pretty substantial. So we think that's important as well to build the business for the future. So that also was impactful on the quarter in terms of profit realization.
Gordon Stetz: Well, in terms of the program itself and the realization, I would say, I'd put it this way, in 2016, our anticipation of the use of those benefit is more in line with how we had hoped the program would run, which means we'd have a portion of it read through into reinvestment in the brands, which we indicated we're doing through the up spend of $20 million plus. It will also blend partially some of the pricing, and obviously we have other costs in our system as well as it relates to salary increases, et cetera, that are built into our forecast. So, I'd just say the combination of all those things end up feeding into the total outlook that we have. I prefer not to parse about how much of it's going to go to the bottom line, how much of its used. But the net-net is obviously an improvement in margin structure that we had hoped that this program would generate both on the gross and operating income line.
Gordon Stetz: We're still more heavily weighted towards the cost of goods sold as a generator of these savings. But, obviously, we continue to look at SG&A and we took actions last year, and we're looking to leverage our SG&A structure as we grow.
Gordon Stetz: I would just add that, obviously, the CCI program for the industrial business is designed both to improve margin and to help us reinvest in R&D to help us drive the mix shift towards a higher margin. So, that's part of the equation as well.
Gordon Stetz: Well, this is Gordon jumping in. We haven't put a boundary on it candidly. For those of you who followed us for quite some time, 8% to 10% has been the goal. And as we went through periods of high inflation that gets interrupted because we have pass-through mechanisms that interrupt that margin improvement or at least mask the optics of it. But we're obviously close to that 10% where we landed years here, so it's not as if we put a ceiling on this. It's something that we continue to evaluate. And we'll look forward to improving that even still. But there hasn't been a specific target or ceiling that we put out on that business.
Lawrence Kurzius: Chris, I want to just expand on China just a bit because it has grown to be such a large contributor to our total business. We're aware of the macroeconomic pressure around the China market, which does make us cautious, but we're also quite optimistic about our business in China. A great deal of the carnage that's happened around us has been more in the modern trade portion of the business. That part of our business is slow as well but it only accounts for about 20% of our consumer business in China. Much more of our business in particular, thanks to the acquisition that we did a couple of years ago is more directed to the interior, to the smaller cities and through a more traditional trade outlet. So, we have continued to experience quite robust growth of our consumer business in China. For the year, we were up I think 11% in China in 2015. It was a little bit slower in the fourth quarter, but some of that was some anticipation of the Chinese New Year promotions that were coming beginning in December, which for us is fiscal 2016. I don't want to comment too much on 2016 but the opening of our year in China on the consumer side of our business has been really quite strong. And I focus my remarks on the consumer side because for us China has really become predominantly a consumer business. Years ago, China was more of an industrial business for us, and that's how we got our foothold there. But with the continued growth of our consumer business and with the addition of the acquisition we did a couple of years ago, that business is now more [indiscernible] about two-thirds consumer.
Lawrence Kurzius: I was just there with the China team last week and met with the management over there. Actually, Alan and I went over as part of our internal transition communication. And so, it gave us an opportunity to meet firsthand with the China team and they continue to be quite optimistic.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll say that we always have an active pipeline of acquisition project, and we're always in dialogue with some potential targets. And that is the case today, but I really can't say too much more than that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. First, I'd like to thank you all for your questions and to everyone who is on the call today, both the questioners and the listeners. Yeah, thank you for participating in today's call. Consumer demand for flavor is on the rise. It's driving growth for McCormick. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and aligned with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine, and bold taste. This is evident in our 2015 results and along with our strategies, gives us confidence in our 2016 outlook as we grow our business and build value for our shareholders. I hope all of you who are in the snow-impacted areas this weekend cooked a lot of McCormick Chili and a lot of Zatarain's Gumbo. Thank you all for your participation on the call.
