Alan D. Wilson: Sure. India is much more of a developing market for us than China is, and we've been in China for more than 20 years. And we're in China with both our Consumer and our Industrial business, and so we've had time to build that out. India, right now, we have mainly a Consumer business, along with a couple of joint ventures that are more ingredient-based. Our strategy is really similar because the Industrial business helps provide the scale for us to continue to grow and expand our Consumer business. Although in this case, we have an established Consumer business that will allow us the scale to start to build out an Industrial business. India is still pretty small percentage of sales, less than 5%. And we are very bullish on the market, although we recognize that it's going to be a long run, long-term growth strategy for us. Remember, as we stated when we made the Kohinoor acquisition, our strategy there is to evolve to a much more value-added portfolio, and we've started to do that by introducing the Rice n Spice mixes and some of the 2-minute meals. So what we want to do is put our value-added products through the distribution channel that we acquired when we bought Kohinoor.
Alan D. Wilson: No, we have a multitude of markets there, and our business has performed pretty well. It's off of a very strong growth in the quarter last year, and so we expect that we'll continue to grow. We're pretty bullish on our business in Poland. Our business in Russia is continuing to expand. Our business in the U.K. and France are a little more mature, but we're still seeing volume growth in both those markets.
Alan D. Wilson: Sure. And we have had organic spice items for more than 12 years and have continued to update that. In spices, it hasn't been as big a factor. Consumers already assume, and rightly so, that spices are naturally grown, that they're relatively safe and have some positive properties. So there is certainly a segment of the market that likes it, but it hasn't taken the kind of rapid growth that other packaged foods categories have had. But certainly, we respond pretty quickly to trends, and as we see those develop, our teams are pretty agile to make sure that we're hitting whatever the consumer is looking for.
Alan D. Wilson: It depends on what they're selling and what they're driving growth in. And if there is a large amount of new product innovation, typically that serves our business pretty well. If they're focusing on things like value menus, it -- we'll have some sales, but it's not the high-velocity, higher-margin products that really drive our business. And if they're focused on "out of main time" type products like breakfast, we have less participation. So there's certainly trends there that we see as positive. We just don't see it recovering as much in our third quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: We've got pieces of our business that we're pretty happy with the underlying performance, and as we stated, our Consumer business has pretty good momentum. Our Industrial business is a little more challenged, and we'd certainly like to be a little better there, but the underlying profit growth is pretty good. Obviously, we'd like to be offsetting these things, but we think about our business for the long term. We're not necessarily managing year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter, and so part of the reason that we're continuing to make investments in our marketing spending is to make sure we maintain that healthy business. We view the challenges in Industrial to be temporary. And so what we don't want to do is overreact to something that we think is going to turn around, so that's philosophically how we think about it. And what we're trying to do with the updated guidance is just be transparent with the best look that we have at this point.
Alan D. Wilson: I can't help you much with that particular competitor. I think they're in the mode of building their distribution inside the country and are more focused as an export company. But we've shared the dynamics that are impacting our business. And again, just to reiterate, our objective in that business is to drive value-added products through that supply chain. Certainly, basmati rice is a big part of the scale there and important to us, but our objective, long term, is to really move up the value chain.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, certainly, a lot of consumer companies are focused pretty heavily on driving snacks. And as you probably know, we focus on a couple of strategic customers. We're continuing to grow and win business with our strategic customers, and we don't necessarily participate heavily outside those strategic customers. So certainly, I don't know that the competitive landscape has changed. There is certainly more focus by a lot of companies on driving their snack business.
Alan D. Wilson: You're right. We don't necessarily control the timing of new product introductions, but we can see, through planning, what our customers are planning or expecting to do. So -- and based on the visibility that we have right now, we would expect a recovery. Remember, we had a fairly weak fourth quarter in 2012, so we do expect some recovery there.
Alan D. Wilson: What we're actually seeing, which is an interesting dynamic in the data, is some customers moving away from opening price point, really deep discount products, at least in our category, and there's a bit of a trade-up happening from that opening price point to private label and then up to brand. So we're seeing a little bit of an interesting dynamic. It's been led by a couple of more value retailers that are -- have been able to trade up the consumer. I can't speak as to how that's happening across other categories, but we're certainly seeing the dynamic in our category, which, by the way, we see as positive.
Alan D. Wilson: We certainly expect -- we expect that we're going to do that long term. It's early to be giving guidance for '14, but we've got good momentum in our Consumer businesses around the world, we're executing pretty well with really focused and targeted programs around big events and pulling in all parts of our portfolio from Zatarain’s to Lawry's to Simply Asia to our core stuff, so we do feel pretty good about the momentum there. And certainly, we would expect that '14 should see some relief from the pension expense.
Alan D. Wilson: They have to keep on pace with where they're delivering now. And remember, we did have a few onetime issues in the fourth quarter last year. We don't expect those to repeat. We're pretty focused on execution in the fourth quarter.
Alan D. Wilson: Absolutely. The Wuhan business is stronger in the central parts of China. Our core business has been stronger in the coastal region. So what we plan to do is introduce more McCormick products through the central region, but also take some of the Wuhan products into the coast.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we expect that it'll grow for a couple of reasons. One is as we expand it into other regions, there is certainly an attractive market opportunity. The products are core to how Chinese cook. The second piece of it is we do expect -- even though there's a lot of discussion around a little bit of a slowdown in the growth rates in China, there's still pretty robust growth. So as the market grows, we'll be able to take advantage of that, but we do see expanding the distribution and taking advantage of that.
Alan D. Wilson: Oh, there's lots of competition in these products, and there are the usual suspects that we compete with around the world. So we feel pretty good about our prospects and being able to hold our own.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we're balancing market share and volume with cost. And so we want to make sure that we maintain a -- we're not willing to necessarily lose a lot of market share, so we'll be pretty focused. The price gets reset every year based on what happens in the markets and how we acquire positions. And so I would expect it to get reset as we go into next year. I don't have any outlook on what the crop looks like, but as we -- but the timing of that is towards the end of the year, when we'll be starting to make procurement decisions.
Alan D. Wilson: We do, and certainly, we would have hoped to have seen a better Memorial Day weekend, from a weather standpoint. It was raining in the Northeast. And I think what you're seeing is the impact of some of that. But we have pretty good momentum already built off cycle, so we're -- we believe, based on growing household penetration and continuing to introduce new products in grilling, we see it as pretty robust.
Alan D. Wilson: It's a little bit of that, and it's just a little bit of the products that we're supplying not moving as quickly and recovering as fast as we would've expected. So it's a little bit of product innovation and a little bit of where the customers are focused on driving growth.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, last year, we had some supply chain issues largely related to Hurricane Sandy. So we feel like our business was somewhat suppressed in -- our sales were suppressed. Our consumption actually was pretty good through the fourth quarter. That's why we feel more confident that we should deliver.
Alan D. Wilson: Thanks for your questions and for participating on today's call. Through our growth initiatives, CCI programs and the efforts of McCormick employees around the world, we're overcoming a number of headwinds in 2013 and delivering solid sales and profit growth. Our passion for flavor, broad portfolio and expanding global presence have us well positioned to meet consumer demand for flavor in both developed and emerging markets.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, obviously, it's an environment that continues to feel economic pressure. So it's an area that we're actually very pleased with the performance in certain of those markets given the tough conditions that they're operating in where you see volume declines in other categories, and in fact, our growth is outpacing those other categories. So we're looking for positive volume growth because they continue to execute well. We're leaning into those businesses in the back half of the year with new products and part of our advertising increases targeting Europe. So we're looking for strong growth, but we haven't been so far as to give a specific number. But we're still expecting good growth out of that region.
Gordon M. Stetz: No. It's primarily the 2 items we mentioned, which is the impact of the transaction cost from Wuhan and the delayed recovery in the Industrial side of our business.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, Ken, this is a Gordon. We don't see any news to the update that we provided at the beginning in the year, and that included a 3% adverse impact or increase on material costs during this year, with a lot of that occurring in the front part of the year and then moderating as we progress through the year. That continues to be the same outlook that's baked into the guidance we've just provided you, and that's also one of the factors we are including as we think about our gross profit margins and how they are improving quarter-to-quarter and stabilizing and recovering as we progress through the year.
Gordon M. Stetz: David, this is Gordon. I would say it's in line with our original expectations. I'd say that given the opportunities that we see behind the growth in those businesses, you've seen us increase some of our outlook as it relates to our A&P spend, and that's given the opportunities we see on a global scale behind innovation and brand marketing support. So whatever improvement that we're seeing through CCI or the incremental volume like we're seeing in Consumer, we're -- I'd say we're leaning into with some of the increase in the marketing spend. So net-net, we're about where we thought we would be on the Consumer side of things. So hence, we are adjusting down to reflect, as I said earlier, primarily the Wuhan and that delayed recovery in Industrial.
Gordon M. Stetz: From a transaction cost standpoint, that's correct. There'll be integration costs in the remainder of the year that offset the incremental profitability, but from a transaction cost, that would be it.
Gordon M. Stetz: It's really a number of things as we incorporate them into all of our McCormick system, so it's everything from incorporating them into our IT systems to QA systems to financial systems. It's broad-based as we go in and start to integrate them more closely to our operations.
