Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 28. With the first quarter results, we have a strong start to the year. We’re delivering against our plans for both sales and profit realization and are confident in the momentum of our business. We're reaffirming our strong 2019 outlook for sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth. This outlook reflects strong operating performance driven by our solid foundation and continued momentum. We’re confident 2019 will be another successful year. We're sustainably positioned for growth, and are continuing to deliver differentiated results, while also investing to build the McCormick of the future. Now, I'd like to turn it to your questions.
Lawrence Kurzius: We have seen improvement in that part of our flavor solutions business in the U.S. really through the second half of last year even and continuing into this year. It's hard to tell whether it’s their trend is improving or whether it's us gaining share. One of our advantages is that we are very strong in the whole area of creating natural flavors, clean flavors systems. And the huge amount of the work that we do with our customers involves kind of making their ingredients statement more consumer friendly and more in line with the trend towards consumers not wanting to see anything unnatural or artificial sounding on the label. So a lot of our work is in that area and we think we're advantage there. So we have to think that part of the strength that we’re having there is gaining share. I'll say the European part is also partially driven by the acquisition of Giotti a couple of years ago, which gave us some greater capabilities in the area of developing, fresh and natural flavors in Europe, in particular.
Lawrence Kurzius: That's a great point Andrew. And if you look at the consumption data, you can see that we -- although I'm certainly not going to apologize for the organic sales growth in the Americas on the consumer side, which is really strong. If we did ship below consumption, our consumption rate as measured through the scanned channels was higher, and we know that from unscanned and unmeasured channels that they would have been additive about another percentage point of growth over what the scanner would suggest. So our underlying consumption is quite a bit stronger then. And shipments, we always see some inventory reduction in the first quarter. As we said, we plan for. I’d say what happened in the first quarter was really in line with what would be normal activity, nothing like the extraordinary activity. We saw in the fourth quarter of last year which is well behind us.
Lawrence Kurzius: We got our complete re-launch of our core business over there behind the first choice initiative. And so there are some costs associated with that in terms of promotional dollars and listing fees that run through the difference between gross and that's reflected as pricing.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, I'm not going to apologize for the 4% sales growth in Asia-Pacific, which I still think is pretty good. But the China continues to be strong …
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, sorry about that. I'm not sure what you heard. So I'll just start from the beginning. China's growth continues to be strong. We had some softness in couple of the other minor markets around the region that dampened the results for overall Asia-Pacific. I think 4%, it's a little bit lower than we've been reporting, but it's still pretty solid. We don't have any -- really don't have any concern over there that there's a meaning -- that there's any kind of meaningful change in the trend line for that region. If there is any part that might be a bit slow, it’s the food service portion of the China business where there's some, I think, there is a bit of a slowdown in the economic growth in China. I think that that is impacting food service more than anything. But I'm sure consumer part of that business is still rock solid.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. So as we've started to get below four and into the 3s, we're pretty optimistic that we're going to be in the low 3s by the end of the year. It is time for us to start taking a look at opportunities again. So while I will continue to say that our priority is paying down debt, we are starting to look at some acquisition opportunities.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, I mean, obviously, we have a huge market basket of different commodities. Some of the major ones like pepper have come down, vanilla stayed very high. We've talked about that in the past couple years. But there's a lot of other items that have gone up. And that's kind of builds into the low single-digit costs inflation. We also have in their freight costs, which, as you know, last year, for most of the industry way up. You see those how stabilized to be up in order to be up, but that’s included within that low single-digit guidance. When I say from a margin perspective throughout the year, early in the year, and we’ve talked about this before, the first half of the year we're getting hit from a currency perspective. In the first quarter was 3%. If you look at last year, we were getting a benefit of foreign currency in that same range, in the first half of the year. That drives some FX trends and that's the translational impact on our P&L. If you look at the transactional costs, that is an underlying headwind early in the year for us, which we see reversing in the second half. So that's a little bit of the color of why we think margins will improve throughout the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, it is. It's going to be washed within the quarter because our second quarter is March, April, May. So as Easter moves around, I would expect there may be -- there’s some impact on our month to month timing, but within the quarter, it's not -- it’s just not going to -- it's not going to matter. So whatever difference there is not going to be material.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we also did see, as you know, some of the challenges that we had in the fourth quarter in the consumer business of our high margin products. That will reverse hopefully in the fourth quarter and be positive too.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, first of all, I completely agree with you that the opportunity is to increase the proportion of our business and to grow most quickly, the most value added parts of the portfolio and that is indeed our strategy and has been overtime has generated both an improvement in operating margin for this part of our business, particularly over the last few years with the strategies been in place and has enabled us to grow faster because the wins that we get tend to be stickier and longer lasting. So that is our strategy, but we have not put a specific target out there for our kind of the final call for margin, but I will just -- we have said and I'll say again that there's a very long runway for margin expansion. Our margins for this segment of the business are quite a bit lower than some of the pure play flavor companies. And within those segments, our margins are very comparable to their. So as that part of the business comes to be a bigger portion of our flavor solutions business, I would expect to see our margins -- we not only expect, we're driving to have our margins moving in that direction. So, I think there's still quite a long runway of margin growth ahead of us, not just for this year but for years to come.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey, Akshay, let's try and understand the question. When you talk about the impact of retailer disruption, I'm not…
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, it is impact on our last quarter. I don't -- I will disagree that had an impact on this quarter. We did get our customers back in stock. And so, the out of stock situations that occurred last quarter were resolved. But retailers don't need the same. It's not a just we got it back. Retailers don't need the same level of inventory in the first quarter, which is the lowest seasonality period as they do in the fourth quarter, which is the highest. And the mix of products that they need on hand is different in the first quarter than the fourth quarter as well. The shelves are restocked, but Thanksgiving isn't going to come again until fourth quarter. And so, it's not -- so while the situation at retail has recovered, it really didn't have it. All that meant was that we didn't have an ongoing impact from the out-of-stock situation into the first quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, those are the longest questions. So, let me take the first part. I think you're focusing on Americas consumer and our pricing, and I don't know that the number you're looking at reflects what we've actually reported because the first quarter of 2019, we’ve recorded about 1% pricing positive in the first quarter of '18 was the same number. So, we're not seeing an increase in pricing activities year-over-year for the Americas or difference at the same number.
Lawrence Kurzius: No, no, we'll look at it too. But we do have really strong underlying volume growth and I think that's what the key is you know. I mean, we've had strong consumption as we've talked about across all of our financial. Fourth quarter was very strong and strength has continued in Q1. We focused on the dollar volume growth, but if you look at units and herbs and spices, we're up 4% as well, and that's really solid growth.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'd say all those other items below the line like interest expense and other income would, to your point kind of mashed together and be approximately the same at this point.
Lawrence Kurzius: Okay, so in terms of our overall spending first of all, we're comfortable with the overall level of A&P spend that we have as a business system we've guided to, our spend being comparable into last year, we're very comfortable with the overall level of support that we have behind the brands. We've been one of those companies that never really disinvested in marketing. We're increased our A&P expenses year-over-year pretty consistently and last year was the tremendous growth that we experienced at the top and bottom line through we took it as an opportunity to make a significant ramp-up of our expense of over 25% last year. So, we don't view the level of spending as an issue for us, as a core issue for us at all. The mix of that spending is driven more and more towards digital spending and the same is less visible but true on a trade promotional expenses as well. And so, this is an area where we have done what I will call more advertising like promotion activity with our customers really repurposing in your funds that might have previously been spent on price promotion that such much more efficient vehicles, efficient and effective vehicle that they offer. Particular those customers to develop strong omni-channel and digital marketing programs have their own, these programs. We've seen a tremendous, can have a tremendous ROI, particularly compared to traditional trade promotion, which I think everybody knows, it is ROI negative. So we have made some of those changes, and some of the retailers do have programs that we believe are legitimate advertising vehicles that I'm going to want to names, but if you think about your pure play e-commerce providers, I think a pretty good case that consumers make some of their brand choices looking at their sites. So, we do have some of that going on generally is a shift from traditional free promotion to digital social programs that are offered by the customers and all that's in the context of our, us being comfortable with our overall spending models. Mike, do you want to.
Lawrence Kurzius: So, I just want to say, this was a solid no drama quarter for us. We had good sales growth at over 4% and attracted bit behind consumption and align with our expectations. Our operating margin expansion is right in line with our algorithm. Our EPS growth of 12% included a tax benefit that we expected and signaled. And the underlying EPS was strong too. It's a solid start to 2019 and we're confident in our outlook. I'd like to thank you all for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick is like a global leader in flavor and we're differentiated with a broad and advantage portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We have a growing and profitable business and operate in an environment that is changing in an never faster pace, responding readily to changes in our industry with new ideas, innovation of purpose with our relentless focus on growth, performance and people. We continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I am pleased with the strong results to start the year and I have confidence in delivering our 2019 outlook, while continuing to make investments and fuel our growth to build both the McCormick of the future and shareholder value.
Mike Smith: Hey, Dave, this is Mike. I'll answer the margin question. I mean, we were really happy with the performance we did in the first quarter, which is the smallest quarter of the year for us, with 6% constant currency sales growth and 7% operating profit growth as you said. So we're basically flat, slightly up on our margin. But we did -- we had some unfavorable product mix. If you look at -- we talk about this some of the QSR sales we had. We mentioned it specifically with regard to Asia where these limited times offers, which we generally make higher margin on, were a little bit down this quarter, little bit similar to last quarter, and the base business was up. That's where we're growing. So there is a little bit of a product mix within that segment for the first quarter, but for the full year we feel real good about these margin opportunities there. And from a growth perspective, we used the term lumpy for sales with flavor solutions because we’re relying on promotions from -- and new product launches from customers. But we're really happy after some of the -- if you remember the fourth quarter, we got a lot of questions about Americas sales growth, which I think, in that quarter was 2%, that rebounded nicely. So we’re going to have some variability throughout the year. We're still comfortable with our general 4% to 6% excuse me, 3% to 5% constant currency growth.
Mike Smith: Hey, David, this is Mike again. You really got to look at the segment and the regional level. And while you're right the total company isn't just flat. If you look at it by region, for example, consumer, Americas was up almost 1%, which was the same as it was last year, same with flavor solutions. The other segments and regions are similar. One area that was down with EMEA consumer, where we had significant trade promotions around the holiday season and we’ve launched a lot of new products in the first quarter, and we see that moderating the rest of the year.
Mike Smith: Yes, Alexia, it's Mike. We’re right now four at the end of the first quarter and we still plan as we said to be three times in 2020. So we're still very confident. And we had really strong cash flow in the first quarter, and we think that's going to happen for the rest of year. So we're still bullish on that. Now, I'll turn it to Lawrence, for the second part.
Mike Smith: We expect them to be strong in the second half. And again one of the drivers is that transactional impact on our costs, transactional FX impacts on our costs, which we expect to moderate in the second half.
Mike Smith: It was broad based -- yes, when you get -- we had over 6% growth in flavor solutions in the U.S. and 9% almost in EMEA. So across all the categories, but there was a little bit of a mix issue as Lawrence said.
Mike Smith: Are going back to '17? So we had vanilla, there were some commodities I mentioned before that was really spiking up at that point. So, as I mentioned, we will take pricing when we need to cover commodity cost increases. The last few years, we've had low single digits, commodity cost inflation.
Mike Smith: You’re troubled by this, we’ve bit reflects ourselves by what is what we're seeing in the scanner, which is a for continuation of the disconnect, that we've been experienced with the scanner, data services and some regards know, clearly we're reporting strong volume and mix for the only 1% pricing was some of the scanner services are in our reporting huge price increases and actually declining volume and mix. You know, we can't reconcile it to Nielsen but I've seen the data I can simply say we did not take 5% price increase, which is…
Mike Smith: No, I think. I mean, I can tell you from personal experience. We've been doing this for a long time, five years ago, in the EMEA, we're using trade funds to work with a brick-and-mortar customers to be more efficient on our trade spend. So, I think you're Ken, it's continuing to move in that direction.
