Alan Wilson: Gordon, before we ask the operator to put through the first question, let me start by addressing recent questions from investors regarding pressure by U.S. retailers to reduce branded SKUs. In the U.S. market, we've not only maintained shelf space, but across all outlets have grown our share. Since 2008, we've expanded distribution of our brands in alternative channels such as dollar stores. For the past 18 months, there's been a great deal of speculation concerning various spice category solutions at Wal-Mart. I'd like to share with you that later this summer, the core spice and herb section of Wal-Mart super centers will be merchandised in a consistent manner across the United States with an assortment consisting primarily of McCormick branded products and a limited number of great value private brand items. Wal-Mart has also agreed to carry our new Recipe Inspiration items in most of their stores nationally. We're very pleased with the opportunity to demonstrate the strength of our brands with their valued customers. Operator, let's open up the line for questions.
Alan Wilson: No, we expect it to moderate a bit. It's still going to be more than it was last year, but it won't be nearly at the rate at which we have spent in the first half. A lot of our first half spending has been behind introduction of new products, and we'll get some more of a normal level of advertising. Remember, we've had increased step-ups in the last couple of years, in the fourth quarter, and we'll continue to increase it, but not as much as we have the first half of the year.
Alan Wilson: I don't see so much of a step up, because as you recall, we added a lot of high value promotions over the past year. So I wouldn't say it's going to decrease, but I wouldn't expect to see that kind of increase as we had in the back half of the year.
Alan Wilson: It will be primarily in the U.K. and France, which is our largest markets and the markets that are performing the best. And the reason for that is that's where we get our best returns. We are considering what we need to do in some of the weaker markets, but we believe we will get our best returns investing behind our biggest businesses.
Alan Wilson: Well, still hard to get an early read, but based on the turn rates that we're seeing, we're very, very pleased especially with Recipe Inspirations. Perfect Pinch is also doing very well, but the purchase cycle is a little longer so it's harder to read that. Recipe Inspirations are, use it once and replace it. So it's still a pretty early read, but one that we're very encouraged with, and pretty similar to what we saw in the test markets. So we think we've got a very good product here.
Alan Wilson: What it really means is that, effectively, the great value test is over. And Wal-Mart has made the decision to merchandise in those test stores pretty much the way they have merchandised around the rest of the country. So, that's the outcome of that. It's hopefully lists some of the concerns that have been out there for the last 18 months or so.
Alan Wilson: Well I think, what we're seeing and recall, we had pretty strong sales comparisons to last year as we were supporting the launch of some significant new products in the US. So, we are pretty pleased with what we've seen from the sales growth perspective. We do expect it to continue in the foreseeable future. We've got good momentum in Europe. The Americans has good momentum behind the products that we are selling and the customers are supporting the products that we are selling. And we're seeing continued distribution expansion and new product wins in Asia. So we believe that at least the current outlook as we see it, barring some major economic changes that sends people back out of restaurants that we're feeling pretty good about the food service part of our industrial business.
Alan Wilson: Yes. That's not so much the test, what they've done is merchandise. And they will continue to have in different parts of the store some regional brands; it’s less of a test, for instance in high Hispanic areas there is some Hispanic focused brands. And I think you saw some of those. So they will continue to have those in distribution, but the predominant course by set will be McCormick and some great value private brand.
Alan Wilson: Yes, that math is correct if you are guiding towards, as we've said we are guiding towards the upper end of the range and that's the way it would work out.
Alan Wilson: No update that we can really talk about. We're very pleased with what we're seeing and we think consumers are really pleased to have a great brand available in the store.
Alan Wilson: It's the large commodities that we tend to work with customers on the ups and downs. The biggest impacts currently are dairy products. And as we take positions on things like cheese with our customers, if they go up we pass it through, if it goes down we pass it through. And we do the same thing on soybean oil, flower or the other large items that are impacted like that.
Alan Wilson: Well, we're seeing increased upward pressure on specifically pepper and garlic. Garlic is up I think about 50% over the last 16, 18 months. Pepper has climbed in the last several months. So there has been some upward pressure in those. So we look at what we're doing there and what we think the outlook is as we make our pricing decisions. Those would necessarily be passed through automatically. We make a more rational decision on those; although for customers that are buying in bulk, they're buying based on whatever the price is on the day that we quoted. So it's not necessarily contract pricing for those either. But in our consumer business, as you know, we take pricing more strategically than tactically. So we are seeing some upward pressure in a number of the input costs.
Alan Wilson: Gordon, you may want to help me on this. Our current assumption on pricing is relatively flat, although there'll still be some downward pressure in the industrial business as we pass things through based on our current guidance.
Alan Wilson: Yes, that's correct, Mitch. As you recall from last year, we started to see good improvement in that business towards the second half of the year. So the comparison is starting to be more difficult. So we're anticipating growth, but certainly not on the magnitude that we saw in the first six months.
Alan Wilson: If I had to highlight anything that's creating pressure right now, packaging costs are under some amount of pressure. But the larger impacts to us are pepper and garlic. And in the past, as you know, as we've managed these, sometimes we've found it necessary to take price increases on specific commodity items when they start to climb. And I'm not announcing anything like that today, but we have shown that we have the ability to do that as we need to. But it's not the first lever we try to pull.
Alan Wilson: As you know, we've talked about expanding the sales of branded products and specifically the dollar channel and showing the good results that they get when they do that and replace that with a controlled economy label. And that's a lot of what we were talking about there.
Alan Wilson: Well, that's something we always have to weigh between recovering input costs and the impact on volume. So it is something that we do a lot of work on and run out of elasticity to determine at what point do we need to pass pricing through and how do we do it, because we've got a choice of taking pricing on specific items which we can do a little more straightforward and quicker than we can do a general price increase. And at this point, we're not prepared to talk about any strategy behind it, but that's how we tend to think about it. We definitely want to make sure that we stay competitive and aren't necessarily surrendering share to private label.
Alan Wilson: Yes. But remember also, if for instance we have to raise prices on things like pepper, private label prices will also need to be increased as well. So we run that balance all the time.
Alan Wilson: Absolutely, and we've really talked about this before. We are spending, as we are doing value promotions, we know those are some of the lowest ROI spends that we have. And we are trying to make them as good as possible, but we felt in the tough economy that it was important that we do that. And we're continually evaluating what the right level of spend are and what the right periods to spend them to get the most impact are. But I think I would agree with what the other companies are saying; we are seeing a lower impact from some of the value promotions. We are seeing a pretty good impact still from our more consumer driven recipe strategies and health and wellness advertising that are really helping. But I would agree with what the other companies were saying.
Alan Wilson: Yes, as you know, we are not going to talk specifically about what we are doing with specific customers. But I will say we are just happy with how things have worked out and we believe it's going to be a positive for both McCormick and for the customer.
Alan Wilson: Industrial first, which is the bigger part of the business in China; last year was – we’re seeing some of the same things we were, where the QSRs were not doing the new items and weren't promoting as heavily as they had in the past. And there were some real declines in their sales. We've seen that pick back up, and we've seen the innovation activity pick back up. On the consumer side, we've continued to upgrade the talent in our organization and we believe we're hitting on the things that consumers are looking to buy. We're investing and continuing to expand our presence in our major cities, as well as expand in new products and in some distribution. So we believe that is a region, and specifically China is a country that we should be growing, and we should be growing consistently. And we think the formula is working for us right now.
Alan Wilson: Yes, I think there is still a bit of cautious optimism that we see, both with consumers and with customers. Some of the consumers are climbing back out of the bunker and they're trying new flavors and are experimenting a little more. But we still have an issue where jobs haven't necessarily recovered. I would say it's still fragile. And so I think it is a bit of a mixed signal around the world. And I would say that in most of the developed economies that there is a base of consumers where they really feel that the worst may be over. But then there's still a bit of fragility to that, and respond and react to any little bit of nervousness and bad news. So it's kind of a hard read right now.
Gordon Stetz: Absolutely, it's pacing the way we had anticipated. The big events that we were supporting this quarter, we supported, and that was largely behind the Recipe Inspirations and Perfect Pinch. So, there was really no change to our original thinking on that.
Gordon Stetz: You are isolating one event; I mean there's a number of factors in there. So, obviously we spent up in the quarter as well, $8 million which was not in the prior year. And also we had the impact of the higher pension costs. And as we described, that's on an annual basis about $14 million impact and that goes through each quarter on pretty much a pro rata basis. So, if you do the math the way you described that you are accurate, but I'd be cautious that there are a number of things that we've spent up against for the purpose of driving our business.
Gordon Stetz: Absolutely, I mean, what we wanted to make sure, is people understood that the large core markets are still hanging in there and there are markets surrounding those core markets that have had some difficulties.
Gordon Stetz: No, that's a function of the currency rates. And as you know, at a point in time at the end of the quarter, you strike your currency rate and then the year-to-year fluctuations in currency flow-through accumulated other comprehensive income. So the fact that the euro, which is one of the larger items on that which is the Ducros acquisition back in 2000, the fact that the euro started to decrease was reading through both the intangible and then other comprehensive income.
Gordon Stetz: Historically we haven't broken it out in that fashion. But I can tell you broadly, when we manage CapEx, we manage for a return in excess of our cost of capital and we look at the total portfolio. So we make sure that the growth component in that portfolio can more than offset the no-return component of, say, roof replacements and things like that. So we manage it on a total portfolio basis to make sure that total spend is delivering nicely above our cost of capital.
