Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the main focus of our marketing, especially in the U.S., is on the consumer. We're going to spend about 40% of that marketing -- the advertising spend in digital, which is going directly to consumers in the U.S. We will have our usual trade promotion and marketing development funds but a lot more of that money is going into equity build as opposed to price discounts. And our CCI program is right. We typically think of our CCI as our fuel for growth. And so we would expect to continue to reinvest to that, back in the business.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we expect an improved result in India this year. We're starting to implement our programs of value-added rice mixes to go with the basmati rice. We are in a better inventory position and we are expecting that we'll be able to grow that business this year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I think there's a couple of things going on. One is an expansion of private label at multiple price points at some customers. There's also been some gains by smaller competitors, both from the value price and the premium price, that are having some impact. Our strategy to go after that is a couple. One is very aggressive category management and telling the story and helping our customers to remember the strong profitability of the spice and seasonings category and the importance of that to them, and the importance of McCormick in driving that profitability. Because some of the things that are happening aren't necessarily driving the profitability. On the premium side, what you'll see this year is a relaunch of our Gourmet business with a strong emphasis on differentiating the superior quality and sourcing of our products in Gourmet. We really believe the trends are there. So it's not a one-size-fits-all, it's really focused marketing against some very, very specific segments.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, and without getting into a lot of specifics, on a lot of cases, they're coming in through different departments. They're not necessarily in the spice aisle, they may be in the produce aisle or finding their way into different parts of the store, and aren't as readily visible to the category managers we're dealing with. So we are telling that story. The second thing that we're really doing is showing a lot of that data that's still applicable that we saw in that test, where the consumer really wants to buy the brand. And what we wanted to be able to show them is the value and the differentiation in product for the brand.
Alan D. Wilson: We're continuing to evaluate the programs. We have some programs that have worked pretty well, some that haven't worked as well. Some of our spend has gone into some trade funds that weren't as productive as our equity building. And I think what you'll find is a lot more of a focus on building and driving the equity and supporting new products that we're bringing out. Our innovation pipeline has been -- in some of our markets, hasn't been as robust as we need it to be. And what we're really doing is relooking at our whole strategies. And so we're launching a lot of products that are working in other markets. And the gluten-free gravies from Canada is a great example of that, where we believe that it will help to drive growth in the recipe mix category. So we're really relooking at a lot of the things that we're doing.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we didn't mean to imply that all of our spending or a lot of our spending was in Gourmet. We are relaunching Gourmet and there's going to be support behind that. And that generates a fairly small percentage of our sales, but it's a very profitable mix of sales. We are focused on a number of large events, everything from our current Super Bowl cooking activity, to Easter and Grilling. So I didn't mean to imply at all that we're only focused on the premium segment. We're really focused on making sure consumers understand the value of McCormick and the value meals that they can prepare that are using our products. So it's not so much on driving the premium products. We are -- we're really focused on building the equity. And we have to just -- go ahead.
Alan D. Wilson: Well, we participate in all price points in the -- in -- across the market, everything from opening price point to private label for our customers. So a part of that share gain is coming through in our sales, obviously, at a lower margin. But we do have our value-branded items as well, and as an example one of the -- couple of the items we're introducing are $0.99 recipe mix, Recipe Inspirations and value grinders, larger grinders at a competitive price. So we've got some of those offerings that we're going with.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, it's a matter of the products that we supply and what our customers are featuring and driving. We are much, much better off when our customers are innovating and introducing new products or when they're driving core products that we supply. And so we're -- there's -- where we win is by winning the innovations. That's the parts that we can control. By and large, a lot of the things with that customer base is not in our control.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, it's still -- as a percentage of our total business, it still is relatively small. We certainly have a strong share of the total market, but relative to our total portfolio, it's still a relatively small part. And it did not have an extremely big impact on the mix. Clearly, if we had skewed up more towards the core items the way we had anticipated, mix would have been more favorable than what we showed both within the U.S. consumer as a total company. But I'd say, in and of itself, it's is not the main driver.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say -- by and large, private label is still a fairly low percentage of the dollar sales in the category compared to a number of other categories. What we're reacting to is that we've seen a higher level of growth. And we've seen it in a mix of value-price retailers, natural, higher-end retailers and then some popular retailers who've adopted it as a strategy. But it's still a little more than 20% of the category. It's not -- in terms of volume and dollars, it's even lower than that. So it is something we are responding to, something we are reacting to but -- and we know how to do that because where we compete in Europe and in Canada, we have typically private label more like 50%. I think the dynamic we've seen differently in 20 -- late 2012 and through 2013 is a little more fragmentation, both in terms of other competitors, as well as private label, as new products have been offered. Typically, private label have been in a fairly limited number of products and we've seen some expansion. We've seen some expansion in price points, and that's what we're responding to.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, I would expect that what happened in third quarter was an awful lot of the holiday items. We did see, through the quarter, consumption improved. And so what we didn't see in our sales were reorders that we typically get after that kind of thing happens. But yes, we think by and large, the buy-in -- and it was kind of compounded by the fact that we had a price increase at the same time, but we think that's largely done.
Alan D. Wilson: I think the price increase -- this price increase had very minimal impact. It was -- it did impact that buy-in in third quarter. But by and large, by the time it got on the shelf with the consumer, it had very, very little impact and didn't impact much of the results. I will say that one of the things we are really focused on, Eric, is really improving our responsiveness and our agility and our focus. And we've already made changes in the alignment of our sales regions in the U.S. and we're continuing to simplify our operation and our business to go after volume and share gains.
Alan D. Wilson: We would expect to see improvement through the year. We're changing what we're doing right now. There is a very different dialogue that we're having with the customer. A more assertive story on category management that's happening right now. It may take some time for that to find its way into our results. But we expect through the year that we're going to see improvement in that. The guidance that we've given reflects our best outlook as to what we think is going to happen.
Alan D. Wilson: I'll take the first question on the industrial business in Asia and in China. We did see some recovery, and that's coming off some fairly weak results at the end of the year. There -- it's still, I wouldn't say, a completely robust environment. We've gained business with some local customers and are continuing to build our business there. So we have a pretty positive outlook for that business as we go into this year. I'll let Gordon talk about the acquisition activity. We've got a number of targets. And obviously, it's tough to time those, but we do have a number of targets in different parts of the world.
Alan D. Wilson: I didn't say -- I didn't actually say that pricing isn't having an impact. I said it didn't have much of an impact in the fourth quarter last year. But what we are seeing in the trends, which is a little bit of a reversal of what we're seeing earlier in the year, is that private label unit growth is a little stronger than private label dollar growth. That tells me that there's some level of discounting. Our unit growth is trailing our dollar growth in this business in the syndicated data, which tells me there's some -- there's either some mixing of...
Alan D. Wilson: That means over the past year, the price gap has widened a little bit. And that's part of our category management story with retailers is to help them understand what the optimum price gaps and pricing levels are for their premium branded products, their core branded products, their private label products and their opening price points so that they're not sacrificing category profitability to be able to impact that. But certainly, we are very sensitive to the price gaps that we have. And we think there's been some impact in our unit volume. And that gap has changed a little bit this year.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, the price increase only, at least in the short term, only impacted the shift between quarters. What we expected is because we'd had a fairly -- with a lot of onetime issues in 2012, was a rebound from some supply issues we had and some of the demand from the Northeast, where Hurricane Sandy impacted us. And as we issued that guidance, we were seeing fairly good consumption data. What we didn't see in October and November were the sales and the reorders that we would've -- that we expected. We absolutely missed that forecast. And so that is what we are getting back at now, is not only forecasting better but executing better.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, there's a little bit of an expansion of space and some of these competitors are gaining some space. We've had limited losses of actual space. What's happening is a couple of years ago, the retailers were moving very much to managing SKUs and concentrating. What we're seeing, at least in our category, and I can't speak to other categories, is more fragmentation. So rather than a strategy that looked like it was going to be strong national brand, limited regional competitors and a strong private label, it looks like that what's happened over the last year, year and a half, has been more of those regional competitors gaining some traction that they have lost about 4 years ago. We're responding really aggressively to that because it's not helping the overall growth or the profitability in the category for the retailer. And that's the story we're telling.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, we're exploring a number of different alternatives like that. We already offer a number of different price points, but we are exploring both on the premium and on the value what the right way to respond is.
Alan D. Wilson: No. We saw some weakness in some of our diversified businesses, and we're addressing those as well. But as you well know, the bulk of our profitability and our sales comes from the core categories, and that's where the majority of our emphasis is going to be.
Alan D. Wilson: Yes, our innovation platform in Europe has been more robust and more successful. Another part of the growth in Europe comes from our dessert business there, which we don't participate very much in here, but it really is down to a more successful innovation platform.
Alan D. Wilson: I wouldn't say the relationship has changed but it is 2 separate purchases. The branded tends to be a very traditional consumer packaged goods sale. The private label offering, which is again a part of our category management story, is -- and the reason we're in that business is to help the retailer get the right mix of products to maximize sales and profits. I would say that in a lot of cases, the retailers are separating those buys and private label is more of a bid process. But our category story hasn't changed. Our relationship really hasn't changed but some retailers have been more aggressive at bidding those kinds of products as opposed to the branded businesses.
Alan D. Wilson: I'd like to thank everybody for your questions and participating in today's call. We hope you'll be able to join us at CAGNY on February 19, whether you're there in person or by webcast, to learn more about our outlook for flavor and how we're going to capitalize on our growth. At McCormick, we have 125-year of heritage of innovation, collaboration and commitment to this business that's at the foundation of our global leadership in flavor. With a passion for flavor, we continue to drive growth and position our business for future success. Thank you.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, I wouldn't say, Chris, there's any -- you can get slightly out of balance relative to what you just described with the pass-through mechanisms. But I'd say, in general, they're pretty much in line.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, the pension benefit we mentioned was a $15 million reduction to the 2014 pension compared to the 2013 pension expense. We didn't get specific about the accretion from the acquisition. In the initial model that we provided at the time of the acquisition, we said about $0.03 in 2014. As you heard in Alan's comments, we're tracking quite well against that.
Gordon M. Stetz: Relative to our total inventories, it's not a really huge material item. So we -- it's not typically something we break out separately.
Gordon M. Stetz: It certainly was a big factor. I would -- yes, certainly, it's relative to the expectation on the sales growth line. You can see it did not come in relative to the expectation which guided that rate. So that certainly was a big impact.
Gordon M. Stetz: That's one of the factors. And I also mentioned there's some legislative changes that were passed in December in France that are negatively impacting us on that rate. Part of that is the retro. There's a retro nature to it that will impact Q1, so that's why we're guiding to the upper end of that range in Q1. And then obviously, business mix and some of the lack of discrete items.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, as we indicated, we're at this right now, and as Alan indicated, but we are within our guidance, reflecting time for this to build and have the impact that we expect as we progress through the year. It's not an immediate turn-on that's built into that forecast. We've talked about a bit of a slower start in the U.S. So we're being cautious, but we're being certainly positive and aggressive in how we're pursuing this.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes, clearly, we continue to pursue our emerging markets strategy in that we've identified China and India and Eastern Europe as key target markets. To Alan's point, it's difficult to forecast these things because you don't know when these relationships turn into an actual process and a deal. But likewise, the bolt-ons that we continue to look at within the developed markets, we're pursuing those as well. So to the extent we find complementary businesses that we think fit quite well on our strength in flavorings and sensory and food, we'll continue to pursue those. So it's difficult to be precise because we don't know which one is going to hit first. But I can tell you we're actively engaged in finding those targets that have helped us grow over the time -- over previous years.
Gordon M. Stetz: Tax rates are a very difficult thing to forecast because, obviously, it's kind of the last thing on the P&L and it all relates to your assumptions surrounding business mix, tax jurisdictions, and then you're also trying to anticipate legislative impacts. And, as you know, it's a very aggressive world we live in. You're also trying to monitor and manage risk profiles as it relates to audits that are occurring all around the world constantly now. So all I can tell you is based on the information we're looking at right now and based on what we know in the legislative environment, that's our best estimate based on the mix of earnings and the forecast. Will it change? As we progress through the year and we see how our businesses perform, it certainly could change. Things that are not assumed in there, for instance, is the R&D tax credit in the U.S. We're, in that rate, not assuming that, that gets reinstituted. But if Congress passes that, that certainly could be a favorability that we didn't anticipate. But at this time, it's not passed, so our rate reflects it. It's those types of items that make it difficult to forecast. But at this stage, it's the best estimate we've got.
Gordon M. Stetz: We look at our outlook for the year. And based on the mix of earnings and the legislative environment, it's an add-up of our best estimate. Clearly, in this fourth quarter, the U.S. business didn't come in as expected. So it clearly had an impact on the rate, and that was one of the factors that we experienced.
Gordon M. Stetz: Yes. The only thing I would add is it didn't all occur in 2013. 2012 fourth quarter also. So I wouldn't say all of that rebuild occurred because of 2013. These things occur gradually over time. So year-to-year, over time, we've been below target for 2 straight years. And now we're trying to build back to target.
Gordon M. Stetz: Well, it's a variable component based on performance. So it kind of pays for itself depending on the performance. So if we perform really well, we could build it back in 1 year. So it'll just be a function of the variable performance of the business.
