Brendan Foley: Thank you, Mike. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I would like to provide some additional comments. First, I would like to say, I am truly honored and excited about the opportunity to lead this great company with its rich and very promising future. Global demand for flavor remains the foundation of our sales growth and we have intentionally focused on great, fast growing categories. Our alignment with long-term consumer trends, healthy and flavorful cooking, increased digital engagement, trusted brands and purpose minded practices continues to create a tailwind for growth. McCormick is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this demand for great flavor. With the breadth and reach of our strong global flavor portfolio, we are delivering flavor experiences for every meal occasion. We are the global leader in flavor from end-to-end for our consumers and our customers. As we look ahead to the back half of the year, we will continue to focus on capitalizing on strong demand, optimizing our cost structure and positioning McCormick to deliver sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value. We have compelling growth plans in place, including building momentum with our new products and heat platform and are delivering on our commitment to increasing our profit realization. We are confident with successful execution of our plans and concrete actions, we will realize the profitable growth reflected in our updated 2023 financial outlook. The strength of our business model, the value of our products and capabilities and execution of our proven strategies further bolsters our confidence in our growth trajectory in both segments, particularly as the environment begins to normalize. Remaining relentless with our focus on growth, performance and people combined with the compounding impact of our continued growth investments and alignment with consumer trends underscores McCormick's position to deliver long-term differentiated growth. Our fundamentals remain strong and we expect to continue to not only deliver strong sales growth, but also drive total shareholder return at an industry leading pace. Importantly, I'd like to personally thank Lawrence for his mentorship and continued service to McCormick. On behalf of shareholders and employees, I want to recognize his outstanding leadership as CEO of this great company. Lawrence has been a transformational leader for McCormick, bringing our global flavor platform to life through his entrepreneurial spirit, innovated thinking, and growth oriented vision for company. During his time as CEO, we have grown sales over 50% and market capitalization more than doubled, creating significant shareholder value. We have prioritized investing to drive future growth, increase our profit realization, improved cash flow from operations and have returned more than $2.5 million to shareholders. Lawrence is widely credited with embedding purpose led performance into McCormick's culture by championing the company's industry-leading sustainability efforts, driving a period of tremendous growth, performance, and expansion, including acquisitions of iconic brands like Frank's RedHot, French's, Cholula, as well as FONA, and successfully leading McCormick through the unprecedented global pandemic. This is an enviable track record, congratulations, and we look forward to your continued support as Executive Chairman. Now for your questions.
Brendan Foley: Just to build on that from a regional perspective, Andrew. In the Americas, yes, we're performing pretty much as planned. I think you have to look at sort of volume and price together when we take a look at the profile. But we're showing sequential improvement across the portfolio, and that's been fairly consistent, sort of, month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter so far. And we also need to recognize that in the second quarter result, it does include, kind of, the exit of this DSD business, which when you take that out, I think it kind of underscores the warrants is kind of broader view of what we think is going to kind of unfold in the back half. But it is broadly an improvement versus the first. China, we think we're going to have a strong recovery. Also, pretty confident in that, although it's a little bit less than just kind of a more gradual recovery than what we initially had planned for. So that's probably a little bit different than what we had been thinking about previously. But nevertheless, it is still a strong recovery. And I would say, in EMEA, we're pretty pleased with the performance on volume. And when you factor out the elements of Russia exit or overall, the underlying volume and mix when you exclude that was really actually pretty nice. So we're pleased to see that we have some volume growth despite those things in the EMEA region. On to the whole idea of this just to provide more color on this DSD exit, I would say that this is a business that we've been trying to kind of improve over time. And what we see from it is that this is -- the DSD portion that we delivered to store, we also have a warehouse and distribution delivery that we would handle. And that was a business that just simply wasn't profitable, and we decided we need to exit, but it was a meaningful chunk, I think, out of the second quarter, about 2 points. So as we transition away from that business, it will probably be an impact for the rest of the year, but something that we have planned for.
Brendan Foley: Ken, thanks for the question. We're not experiencing anything unusual or significant trade inventory destocking. Honestly, there's really how much drama in the quarter for us on this. The difference between our sales and consumption was more attributable to just the retail sell-through of the discontinued items, and the point I just made regarding DSD is an example of that. But also, we have higher listing fees this quarter just due to the fact that we're launching more new products. And so I think you see that in lot of our dialogue in terms of Cholula or Grill Mates items for grilling or at Tabitha brown line, so we definitely had that. But as we anticipated, our alignment between consumption and shipments is normalizing. There's not really anything unusual going on in this quarter.
Brendan Foley: Hey, Ken, on the Flavor Solutions side of our business in EMEA, definitely, it's been softer than what we would have expected, I think, mostly because we're just seeing a slowing of consumer demand from our customers. And that would be both, sort of, food and beverage and -- but I would say, it's most coming through the quick-serve restaurant customer channel. And that -- we think it's really more of a reflection of what we see happening and what's being reported, I think, in terms of overall inflationary impact in EMEA, specifically Europe. But definitely, as we kind of noted in the remarks leading into the call here, that is something that is probably more affecting our overall volume rate in the EMEA region.
Brendan Foley: Thanks for the question, Peter. We're off to a really good start on grilling for this summer season, and we definitely saw that as a good start in Q2. A lot of it's really driven by just -- if you think about we have a solid innovation plan, I think, for the grilling season, we're launching some new grilling items. Plus we're also in just really much healthier supply on mustard and Frank's RedHot. And these are areas in Lawry’s marinades, where if we look at last year and before that, certainly we're coming on top of now a period of where we just have really full supply, assured supply for our customers, and we're turning back on normal promotional activity on the business. So we feel like all of those things put together, innovation, supply, getting back to the way you want to run a season on grilling, we have a really good start to the year. And as we look at it kind of from a share standpoint, we really probably performed quite well kicking off in the second quarter. So all those things come together, I think, for a great start to the summer season.
Brendan Foley: Well, Alexia, thank you for the question on TDPs and overall distribution. First of all, I'd like to say, we continue to make really good progress year-to-date. And as we look at our performance and our trends and all the different metrics we might look at, we're happy to see that come through as a positive, especially in the second quarter. And we do expect to see continued progress as we go into the back half. We have some significant improvements that we know will start to come online just because as customers reset their shelves, and those things start to happen. A lot of the wins that we get through category management and all of that really important effort we put forth in terms of help the retailer guide the category. We know that there's going to be some helpful improvements coming through on that as we go to the back half. I'm reluctant to kind of quantify all that as we think about that into the back half of ‘23 and all the way into ‘24. But this is an effort, as we've said before, that we're going to continue to be working on over the course of not only this year, but also next year. And as we look at overall distribution, we know that we're not going to get all of that back in terms of rough points, because almost half of that was discontinuations originally. So we feel really good about our progress right now on an overall distribution points, and it should continue to improve as we go through ‘23 and also in ‘24.
Brendan Foley: Steve, thanks for the question. As it relates to our Flavor Solutions business, when we look at overall, our volume mix profile on it, taking into account, sort of, the exit discussions that we've already had and other impacts, we think our volume profile right now reflects, kind of, the categories that we choose to really focus in on like performance nutrition and seasonings and health and nutrition. These are areas that we still see a lot of healthy growth in and those have been intentionally, kind of, area of growth and focus for us. And so I don't know that we're -- and I won't be able to comment specifically on any particular customer activity, but we believe our volume profile, kind of, reflects more of that composition of our business. And I'm not sure that we're seeing any broad restocking discussions that we have with customers at this point in time.
Brendan Foley: Yes. Just like we've seen in our current trends, Max, the sequential sales unit, and volume improvement across the portfolio and even specifically within spices and extracts in Americas, we do think that reflects, kind of, those long-term tailwinds of our categories, but also our growth plans. So we continue to invest in brand marketing, really focused category management and innovation. And that allows us to kind of focus on those volumes and that sustainable growth, and also get that compounding effect of those investments. So yes, I do expect that profile to improve as we go through the back half. As you called out, reasonably the improvement in TDP, we should also then start to see an improvement overall as we think about dollar share. And so that is a reasonable thing I think to look out for. What is driving our performance right now and we think will, as we continue moving forward, is increased distribution, brand marketing, category management and innovation, and we also see a similar trend on this in Europe. So these are areas that we continue to put a lot of focus up against. And I would say our outlook is -- as everyone has said so far this morning, I guess, I'm going to say it, too. Everything is moving in the right direction. So we feel that same way about our external performance off shelf.
Brendan Foley: I think, first of all, it's important to call out that our base case has been for the Consumer to be under pressure in 2023, and we expect that to kind of continue. And although broadly speaking, the Consumer has held up better-than-expected. Yet, there is still pressure out there. Having said that, though, as we look at our own price elasticities and performance off shelf, it remains pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter, most recently. And so we're not seeing a big deviation from where we've been. And in fact, I would say we had a retail price increase come through in early April, and we still see very consistent trends with regard to price elasticity. We don't see any examples right now of it yet or planning to getting worse. But then also, I'm not sure that we're indicating so far that it's getting measurably better. But these are consistent trends that we're planning on for the rest of the year, because we are still on our base case of a pressured Consumer.
Brendan Foley: Well, I think in terms of -- did we see a sequential improvement or any sequential changes as we went through the quarter? No, I would say that, largely, as we observed, kind of, the performance in the quarter in China, the one thing that was obvious is they're dealing with higher unemployment. And Consumer spending isn't as robust as maybe many and all of us were planning on, yet still being a strong rebound, but we weren't seeing any sort of different performance throughout the quarter, I would say, it was pretty much consistent. And our view, once we saw the quarter open up, it sort of held that way throughout the end of the second quarter. I think your question though -- in the back half of your question, maybe you meant on sort of how we're thinking about the third quarter. And recall last year though, that was a big rebound period in recovery with China in the third quarter. So we don't expect that same level of recovery in the third quarter this year just, because we're comparing up against that. But we expect those same trends to kind of flow through into the third quarter. And then again, when we get to the fourth, it's going to be different yet again. So we're going to be comparing against a very challenging period with respect to COVID lockdowns, et cetera. And so that is likely to feel more like the second quarter.
Brendan Foley: Well, I mean, I think we have to acknowledge that there has been some trade down to private label, especially more recently. And -- but also, it has moderated, especially I think in our own categories, as we see more pricing on shelf coming from private label. Those gaps narrow, and so therefore, sort of, the unit growth and trends, sort of, decelerate and we're seeing our own unit trends show sequential improvement. But going back to sort of the idea of research and what consumers are telling us and what we're -- we keep finding and it keeps you reinforced with consumer feedback is they're looking for value, not necessarily the cheapest path of smaller items. And we do see consistently consumers do prefer brands. And a lot of what we've been trying to do when we think about just the mix between private label and brand recall, we're also in the private label business with our customers. So we see a role for private label in our categories. And so we are obviously supported from a category management standpoint that both provide a range of offerings for the consumer. Right now, we are pushing a lot on value. We're really focused on the growth of our line sizes. We're seeing consumer shift there more and more as they look for that greater value, and it's definitely showing through in our trends. But it's not dilutive to us or to the retailer. We're not seeing as many signs of trade down right now as maybe we saw during sort of the hype of this inflationary period that we've been going through. If I were to go back to over several years, a little bit harder to comment on category by category, but we typically see this happen during inflationary or recessionary times for private label. It certainly seems to -- appears to gain share. But then again, we're not hitting sort of the highs that are different from what we've seen in previous periods. So that's our perspective on it, but we are certainly, kind of, have our foot in both parts of the category.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Andrew, thank you very much for that as well. I'm glad you mentioned that McCormick does this very well. McCormick pride ourselves of leadership development and succession planning, and the Board and I have been very thoughtful and deliberate in a multiyear process to get us at this point. Over the last few years, I've had a chance to partner with Brendan of many of our key initiatives, and his disciplined approach to delivering growth are leading the qualities you've come to expect McCormick bank of an ideal CEO for this company going forward. With the appointment to President last year, we were signaling this. And we have given all of you on this call and off this call, an opportunity to get to know Brendan and see his qualities first hand.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I'll say that, first of all, we are confident in our outlook for the back half of the year. There's a lot that's exciting within the business, and we're pleased with our execution so far this year. The biggest part of the year still is in front of us. Third and fourth quarter are two largest quarters of the year. And so while we are optimistic, we also want to be prudent about what is still in front of us. There are some puts and takes in the business overall. Our recovery in China has been a bit slower than we expected, and we have factored that into our guidance. Whereas, for the most part, everything else is moving in the right direction, and we're quite positive. So we're not trying to signal anything. We did want to reflect the fact that we have had strong performance year-to-date and the increase in our guidance and to reflect -- reflecting that strong performance, but we also didn't want to get ahead of our -- get over the tips of our skis.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'm going to say a few words about that, and I'm going to let Brendan pick it up. But as we have been saying all along, we expect our volume performance to improve as we go through the year and to be stronger in the second-half versus the first-half. And that outlook has not changed. Given that we have slightly softer volumes in China in our outlook, we have a little bit less contribution from that part of the business. But in the second-half, overall, as a company, we're expecting volumes to be very close to flat. Call it, plus or minus 1% and maybe we're talking about numbers that are really not meaningful and well within the range of forecast there.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I'll underscore that our service levels have been pretty solid for quite a while now. So retailers have had plenty of time to adjust their stock levels and so on. So this actually seems like something over the past 1.5 years has already occurred for us.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And that it was actually contemplated in our plans for the beginning of the year. Maybe for customer relations reasons, we couldn't be specific about that, but that is not a surprise to us.
Lawrence Kurzius: I mean, we're quite optimistic with continued gross margin improvement and operating profit margin improvement as we go through the year and going forward.
Lawrence Kurzius: Peter, you know, I'm not sure that we -- I know that you've got some interest in the DSD exit, so I just want to spend a second with you and elaborate on that. This is a range of very -- there are a lot of units, but they're very low value. We're talking to sell a bag spices and dried peppers in settle bags that largely moved through unscanned channels, and we've had a DSD business in that, that we've banged our head against for a long time and we've chosen as part of optimizing our portfolio, improving the profit performance to exit that part of the business, we still sell those same brands through the warehouse to major customers where -- because of the difference in the distribution channel, the margins are attractive and worth -- and the business is worth staying in. But the DSD portion of it was just not a moneymaker. It's a lot of units, but not a lot of value.
Lawrence Kurzius: And Alexia, as I said on our last quarterly call, we have a tremendous amount of innovation. And on top of that, the restoration of our U.S. Everyday spice line starting to hit the market in Q2 and building through the second-half of the year. All of those hands on the shelf give us opportunities to get a more advantageous set and to get a greater amount of distribution on the shelf. We have a number of major customer wins that we talked about in the first quarter that are actually going on shelf in Q3, which should further build on TDP. So we're pretty confident continue to see improvement in those areas we have through the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll also agree that a lot of customer wins and believe we're gaining share in this space, and so that is a positive contributor for us as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I will just add to that, just if I can step it up to the total company level, it's hard not to be excited about the 280 basis point expansion in operating margin that we had this quarter. We're really moving in the right direction in both of our segments in a big way. And we’ve all seen that we raised OP guidance for the year, it's a long time, on the back of that margin improvement. And we're very pleased and -- we're pleased with our progress in this area.
Lawrence Kurzius: And I don't want to miss that there are big -- as noted, I don't want anyone to miss it. And we've got share gains in Europe, we've got share gains in -- I don't know if you guys mentioned it, in Australia and Asia. And we have share gains in our other categories, the spices, and seasonings, certainly in the U.S. is certainly an important area of focus and justifiable. So we're confident that we're going to get there. We're following the same playbook, as we've said at CAGNY, that we did for recipe mixes and believe that we're going to get to the same with that.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. And I want to be sure we're differentiating -- because your question, actually, I'm confused a little bit. Our gross margin in our underlying business is always higher in third and fourth quarter. That's a mix of the business, and that's the natural state. I think you're asking -- it sounds like you might be asking about that. We're expecting that relationship still holds, and we are expecting to continue to have improvement versus prior year in both those quarters as well.
Lawrence Kurzius: I would say though that there's a good, solid sustained demand from the Consumer. And as you take that with the -- I think, really robust and compelling growth plans that we've got in the second-half, we're -- we've a good reason to believe that we're going to continue to see volume improvement in our U.S. business specifically as we go through the year.
Lawrence Kurzius: And we just actually had our China management team here in the office a couple of days ago, and we spent quite a lot of time with them talking about the roller coaster ride that they have been on as the economy reopened, lockdown, reopened, lockdown, reopen. And that creates a lot of noise in the year-to-year comparison. We all -- the question about how robust the recovery in China was going to be? It's really strong. I don't want anyone on the call to think otherwise. Our question all along has been is the recovery going to -- is the performance going to -- is the growth is going to start with a two or three or four? Right now, it looks like a three, not a four. And -- but -- so we have actually tempered our -- not just captured it in our results today, but we've also tempered our outlook a little bit for China that is considered in our guidance, I would say it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you. Well, before we end, I'd like to let all of you in the analyst and investor community know, I have appreciated the opportunity to tell you about McCormick, our great company, and for the insights and the perspective you've provided me, which helped shape our strategies and clarify our messaging. You have all really helped me be a better CEO. Whether you have a buy, a hold or sell on us and whether you've even held our shares, our many interactions have been transparent, constructive, and always mutually respectful. I want to thank you all, and I'm confident McCormick is well positioned for continued success with our alignment to consumer trends, the breadth and reach of our portfolio, as well as our strategic growth investments. We have a strong foundation for sustainable growth and remain committed to driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Mike Smith: I think too, just to add a little color on the volume there. About one-third of that decrease in volume is due to the exit of that private label, the two service lines. So again, another portfolio optimization.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean, for the year, Peter, as you know, we did raise our guidance on gross margin, 25 basis points to 75 basis points to 50 basis points to 100 basis points. So we reflected some of the increased pricing realization we talked about in the call. We're really, really doing well in our GOE program and realizing those savings and those ramp up in the second-half. The thing about the second quarter, that 300 basis point improvement, second quarter last year was our worst performance of the year. You'll see improvements in the back half and basis points versus last year, but they won't be as big as the 300 we had in the second quarter.
Mike Smith: I mean, based on the mix of our business, generally, the back half does have higher margins, especially in the fourth quarter. Our implied guidance has high of almost 90 basis points improvement, lows 0s, so you get a little bit of a squeeze factor there. But if we continue to have success, and again, we see that ramp up in the second-half. China is going to have a really strong recovery in Q4, that's a positive for us. We have scale over there and have good margins.
Mike Smith: And then with our brand marketing, we're going to be mid-single-digit increase in the second half. A lot of that's going to go into the third quarter that are willing to support those plans.
Mike Smith: Okay. Let me think about that. So you're referring to -- we have dual running costs in our EMEA region, due to our new large facility over there. I feel -- I think, I'm pretty sure I said in the last call, we're around $20 million for this year, which is about the same as last year. We're still going to have some cost next year, because it's going to go into the first and second quarter, the transition, because these are large manufacturing facilities. So if I were winging it, I'd say half of that is going to go away, but I'm going to be off, depending on the exact timing.
Mike Smith: A lot of our growth in flavor solutions comes from innovations too. And those are the things that really drive volume and margin in Flavor Solutions.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean I'd say, one, we're very pleased with our margin progress. As we stated on the call, a lot of -- everything is moving in the right direction, the GOE program, portfolio optimization, things like that are helping both the Consumer and Flavor Solutions side. Like I said in the last call, pre-pandemic, we were -- our Flavor Solutions margins were a little over 14%. We don't look at that as a ceiling, however. Longer term, with portfolio migration, we think we will go higher. Short term-wise, we have strong belief we'll get back to 14%. It's not going to be this year, but we're going to see sequential improvement. And quarter-to-quarter, there will be lumpiness based on run cost and good running cost, things like that. So -- but we had a really good second quarter. It was an easy comp, compared to Q2 of last year, but we're pretty bullish on Flavor Solutions' recovery.
Mike Smith: Yes. I mean what you have to remember, Max, is when you're pricing to cover costs over a multi-year time you're going to have a large dilution impact just due to the math. And we said before, I mean, that has been a large headwind last year, but I think we quantified in the 200 basis point to 300 basis point range as the margin line. We haven't talked about it much this year, but we're still having some of that. We will get that back over time as we said, through our CCI programs, more normal cost inflation in the future. So it's hard to compare the four years ago to gross margin at this point, but a lot of that is dilution, but we see an upward trajectory as we see in the second quarter. That's the important thing. What makes me really excited is even with over -- we're catching up on the pricing we've under recovered the last two years. Even with that, that is a negative dilution impact. Even with that, we're showing gross margin impact, a positive based on the GOE program or the CCI programs. So that really gives us confidence going forward.
Mike Smith: Yes. Like we said last call on SG&A, I mean, on incentive bill back, it's mostly in the second-half. But the second quarter, if you remember back to the second quarter of last year, it was really difficult quarter, as I mentioned before. So we were obviously making adjustments to incentive comp there. So some of that did come through in Q2, but the majority of it is second-half back loaded. As far as gross margin, I think -- just at a very high level, I mean, we talked a lot about gross margin on this call. We're optimistic, but prudent. I mean we've got a lot of things that are -- we're putting points on the board in the GOE program. Pricing -- I'd say pricing realization is going to be highest in the first quarter and second quarter it's going to ramp down. So that's a little bit of that. And we're still having low to mid-teen cost inflation that we haven't moved on, so that's coming down. But at the end of the day, from a gross margin perspective, we're going to show improvement. And again, we're being prudent.
Mike Smith: The gross margin change in the first-half, we were favorable, up 113 basis points to last year. The second-half guidance implies 40 basis point to 50 basis point improvement at the midpoint. So we're showing improvement. Remember that second quarter last year, we had a really positive 300-some basis points increase in Q2. So that's a bit of why it's over 100 basis points in the first-half. But 50 basis points improvement, we're happy with that.
Mike Smith: Yes. So maybe in summary, Q3 is a tough comparison on China, because it's a strong recovery last year. Q4 is an easier comparison because they were locked down in the fourth quarter last year.
