Alan Wilson: Sure, there is a couple of things going on there. To first reiterate, we’ve made no changes in list prices in our U.S. business. We increased prices at the end of 2013 and in 2014 we've made no changes in list prices. So a couple of things were happening, one is, what we've seen is that more of our promotional spend in 2014 ended up in the second half of the year. The second is, there is a sizable controlled label which is an extreme value product which we've had in the market with one customer for a long period of time that was pretty heavily promoted in the second half of the year and it shows up as a McCormick brand and it is a brand that we own in the data and so that is driving some of it. And then in another case we actually took the number of units in our recipe inspirations from six spices in the line to three and reduced the price of that offering, so there is a good bit going on there. We don't plan any price increases at this point in our U.S. consumer business. We're dealing with some commodity inflation with our cost reduction activities and as you saw being more aggressive on that, but we expect to see more stable pricing in our U.S. business. Now we are taking pricing in our industrial businesses to help offset some of the commodity increases and in some of the other markets but in our U.S. business our plan is to hold pricing more stable.
Alan Wilson: A couple of things in the U.S. business we did see a better momentum in the second half of the year than we had in the first half to the year and that's a combination of getting traction with some of our category management efforts as well as some of the new products kicking in which we're pleased to see. We actually grew share in recipe mixes that's driving some of the momentum there. And then the number of our markets around the world in France for instance we grew share both in spices and seasonings, as well as in desserts, and so we're pleased with the momentum we have there. UK is a little bit of a tougher competitive market and in China even without the acquisition that acquisition far exceeded expectations but our consumer business in China has continued to grow at double-digit, so we feel pretty good about that. The key effort and the thing that we have to do in order to make this plan is really to get core growth in our U.S. business and in spices and seasonings and that's where a lot of the effort is in this year both in terms of category management as well as innovation.
Alan Wilson: I didn't say versus our plan, I said versus the actuals certainly we're -- we believe we have got a lot of work to do still in our U.S. business and we're encouraged by what we saw in the second half but we still believe we've got a lot of work to do.
Alan Wilson: I wouldn't say we've seen and actually what we've seen in the recent periods is that private label has actually declined a bit and the traction has come from some of the smaller brands but really small brands. And I would say that we're continuing to tell that story, I don’t have a number in terms of is it -- and we are now at 70% of ACV, but what I would say is we’re continuing to gain traction with the story to get sharper price points on the shelf, again that sharper price points not because we’ve taken reduction, but because we’ve applied trade promotions more tactically and because we’re working with the customers to make sure we have the right mix of pricing on the shelf. We’re continuing to see the category fragment, there is lots of competition and we’re continuing to work to build our share of shelf along with our share of voice in advertising.
Alan Wilson: Yes, it was a specific retailer strategy that implemented and we’re working with them on making sure that we’re maximizing the category.
Alan Wilson: Now it's going to be pretty balance between the industrial and consumer segments and given the fact that we’re not taking it in the U.S., you’ll see pricing elsewhere in the world and the other markets on the consumer side.
Alan Wilson: No, we expect - we’re going to continue part of our promotion is volume driven and so that of what you saw a little bit was a reduction in volume versus expectation, so we didn’t get the volume hit, so we didn’t take the spending. But we’re not expecting a change in how we balance it. In fact what we’re trying to do is drive more efficient promotion spending than we have.
Alan Wilson: No, there is still work to do on the shelf and some of it is driven by the fact that there is an awful lot of value priced product. That isn’t necessarily doing anything for the category, it’s creating more fragmentation and so what we want to do is make sure that we are telling the story that we’re giving consumers what they are looking for and that we’re getting our absolute price points to the level that makes the most sense.
Alan Wilson: No, I would say that we do have a very active pipeline and we're working hard as we always do on acquisitions just like we always have when we don't have an acquisition eminent, we will continue our share buyback and if it's a small acquisition we will continue it but if it's a larger one we may curtail it for a bit, but we're not signaling anything at all with that, we've got some very attractive acquisition candidates that we're continuing to work on.
Alan Wilson: Well it's more around what drives the elasticity of our volumes. And so typically what we've been able to do is pass-through the commodity inflation but because we've seen such extreme volatility and especially with pepper that’s the one drives McCormick more than anything else, over the last five years it's up by a factor of five. And so we feel like we're getting to a price point where it's pretty stretched and so we're looking at other tools to try to offset that and it's largely behind our cost reduction at this point. Now we don't think that we aren't going to be able to take pricing forever and ever but where we're at this point with the category and the competition is we feel like it's prudent that we're not taking pricing at this point.
Alan Wilson: We're getting products off this -- not just in the spice set but into other parts of the store where we have found competition and I will ask Lawrence to kind of weigh in a little bit on this.
Alan Wilson: Some of it’s just timing and our programs and our selling proposition is really different in the fourth quarter than it is the rest of the year because it's so promotionally driven and making sure that we have the holiday execution. And so we’re back in with that whole category management discussion. Now the push back hasn’t been aggressive because we’ve a pretty rational story to tell, it's more as Lawrence said getting the category managers to understand where things are eroding in other departments not necessarily their cost centers.
Alan Wilson: We did not provide any gross margin targets and the incremental marketing target is at least a 5% increase year-over-year.
Alan Wilson: Sure, we recognize the opportunity that lies there, I mean some of the drivers on the line in general is our global scale which adds complexity and we have joint ventures below the line which require management resources. So those are factors we do want to remind people that require management resources and don’t end up in a percentage in net sales because it's all below the line. But having said that, we continue to look at how we can become more efficient as well as effective through a faster streamlining of our decisions and more consolidation of back offices. In the more recent activities you are well aware of what we talked about for our European organization last year that is part of the guidance that we have this year as we continue into a shared service environment there, as well as more recently announced North American actions that align more effectively under the structure that we have now which again results in efficiencies in our decision making there. So it's a balancing act to make sure that we are being aggressive on that line, but at the same time we are growing categories and we want to make sure we’re putting proper resources behind the growth that these categories enjoy.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we’re building our supply chain capabilities there, we’ve introduced some of the value-added products and we’re seeing those getting traction in the marketplace. Obviously, we’d like to see progress faster, but we’re doing the things that we laid out when we made the acquisition and feel like we can see a positive path forward…
Alan Wilson: Sorry somehow our phone disconnected, so I am not sure how much of my answer you got. What I was saying you is we believe that India is a long-term investment and a long-term growth engine for McCormick. We’d like to see progress faster but we've done the things that we laid out in the acquisition which is moving the more value-added products, getting our supply chain and our supply base in good order to be able to grow the business and service the customers but we're not pleased with the progress and we believe that we can do better there.
Alan Wilson: No, we're concerned as well and that's why we're taking the actions that we are and we feel like we're doing a lot of the right kinds of things, we're driving innovation, we're talking to customers, we're talking to consumers and so we take this very seriously. We're in a growing category and through history we've always been the driver of growth in the category and we expect that we're going to do that. But we're not happy with the performance that we've had the last couple of years and we're doing things differently.
Alan Wilson: What we really do is focus on what we need to do in the current year and as you know it's been pretty volatile. And as we think about where we're very long-term, we believe that this business should generate that kind of growth. We should be able to do the sales growth that we talk about with an acquisition or with a steady stream of acquisitions. Our acquisition record over the last couple of years has not been as consistent, so we've had -- the acquisitions we've made have been good but we haven't done one every year as our long-term guidance would suggest. The second thing is we've had so much volatility over the last five years in cost. As I said earlier pepper is up 500% basically in the last five years and so we've had to deal with a lot of volatility. And then the other pieces are the ups and downs of things like pension expense and those sorts of things. What we're really focused on is making sure that we're running the businesses the right way that we're driving the category and driving growth to be able to perform that way. So we do discuss the long-term goals, we lay out plans that we believe will hit it and then we adjust year-on-year based on what's actually happening in our, both our cost structure and with our customers. I will say the two changes that I think you are seeing for McCormick right now is we're being more aggressive on cost because we recognize we have to do that and secondly we're being aggressive in the marketplace with our customers. And in terms of bringing them ideas and bringing them lots of programs to help drive growth in the business.
Alan Wilson: Yes, the selling proposition is a couple, one is, either an ethnic brand that will appeal to a different customer. I was in stores this weekend and walking through and I saw a Caribbean brand, I saw more of a Southern ethnic style brand, I saw Hispanic brands, I saw things that had meat rings that are for the ring goes to the meat department as opposed to the core category. So there is a lot of those sorts of things that people are using as selling propositions. Typically the velocity of those individual SKUs or even of those brands is much lower than what we see at McCormick and so that’s a big part of our category story is to the trade you don’t necessarily need all this fragmentation. There is certainly some, there is a value consumer, there is a premium consumer and then there is a consumer who is looking for things in the middle, we serve all those needs and so what we’re trying to help them with is, understanding the impact on their inventory levels and the velocity of what is actually happening in the category. So, we are telling that store, but there is a lot of different stories as to why brands are finding their way into the market.
Alan Wilson: And we are doing some of that kind of thing, as for instance with our bag brand, seven of the 10 that grew share in the last period were bagged spices. We have a bag brand with our Mojave Foods line and so we are using some of those as well as these controlled value players to as fighter brands to some of those. So there is a strategy there, but it’s not unique to the spice and seasonings category, we’re seeing it across food.
Alan Wilson: Since there is no further questions, I want to thank everybody who participated in today’s call. Consumer demand for flavor remains strong, our geographic presence and our product portfolio are aligned with the move towards healthy eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisines and bold tastes. We’re investing in marketing and innovation to drive sales and in a competitive environment working with our customers to win at retail. We’re stepping up our cost reduction activities and plan to use these savings to offset higher costs and invest in our brands. In 2015, we expect to deliver solid sales growth, higher profits and strong cash flow. We look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress in the upcoming quarters.
Gordon Stetz: The only thing I would add Rob, this is Gordon is in the discussion we talked about healthy category growth rate. So it's not even necessarily true that we’ve got to have large market share gains, we just need to continue to grow with category growth rates and we hit those numbers.
Gordon Stetz: And I’d just point out for fiscal year '14 the advertising component of the increase was the vast majority. We were up 15 million year-on-year on an advertising basis. So a lot of the activity is still continuing to drive innovation in the brand equity.
Gordon Stetz: No, we pretty much around the advertising campaigns that we’re planned, we execute it against those to Alan’s point some of the more volume-related promotional events fell out of the quarter, but the advertising programs were left intact.
Gordon Stetz: Well just to remind the Group of 80% of our cost of goods sold is raw and packaging, so it's an overwhelming factor as we -- relates to our overall cost structure. So the mid single-digit really is the driver on our margin. There will be obviously some benefit in freight rates we classify that more down in SG&A but it's not going to material enough to really offset what approximates $100 million increase in our raw material cost. So I wouldn't -- and that's why we're leaning heavily into our old CCI programs to try and help offset all this.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, as we said in the remarks, we’re very pleased with the progress we made in the U.S. consumer business but it was not up to the expectation we had in thinking when we gave you the guidance at the end of Q3. And obviously that’s a big profit generator in Q4 and as a result that was one of the main factors impacting the results versus what we were guiding to.
