Joyce Brooks: Good morning. This is Joyce Brooks, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining today's call for a discussion of McCormick's second quarter financial results and our current outlook for 2015. We started a bit early to coordinate with the General Mills’ call at 8:30 AM. To accompany our call, we posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow our remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. With me this morning are Alan Wilson, Chairman and CEO; Lawrence Kurzius, Chief Operating Officer and President; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO and Mike Smith, Senior Vice President Corporate Finance. During our remarks, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These include adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as information in constant currency. A reconciliation to the GAAP results is included in this morning's press release and slides. As a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statements also provide information on risk factors that could affect our financial results. It's now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce Brooks: I think what we ought to do, since we are coming up on the hour is, I’d like to turn it over to Alan for closing remarks and we will welcome any further questions. We will take those off-line. 
Joyce Brooks: Thanks, Alan. Thanks everyone for joining us today. For any additional question, please give us a call at 410-771-7244. That concludes this morning’s call.
Lawrence Kurzius: Thank you, Alan, and good morning everyone. As Alan indicated we delivered constant currency sales growth for both our consumer and industrial businesses with particularly good performance in several markets this quarter.  Let’s start with the consumer business. Across our entire consumer business, although we reported a sales decline of 3%, in constant currency we achieved a 3% increase. I will comment first on the strong results in certain international markets, then turn to the US market for more detailed remarks.  China led our consumer business sales growth again this quarter with a double-digit increase in constant currency. We had strong demand for McCormick brand herbs and spices, condiments, and seasoning blends driven by our brand building activities, geographic expansion and great in-store execution. We also grew sales with the introduction of a McCormick brand product into Central China, part of our sale synergies from our Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments acquisition.  In Europe, Middle East and Africa, EMEA, economic and retail conditions remained challenging in parts of the region. However in constant currency we had strong volume driven sales growth this period particularly in France, Poland and Russia.  In France, we’re benefiting from our brand marketing and have expanded to grow brand sales through the discount retailer. Distribution gains were also a primary sales growth driver for our business in Poland and Russia. And in Australia, consumer sales in constant currency rose at a double-digit rate this period from new distribution and product innovation.  Before moving to the Americas, let’s take a look at our lineup of new products for the second half in our EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions on Slide 7. One of our global initiatives is grilling. In EMEA we’re building out our barbecue products in the UK, France, Poland and other markets with dry seasonings and wet marinades and sauces. And in France, Belgium, Spain and Portugal recognizing the popularity of burgers we are introducing restaurant quality burger seasonings in wet and dry sachets. Our Airplane gelatin in Australia is an iconic brand with 90% category share and we’re continuing to grow sales with new flavor varieties. Also in this market we will be leveraging the authenticity of our [Keene’s] [ph] brand into curry recipe bases.  Let’s turn to the Americas. In this region we’re making further progress improving the performance of our US consumer business. Consumer interest in flavor, simple and healthy ingredients and cooking with fresh products continues to drive strong category growth for spices and seasonings as seen in the latest consumption data with category sales up 5% in the quarter. The same data shows that sales of our McCormick brand spices and seasonings rose 1%. This is an improvement compared to a 1% decline in the past 52 weeks. We are definitely heading in the right direction.  For recipe mixes, our next largest category we continued to gain share. In this latest quarter, the increase of 50 basis points marked the 20th consecutive month of share gain. We are achieving this through innovation as well as effective marketing for both new products and core items.  Within the subsegment of Taco seasoning mixes, we increased share of our McCormick brand 3 percentage points in the last 52 weeks and our share of Chili seasoning mixes is up 4 percentage points. We grew share of Zatarain’s 5% this quarter versus the year ago period. Zatarain’s rice mixes are outpacing the category growth rate and consumption of our frozen entrées rose 4%.  Across all of our US brands we are driving growth through accelerating innovation, building brand equity and through our category leadership at retail.  On the innovation front, I will comment on two of our recent launches. I am pleased to report that in less than one year our McCormick Skillet Sauces have exceeded a 10% share in this growing category driven by the retail placement we’ve gained and our marketing support. The relaunch of our gourmet line began early in 2015 with greater variety of Flavor Sealed technology that locks in flavor, color and aroma and a packaging that has a more premium fresh appearance.  In this subsegment of the spice and seasoning category nearly 80% of retail distribution points are now converted to the new packaging and we’ve seen base consumption trends for McCormick gourmet strengthened with consumption up 4% in the second quarter. This gourmet initiative has also helped us expand the number of McCormick brand SKUs on the shelf with existing customers, gain distribution of new customers and at other customers reduce the number of competitive brands they carry. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Hi Ken, this is Lawrence. I will take this question if you don’t mind. We do participate in the e-commerce sector in China but I'll tell you for us it’s still developing segment of the market, or developing channel just like it is for everyone else. The big difference I think in our business in China for our consumer segment is that we’re a lot less dependent on the modern trade than many of our peer companies. With the acquisition of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments, we got a strong foothold in the central part of China, great penetration in the more traditional segment of the market and we’re experiencing really broad-based growth on both our McCormick brand and on our acquired brands across China. We recognize that there has been some slowdown in economic growth in China but our categories continue to do well and our brands in particular had really broad-based growth in this quarter, and we don't really see any change in that trend.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes, David, this is Lawrence, if I can just add to those comments. We’ve really been out in front of CAGNY in 2014 where really we were stepped up and said that we had lost some share in both of our core growth platforms in the US to some smaller competitors and put in place some initiatives to tackle that. I think we did a lot of the heavy lifting last year and we are really actually pleased with our sales progress in both the first quarter and the second quarter of this year. We are not gaining share yet in spices and seasonings. We are in recipe mixes and really have turned that around quite strongly, and in portions of our spices and seasonings business, we are seeing some great progress. Our gourmet relaunch, which is a part of turning around our spices and seasonings category growth is generating great early results. We are really winning the grilling season this year and we are confident that we will do more than just stabilize our share in this segment but that will return to share growth and will be driver of the category in the US. We won’t be satisfied with our results ourselves until we do.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think that we thought about our pricing and really our thinking on pricing has evolved as our understanding of this issue has matured with the greater analytics capability. So when we spoke about this at CAGNY in 2014 our focus was on price gaps versus private libel and versus key competitors and having conversations with retailers about those price gaps with the aim of narrowing them either by reducing the prices on McCormick or frankly by raising the price on some competitive items that were irrationally priced, in some cases below the retailers private label. But as we've gone through 2014 and we’ve developed greater understanding of the pricing dynamics we came to realize that the price gaps actually mattered less than the absolute price points on about a dozen key items. So our initiative this year has been focused more on managing the absolute price points on those key items and it does not involve additional pricing action or promotional activity on our part. It's really at the way we allocate the promotional spending that we're already doing with the customers to direct it to the most productive place.  And then finally I think in my prepared remarks I mentioned a comprehensive category management tool and this is really the next step in our evolution on this to have an even stronger analytic capability that allows us to understand and model the cross-elasticity of the entire category to optimize it for the retailer.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey Rob, this is Lawrence. I think what you are referring to is actually not private label but it’s a controlled brand that is a McCormick brand that we sell them. They’ve had a big – that’s had a pretty big impact on us in the first part of the year but we do see as they lap the activity that started really last year, that is backing off considerably.
Lawrence Kurzius: Eric, on our China industrial business, the growth that we are experiencing there partly reflects a recovery of the quick service restaurants and partly reflects gain in share that we’ve achieved with those same customers. So while the limited time offers are important, there is a steady stream of innovation that these customers are doing, that cycles through our business continuously. I’d say the key underlying trend this year has been a recovery in the quick service restaurant themselves and a gain in our share with those customers.  End of Q&A
Gordon Stetz: We're looking for sequential improvements in the gross profit margin and it's going to be a combination of CCI, which will be obviously continuing to progress as we go through the year, the pricing actions primarily on the industrial side of the business which as you know those pricing mechanisms get readjusted periodically based on the commodity basket. So those will continue to readjust periodically throughout the year, and then obviously our fourth quarter tends to be more heavily weighted to our consumer business so you'll get some benefit of business mix as we approach the fourth quarter. 
Gordon Stetz: Hi Alexia, it’s Gordon. Again what we’re expecting the raw material cost pressures as we mentioned in the conference call has been a factor primarily well across both businesses. The consumer business savings are starting to ramp up as we progress through the year. So those benefits we anticipate to be more heavily weighted to the back half of the year. The operating margins are also being impacted by our brand marketing expenses. So as we mentioned in the call we do have some increase in our brand marketing expenses. Some of this is going to be particularly weighted to Q3 and then finally we’re looking just for the continued consistency of growth and volume to leverage our scale. So again by the fourth quarter anticipating -- our guidance anticipates a good fourth quarter for our consumer business, particularly in the US consumer business. So with the combination of CCI, scale and the timing of our brand marketing we expect good margin performance by the fourth quarter. 
Gordon Stetz: We really haven't taken any pricing in the US consumer business there but we do expect a different mix as we’re selling more branded items and less of the value item.
Gordon Stetz: We mentioned about $1 million related to the consumer acquisitions that is already absorbed in those guidance numbers. 
Gordon Stetz: Yes, I'll really point to -- and this is specific to Europe. It's a continuation of the journey of shared service structures and leveraging scale where we have opportunities to do that. You mentioned a couple of charges, the first charge was primarily our first truly shared service opportunity which we went to Poland with and it was focused primarily in the financial end of things. The current activities are again related to an extension potentially of other activities into those, into the same shared service center. So it's broadening shared service. It's the same journey we've gone on here in the US. The North American initiative that we took more recently was again more of an extension of shared service activity into our North American shared service and also in both cases it's looking at span of control, faster decision-making and how we can delayer decision-making to be more responsive in a very, very competitive market.  We do these things very very analytically and thoughtfully. To say that we would never do anything again would be probably a misstatement but at the same time we have to execute what we've already discussed and as a result, we need to get done the charges that we already announced this year and execute against those programs. 
Gordon Stetz: We expect gross margin -- as we talked about the impact of raw material costs this year, we said it would hurt us earlier in the year. We're forecasting mid single digit material cost inflation and the CCI -- that was hitting us right away in the beginning part of the year. The CCI was going to take some time for us to help offset that. So our expectation is as we progress through the year, gross margin will have a sequential improvement such that by year-end we should see gross margin improvement year on year. So we've got improvement in Q2 versus Q3. We anticipate further sequential -- I'm sorry Q2 versus Q1, we expect further improvement in Q3 versus Q2 and then again, improvement in the fourth quarter. So it's a function of the timing of raw material costs and the timing of our CCI. 
Gordon Stetz: The price realization is the same and CCI savings is the same. It’s a tweak on the business mix candidly and the offset was obviously in the favorability of the SG&A. But there's -- we were up slightly, now we are comparable. It’s not what I would call a major change to our full year guidance. But the terms of the fundamentals of how we see this playing out that has not changed. 
Gordon Stetz: It's pretty neutral based on acquisition integration costs and the transaction costs that we've already mentioned. 
Alan Wilson: We are obviously very focused on stabilizing and growing share. Our intention is to actually be the driver of growth in our categories. We are seeing share improvement and have for 20 consecutive months in our recipe mixes. We're seeing it in some of our other brands like Zatarain's where we're seeing share improvement and we're seeing share improvement in some of our other markets. So our core focus is on the US consumer business where the core spices and seasonings represent a little less than 15% of our total company sales. So I want to keep it in perspective but we are very focused on regaining and driving share in those core items. We think the things that we're doing like working on the pricing of the high price sensitive items at retail is a good mix. We're helping our retailers in understanding the importance in the profitability of the category and that McCormick drives that profitability. So we feel like we're doing a lot of the right things but it is going to take some time. 
Alan Wilson: Sure. We are still seeing a bifurcated consumer with some level of growth in premium and our gourmet brand is an example of that and niche categories. So there is some growth. We are seeing some recovery in food service with people eating out. So we are seeing some of those lower gas prices find their way in. On the other hand, there is a vast number of consumers who are still stressed economically and so we are competing in the value segment to try capture that.  In China, as Lawrence said, there has been some slowdown in economic activity. We’re encouraged because we’re still – we’re pretty broad-based, we’re in the traditional trade, we have our presence in the modern trade and we’re participating in the emerging and fast-growing e-commerce. But we're still long-term believers in China. We continue to make investments there and are bullish on our prospects. 
Alan Wilson: Actually the ACV, the large displays is about half its level of the peak. So we're still going to see some year-on-year comparison but it is greatly reduced from its peak. 
Alan Wilson: Let me take the industrial question first or the acquisition questions first and I'll have Lawrence talk about China industrial. We always analyze for deals what the competitive overlap is going to be. We know that we need to be in parts of the categories that are growing faster and we see opportunities for this in this case and in the case of barbecue sauces, we saw very little competitive overlap and we saw the opportunity for us to really participate in more of the premium and higher priced part of the category that's growing. And so it's a brand that has no high fructose corn syrup and has carved out a very nice free firm all of the stuff that consumers don't seem to want right now. So that one fits very well for us and we see some other opportunities like that that don't impact or overlap with our critical customers. So we've expanded our horizons in terms of the kinds of acquisitions that we're considering. And I'll have Lawrence talk about China industrial. 
Alan Wilson: Sure. Great, thanks for all your questions and participating in the call today. Consumer demand for flavour is rising and driving demand for our products. Our geographic presence and product portfolio are expanding and in line with the move towards healthier eating, fresh ingredients, ethnic cuisine and bold taste. And we’re driving growth through innovation, marketing and acquisitions. In 2015, we are seeing the benefits of our stepped-up cost reduction activity and we’ll continue to pursue ways to improve our productivity and profit as we grow the topline. We look forward to reporting you on our continued progress in the upcoming quarters and we hope everybody goes out and grills on the 4th July weekend. Have a great weekend. 
