Mike Smith: Andrew, I'll start. And if Lawrence has anything -- I mean year to date, we're really happy with our performance of 3% constant currency growth. And once you start looking at the math, if we would have kept our guidance at the original 3% to 5%, we would have to grow sales growth almost 9%. So we tightened the range a bit on those sales and operating profit. We have some -- you talked about EMEA weather in the third quarter. That's not going to be recovered. There's a few things like that, that happened. But 3% to 4%, we still feel like that's really good net sales performance, and we do see the underlying strength in Americas consumer continuing, which we talked about on the last call.
Mike Smith: No, we haven't quantified it, Ken. We've talked about it, I think, pretty much every quarter. But we're not going to quantify that. Every year...
Mike Smith: Well, I'd say -- this is Mike. It's really not related to special charges at all. We have underlying CCI program which continues to accelerate during the year. However, we have really good product mix and category mix. The brands that did really well such as French's and Frank's, our core business have very high margins. So I think you're getting a bit of product mix, I know you're getting a bit of product mix in there as well.
Mike Smith: It was timing of new promotions and things like that. You saw year to date roughly 5% in Americas, so good strong performance through the first half. So good underlying performance still and strong demand.
Mike Smith: We haven't specifically called that out. We know it's a tailwind to us in the fourth quarter, assuming those things don't have, but we knew there's always trade deloading and things like that happen during the year, about 100 basis points. But we haven't quantified the bounce back, but it should be positive to growth and margin.
Mike Smith: No, I think what -- no, that's a good question. What you're saying -- we've said at the beginning of the year cost inflation was low single digits, and we have taken specific pricing in markets. What you're seeing, in some of the markets, such as EMEA or even in the Americas a bit. As we've talked a lot about new products on this call, as you see. As they roll out, there are some promotional activities to drive them, so that has a bit of a negative on price, but we have taken pricing this year. And so we've gotten that through, and we're actually talking to customers now about pricing for next year as some of the tariffs and things become more solid. So we're in those discussions right now.
Mike Smith: I mean based on our math, Steve, we're implying about 2% to 5%, so somewhere in the middle there, which is a bit up versus the first three quarters. But we talked about before some of the tailwinds go into the fourth quarter. And that's reported by the way. So continuing strength, as we saw in this quarter and a little bit of acceleration with flavor solutions in the fourth quarter, as Lawrence just discussed.
Mike Smith: Well, definitely EMEA weather. That was not. Back in June, we weren't thinking that it was going to be that hot it impact consumption. I mean the warehouse transition that Lawrence talked about did impact a bit, but I wouldn't call it one big thing specifically.
Mike Smith: Yes. And even our underlying guidance implied, reported is 5.5% to 9% almost, so it's good underlying operating profit performance still.
Mike Smith: Yes. I think if you kind of step back and think about the progress we've made over the past four, five years, I mean, we've increased, and this is both organic and acquisition based, about 500 basis points in the operating profit line. I mean this year has been a little lumpy. We're up in one quarter, even in another quarter and down in this quarter. Some of the discrete items that happened this quarter really around some really negative FX trends that hit EMEA primarily versus what we were thinking back in June...
Mike Smith: Which goes through transactional, goes through the cost of goods sold as you reevaluate your balance sheet, so we see those, I mean those are risks that you always have based on world economies and things like that. But we continue to look at taking our portfolio to a higher-margin business. Some of the other things that hit us this year that hopefully will turn next year, you think about APZ where a lot of -- we talked about our flavor solutions business with limited-time offers.I mean with some of the economies in China and APZ, they really shifted away from limited-time offers and we make higher-margin business to more base business which is lower margin. So that was some of the challenges we've had this year that hopefully, as economies and companies realize they need to drive LTOs to drive consumer traffic, will reverse.
Mike Smith: Look, I mean, we'll talk about that more at our earnings, when we give guidance in January. But we have had some ERP expenses, as Lawrence alluded to. Last call, we said mostly second and third quarter. There's been a little bit of a shift out into the fourth quarter from the expense perspective. But we do see 2020, that's where a lot of our big go-lives are going to be, so there will be a significant step up in ERP. But we'll give you more clarity in January.
Lawrence Kurzius: No. Andrew, this is Lawrence. There was really, I mean, we really ship to consumption in the third quarter and would expect to ship to consumption again going into the fourth quarter. We signaled that we'd have, on our last call that we'd have an acceleration as we went to the second half of the year, and so we're starting to see that read through in our consumer business.So we feel very confident in our results, in our outlook for the fourth quarter. One of the reasons that the third quarter might have looked stronger on our shipments than in, I think, some of the scanner data, which was actually pretty good, is that, again, unmeasured channels were really strong for us. And so that was a bit of a benefit in the third quarter. But that's been a consistent thing, where that group of customers has been growing faster than the general market.But in terms of whether there was any kind of unusual inventory activity or any kind of pull forward, that wasn't the case. If you look at last year third quarter, we grew about 4% in Americas consumer, so roughly about the same. Actually, we feel really good about the third quarter because it's up against a pretty tough comparison a year ago.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. So I think the comparison between us and some of our peer companies might just be the mix of markets that we're in. We're cautious about China. We just had a great quarter in China, but we are aware of the volatile environment that we're in. The consumer results that we've had in China have been pretty good. We had a slow start to the year. We expected a strong second half there as well, and we're experiencing it.So I'd say that with our international business, if there was an area that was slow for us over the third quarter, it was -- EMEA was a little slow, and that was strictly related to the tremendous heat wave that impacted cooking, and that's where a lot of our consumer products are used. So we don't see anything general in the emerging markets. With that said, we're not taking it for granted. We're one tweet away from more volatility.
Lawrence Kurzius: I'll say on acquisitions. So we don't want to get overly granular in the discussion of acquisitions. But as we've shared previously as we've deleveraged and you just heard from Mike that we finished Q3 at 3.7 and you know we're going into our highest cash time of the year, so some additional deleveraging would happen as we go through the fourth quarter. We've got very clear line of sight to getting to the 3.0 target that we set for the end of 2020 early.And as a result, it's just time to start considering -- we've got more financial flexibility now than we had a year ago, and it's time to look at new things. And I'd say that, as you noted, the RB Foods acquisition did skew us more to the Americas than we were, and it also skewed us a bit more to the consumer business than we were pre-acquisition. And we would hope to, over time, balance that.
Lawrence Kurzius: I think, if anything, there may have even been some operating cost headwinds related to our ERP program that would have run through both segments.
Lawrence Kurzius: It's not a customer. This is just broad-based ebb and flow in the business. I mean there is some customer concentration, but I wouldn't read into this any particular new customer...
Lawrence Kurzius: Yes. The change in the guidance for the full year reflects more that we've only got one quarter to go and we've got three in the bag and we know where we are. And the high end of the old range, the previous high end of the range implied a number that you guys would laugh at.
Lawrence Kurzius: Right. As far as looking ahead, I'd say that our -- I think that we've got a balanced view of our risks and our opportunity. That narrowed range does include all organic growth, and it's primarily volume and mix. So it's pretty strong versus peers, and we understand that.Now we've got a lot of reasons to be confident that we can deliver that. And the kind of surprise will be something that we just, would be something that we don't know. I think if there was a surprise anywhere, maybe it might be more on the cost side than on the sales side, where there could be some issue. It's possible that we have a little bit more ERP expense in the fourth quarter than we've been guiding...
Lawrence Kurzius: Than we had in the third quarter, but I think we would take that in stride, and if that were the case, we would certainly highlight it.
Lawrence Kurzius: Good point. We've got a pretty good idea of customer performance for the holidays. It's all pretty well lined up.
Lawrence Kurzius: We continue to believe that, over time, we have significant runway for margin improvement in our flavor solutions segment.
Lawrence Kurzius: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating in today's call. McCormick is a global leader in flavor, and we're differentiated by the broad and advantaged portfolio, which continues to drive growth. We have a growing and profitable business and operate in an environment that is changing in an ever faster pace.We are responding readily to changes in the industry with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we continue to perform strong globally and build shareholder value. I'm pleased with the strength of our year-to-date results, and as we enter the last quarter of our fiscal year, I'm confident in our fiscal year outlook and are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2019.
