Alan Wilson: Yes. What we see from time-to-time in Asia is our large customers there focus on new product innovation to bring people into the stores, and when they do that, we tend to win because we win more than our share of those briefs and get those products. When they focus on core items like they did in first quarter, we see more of a steady kind of normalized product mix, which is not quite as profitable as new products and, certainly, doesn't have the growth profile of those limited time offers and new product innovation. This tends to run in cycles. If you ask our customers and our folks there, you would say, it's probably going to be a year that's more focused on the core than it is on product innovation. But as we see, that usually impacts their store volume, and when their store volume gets weaker, they tend to start promoting and innovating again. And so we're not overly concerned about it. We do think through the year that we'll get back to product innovation and promotions there that will continue to drive the business.
Alan Wilson: Yes, what we saw in the quarter for private label in the U.S. market, at least, is private label gained a little volume share, held pretty flat in terms of volume share. And what we saw both here and as well as in the U.K., a lag in the pass-through of the price increases specific to private label, while the brand did go up in a lot of outlets. So we did see that bit of a gap. Our sales of private label, because we passed on the same $0.10 per pound increase as we did on the brand, will flow through. We'll certainly start to see that in the second and third quarters. So we're not overly concerned with the price gaps going forward. We are seeing the short-term impact of that. Our sales of private label were actually still down a little bit from last year.
Alan Wilson: Yes, I would say, as we've gone through this first quarter, what we've seen is some pretty aggressive competitive activity in the U.K. specifically. And we think it's important that we hold our own there and respond to that. We are, as one of our tactics, accelerating our new product innovation. We had some plans for later in the year that we're pulling forward. We think that is important and will help drive the brand. In France, we are very encouraged by what we're seeing in both our Spice and our Dessert business and are less concerned there about the price promotion. But you raise a good point. We think, over time, the competitive impact will be less, and our competition there tends to be larger well-organized companies, and so they tend to be more rational. It doesn't change the fact though that it is going to continue to be a tough environment for the foreseeable future, specifically with the retail trade there.
Alan Wilson: Yes. The things that we have in place -- I think there's three things that we'd point to. One is the first quarter is depressed because of the buy in. That's the factor that you pointed out. The second is we have a later Easter this year. And so last year, we would have seen a lot of the Easter sales in the first quarter. This year, we'll see it a little later. And then the other impact of that is pricing realization. Through the first quarter in a number of our markets, we're in the process of implementing pricing. That's now largely in place, and we see that as also helpful for the rest of the year, specifically in our Industrial business, where you saw very little price impact in the first quarter. The other thing is we've got a broad range of new products that we're launching, as well as new distribution that will be coming online as we go through the rest of the year, and we're very encouraged by what we see there. And that's why we gave the original guidance that we did. And then in addition to that, we've got a number of merchandising initiatives in Europe, which we think will have an impact. It doesn't change the fact that we are looking hard at consumer behavior and looking to continue to drive our share growth. But we have a lot of things that we think will help us through the rest of the year.
Alan Wilson: Not necessarily, but Industrial pricing is going to be higher than Consumer pricing, but we're fully expecting with the new distribution gains, as well as the new product activity and then the shift of the first quarter sales into later quarters that Consumer should hold its own. We're not expecting a shift in our business mix.
Alan Wilson: Nothing specific that I can talk about at this point other than what we referred to at CAGNY. But we certainly see some increases in the drug channel as well as some dollar channel increases that we've started to take on now.
Alan Wilson: Yes, the system that we have is allowing us to use more technology to predict what our demand and our safety stock needs to be as opposed to a lot of human intervention. We, certainly, we're driving our sales and operations planning process with a lot of input from our sales and marketing teams, but we're using more data to try to predict that. So we're very encouraged by what we see there.
Alan Wilson: Yes, it's pretty early to see the impact of price increase because it was rolling throughout the quarter in various markets and customers. What we did see is that the brand prices were taken up pretty quickly as they started to hit, and the private label prices have lagged a bit. And it's pretty tough to read the short-term data. We would say that in all channels in the quarter, we actually grew share a little bit in dollars and held our own in units. Private label grew share a little bit in units and stayed steady in dollars. So we just haven't seen that pricing impacted fully implemented across the board yet or fully implemented at shelf.
Gordon Stetz: Well, we certainly want to keep pointing to the fact that we have good exposure to the emerging market portfolio. So it really is a sales-driven event when we talk about improved profit growth. So it relates to the fact that now we have a joint venture presence in India. We talked about the other markets that you saw in that chart that we shared at CAGNY. So it's our confidence around the growth profile of those markets. The only caveat I'll just point out, which we did talk about in our remarks, is the pressure in our markets in our joint venture in Mexico, which we expect to start to experience pressure from soybean oil costs as we head into the second quarter.
Gordon Stetz: It is partially phasing. We do expect to experience those cost increases more severely as we progress through the year. We also pointed out that in the prior year, we had a favorable comparison, which included the recall costs last year of about $5 million that we didn't experience this year. And to your question regarding the percentage of CCI, it is heavily weighted towards cost of goods sold. I'd say about 85% of the CCI savings would be in the cost of goods line, and that's part of the reason we're able to offset these costs and not have pricing offset them more fully.
Gordon Stetz: No, they're generally more evenly phased. We have a pipeline active throughout the year that we're constantly implementing. So they tend to be more evenly phased in terms of when we implement these projects. I will say because our profits do skew more heavily into the fourth quarter, some of the savings may also end up being bigger in that quarter just by virtue of the volume being bigger that quarter.
Gordon Stetz: We generally don't predict the euro. It's obviously a difficult thing to do. But when we give our guidance, we base it on current exchange rates, and that's what we were forecasting as the 1% benefit from FX. At current rates, we would get a 1% benefit for FX the remainder of the year.
