Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to provide an update on our business, review McCormick's third quarter financial results, and share our latest 2010 outlook. We have posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our Website, ir.mccormick.com. In the room with me are Alan Wilson, Chairman, President and CEO; Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Alan will begin with the business update, followed by Gordon who will review our financial results and outlook. After that we look forward to discussing your questions. As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In addition, certain information that we will present today are not GAAP measures. This includes information which excludes the impact of a significant tax accrual reversal recorded in the third quarter of 2010 and restructuring charges recorded in 2009. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this latest press release and in the presentation slides for our call. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce Brooks: Yes, this is something unusual. This is something we usually measure toward the end of the year, and we reported that Q1 in January.
Joyce Brooks: I would like to thank everyone for participating in today's discussion. Through our teleservice, you may access a telephone replay of today's call by dialing 877-660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309 and the ID number is 354090. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding today's information, please give me at 410-771-7344. This concludes our call.
Gordon Stetz: As we indicated in our last call, we had some pressures on a number of commodity items; pepper being one, garlic, some packaging items. So the impact of those we are expecting to start to feel into the fourth quarter and that's coloring our outlook as we look into how we perform this quarter.
Gordon Stetz: I guess the best way to describe it Alex would be, there was not one particular item that I can point to as the increase. We mentioned a number of things; we had an SAP implementation in China particular. We talked about the upward pressure on raw material items. So there's not one item that I could point to in particular. So as a combination it's spread pretty evenly across all those events.
Gordon Stetz: It's a bit too early. We'll certainly be able to provide you with all of that guidance in January, but it's a bit too early for us. And obviously with the uncertainty around a lot of the tax legislation, it's difficult call to make at this moment.
Gordon Stetz: We haven't shared any of those metrics, but I'll say it certainly has been rising as you've heard across through other industries. And it is certainly something that we take into our outlook as we give guidance into the fourth quarter.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, that's the way how we try to optimize. We optimize through route management, that's our primary vehicle.
Gordon Stetz: Well, our CCI program, Comprehensive Continues Improvement has really geared it all back. And a lot of the $45 million in savings we're projecting this year is a combination of supply chain as well as product sourcing and SG&A savings. We have a very similar effort and a pipeline of projects that are built against next year as well. As you may recall, we shared $150 million savings objective in our Analyst Meeting this year. We are well on track to hit that over the next couple of years. And it's a big part of our algorithm. It's very much about reducing our cost. Reinvesting that money back into the business to help grow sales, and that's been our algorithm for quite a while.
Gordon Stetz: Well, there are still some things to think about there, because as commodities go up, and we pass those through, we'll recover the dollars, but we won't necessarily recover the margin. That's kind of the impact we saw in 2008 and 2009. Part of the margin increase we're seeing now is we're passing through lower costs, but we're also not passing margin down. So we're seeing a little bit of help in margin in that. I would say that we're happy with the progress on margin so far in our industrial business. And we certainly feel good about the fact that we've got momentum that will continue to build as we improve the mix of that business and focus on more and more value-added products and as we continue to manage our costs. So I'd say, we're not setting a new goal out there, but we're real happy with where we're at.
Gordon Stetz: Obviously, the sales and margin mix would probably be the two biggest factors, Mitch. And this being our largest fourth quarter, this is the quarter where those two factors can be very significant.
Gordon Stetz: That's more where we're seeing a lot more energy in product innovation and acceptance by retailers to get back to growth than necessarily where we were. And I'm comparing it to where it was a year ago, where there wasn't as much receptivity of new products. And now I'm seeing actually as much a pull from retailers for new products, at least in the categories where we're servicing.
Gordon Stetz: There's certainly a lot of discussion on making sure the price points are right on new products. And we're conscious of that as well. There is certainly a push. When you have something that's new to the world, the consumer doesn't necessarily have a basis of comparison. Our Recipe Inspiration is a great example of that where if you look at it on a per ounce for the spices, its fairly significant, but if you look at it on an absolute price point versus buying five or seven bottles of spice, it's a real value to the consumer. So it's a way of making sure you're delivering value, and taking the opportunity to improve margins along the way. The ringbacks are pretty good.
Alan Wilson: I think it was a reflection of increased promotion in private label and more of a reflection that in the quarter we were not promoting as heavily. And what I'll say is as we head into fourth quarter, we're back to similar levels that we had last year in the fourth quarter with both coupon activity and price promotion.
Alan Wilson: Yes, that's correct. What we're seeing or what we've done in the third quarter, as you recall last year we were very heavy on coupon activity in the quarter. We dialed back that and focused more of our spending against TV advertising for things like grilling and recipe inspirations. And so that's a result that was a conscious effort in the fourth quarter again, because it's such an important part of our sales for the year we're back to a level that's more like what we did last year.
Alan Wilson: We feel really good about our pipeline both in the products that we're supplying from a consumer standpoint and the product that we're supplying to other consumer manufacturers. I think it is a mixed bag out there, but we're hearing from a lot of retailers that in order to grow they need innovation. In fact recent discussions that we've had with some of our large customers are that they really want to see more innovation, because that's how you get a growth. Certainly, you've got to get the product mix and the price points right for it to be successful with consumers. And that is certainly a factor and I think we're still a bit in a mode where you want to make sure that what you do, you do right. And it's not just throwing a whole bunch of stuff out there to see what works. I think there's still a lot of scrutiny. But I think we're kind of coming out of the mode where everybody kind of hunkered down and focused on small stuff. And are more working on a new product innovation. I think it's healthy for the business, it's healthy for the retailers, and it's certainly good for consumers.
Alan Wilson: Without getting into specifics on the customer, when we typically replace competitors products, our customers see good growth in sales. And I would say, we're not projecting what the customer's are going to do, but we're seeing results from those markets that we're pretty happy with.
Alan Wilson: We're guiding to a 32% underlying rate, which excludes a number of the discrete items that are holding that year-to-date breakdown of 30%. So we're saying, if the underlying rate is going to continue to be 32% absent for any of those discrete items.
Alan Wilson: We're not getting too much into next year. Over the last couple of years, we have really increased the percentage of spend against things like social media and reaching consumers in different ways. And we're going to continue to beat that up. We're active on all the networks like Facebook and Twitter, and reaching directly to one-on-one with consumers. In terms of how we're also dealing that with our retailers, we're working with them and making sure that our products for future and recipe, so before the consumer gets to the store they're thinking about our products. And so it's a combination of reaching directly to consumers with our marketing efforts and working with customers on shopper marketing to make sure that our brands are preferred. In terms of direct sales to consumers through the internet, that's not something that we're aggressively doing. Certainly in areas where certain products aren't available, we make those available on the internet but it's not a heavy emphasis for us internally. I think I'm getting of what you're asking.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we've got an iPhone app that's active now. With recipes, we've done the same thing in Europe with our Schwartz brand and with some kind of fun things. So when you shake your iPhone on the Schwarz app you get different recipes that pop up. So we're doing a number of those kinds of things to try to reach consumers.
Alan Wilson: We have a transportation management system that helps us optimize our routes. And as we're working with our customers on making sure that we're doing everything we can to minimize those increases, certainly as things change we consistently look at our network to make sure that we're doing it as effectively and efficiently as possible. But just like in some of our commodity costs we are seeing some transportation costs go up.
Alan Wilson: We're holding that guidance. Obviously our fourth quarter is our biggest and most important quarter of the year. We feel very positive about our plans for the fourth quarter. Obviously we've got to execute those. But we're bullish on our fourth quarter.
Alan Wilson: Pricing is something that we give a lot of thought before we raise it again, because as somebody pointed out earlier those price gaps between the brand and private label are very important to us. What we've seen in, it's really a read to consumer reaction on pepper. We just announced and implemented the increase over the last couple of weeks. But we take that very carefully to make sure that we understand the tradeoff between recovering cost by raising prices and the impact on volume. And as we're looking at what we're going to do over the next year, we're considering all those things. What we have to do to recover cost. Offset obviously by our savings programs and then the impact that we'll get on volume and then the investment we'll need to make in advertising and promotion to keep the consumers coming. So it's something that we very tightly consider. We were successful in getting the pepper price increase through. And we're going to watch certainly volumes, it's something that we're really sensitive to.
Alan Wilson: As I said earlier, it's a combination of factors as we've described. It's partially that, it's certainly the raw material cost pressure. It's securing supply for the fourth quarter. A little bit of it quite frankly, if we could have been better on our own forecasting, and so that's where our teams are focused. We're making investments. We've got profit fees. Our VP of supply chain is all over this. So it's an area of focus. And as we shared with everyone during the investor conference, this is the area we look for over the next two to three years for improvement and our performance to give us the next level of improvement on our cash conversion cycle.
Alan Wilson: Just keeping that in perspective, generally what everybody is looking at is a very small portion of our overall sales. The scanner data that you're talking about covers only spices and herbs and people have ignored our share gains in dry season mixes. You are only looking at about half the store population in the U.S. because it doesn't cover warehouse clubs, dollar stores mass market like Wal-Mart and others. And it doesn't include all the sales that we had to Hispanic stores or Zatarain's Products and so it's capturing a smaller portion of that. Now we're not happy about share losses in any channel. And our teams are working aggressively to make sure that we both continue to grow our share in the grocery channel and that we drive sales and volume through that. Because that's something that we are very, very sensitive to. But again, I don't want to put too much emphasis on what represents a smaller percentage of our sales as we look at those. But we certainly look at it and monitor it and take actions to correct it when we see downturns.
Alan Wilson: It's hard for me to say what's in that Nielsen database. We're in our (light house) and we have a custom database that captures the McCormick branded products which include Lawry's Old Bay, Lawry's and Zatarain's and all those sorts of things. So it's hard for me to calibrate what we're seeing in Nielsen. I think directionally, what you saw was correct in those channels but it missed so much of the rest of the product mix and customer mix that it's indicative of a trend. But it's not necessarily indicative of what's happening.
Alan Wilson: We are going to look at opportunities to do that. Again, we want a balanced measure of our spinning. And want to make sure that our spins are all efficient. And as you can figure now, we're two months away from the end of the year, and most of our plans are pretty well locked an loaded.
Alan Wilson: There is a bit of a lag effect with how we pass-through commodities in the industrial business, because it's based on the coverage and the positions that we have. So what we're seeing right now is the impact, at least in this quarter, the impact of diary costs that were reduced versus this time last year, and it's based on the positions that we work with our customers to take and pass-through. I think over time, as commodity costs go up you'll start to see the pricing impact of that as we pass those through.
Alan Wilson: I would say, as a trend, new product activity to consumer manufacturers is up versus this time last year. But if I look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we had some new product introductions in quick service last year that have now lapped a year. And so there's an awful lot of moving parts in the pipeline. So I'd hate to give you a bad number based on that but just in general, our new product activity with consumer manufacturers is really strong when you see the pipeline for quick service. But so far this year, I think our quick food service was a little stronger last year.
Alan Wilson: Sales softer and the mix of the overall business, both in the products and in the overall portfolio is not quite as strong, and likewise, on the upper end we had stronger sales and a better mix in the whole portfolio.
Alan Wilson: I think we kind of calculated it based on preparing this call. We think it's something around 10%. It's a little more than that but not a lot more.
Alan Wilson: And I would also think that within that effort, it's probably, they would want you to have somewhat let's say stealth kind of mix/price improvement as to what's coming on to their shelf. I mean, what's the value to them putting out new products if they are even lower priced, which again would kind of lead to deflation which is what they don't want.
Alan Wilson: We don't really want to comment on any potential acquisitions out there at this point. Certainly, anything that's available in our space would be something that we'd be interested in having a look at.
