Joyce Brooks: Good morning to everyone on today's call and to those joining us by webcast. The purpose of our call is to review McCormick's fourth quarter financial results, 2010 accomplishments and 2011 outlook. In the room with me are Alan Wilson, Chairman President and CEO; and Gordon Stetz, Executive Vice President and CFO. Paul Beard who has participated in many past calls is not with us today due to his recent appointment as President Asia/Pacific. I know you join me in wishing him continued success in his new role. We’ve posted a set of slides to accompany today's call at our website ir.mccormick.com.  As a reminder, our presentation today contains projections and other forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors. Please refer to our slides in this morning's press release for more information concerning forward-looking statements. In addition, certain information that we will present today are non-GAAP financial measures. This includes information which excludes the impact of a significant tax accrual reversal recorded in the third quarter of 2010 and restructuring charges recorded in 2009. We present this non-GAAP information for comparative purposes alongside the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in this morning's press release and in the presentation slides for our call.  It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Alan.
Joyce Brooks: And as you see on Slide 27, it's really a combination of the pricing and our CCI savings, both together that are going to offset that or project it to offset that cost inflation.
Joyce Brooks: Well, thank you for participating in today's call. Through February 2, you may access a telephone replay of the call by dialing (877) 660-6853. The account number for the replay is 309 and the ID number is 361216. You can also listen to a replay on our website later today. If anyone has additional questions regarding the information we shared today, please give me a call at (410) 771-7244. This concludes our call.
Alan Wilson: The way we look at it, first I'll answer the first question, we are seeing increased activity in innovation, both driven by our customers, both our food service customers as well as our food manufacturer customers, and we are certainly stepping up our innovation activity. There's a recognition clearly across the industry that we have to innovate to grow. And I'd say the one question mark on that is the impact of increased pricing and whether that will impact our customers' willingness to really go forward with a lot of the innovation as planned. But I’ll say the activity really is picked up. We generate about 8% of sales from products that have been introduced in the last three years and that's been a fairly consistent number year-to-year. It ranges between about 8% to 10%.
Alan Wilson: Yes, without commenting specifically on specific customers, we already sell a variety of sizes of spices at different price points as you all know. We cover everything from economy products all the way through to gourmet, and certainly what we saw last year was a recovery in more of the higher-end stuff, the gourmet. And if you recall what happened a couple of years ago, we saw consumers trading more to DSMs. We're watching to see what actually happens. But the specific initiative to take products out of bottles, that's not something we've historically done.
Alan Wilson: For us, because of the wide variety of different products that we source; we source more than 70 individuals spices and then when you add in all the regions that we source from, it's a couple of hundred; it's just too complicated and too complex that would drive us back. Now we've got strong long-term relationships with growers of different products and so while we're not backward integrated, our long-term relationships and the supply stability that we've had helps us in terms of supply assurance and quality. It doesn't necessarily immunize us from the cost volatility, but it certainly does help us. The complexity of everything we’re doing would say we’re not driving backward to agriculture.
Alan Wilson: We've certainly seen healthy category performance and I would say we've seen more of a return to brand as consumers have developed more confidence. The other thing is we're driving that with our product innovation and our promotion programs. That has really helped. Obviously, we're cautious on what we think will happen in 2011 given the difficulty the consumers face.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we didn't feel that we could price completely to the inflation that we need the CCI savings to help offset it as well.
Alan Wilson: Absolutely. We're still pretty concentrated in a few significant cities and we've got product distribution pretty broadly. But the penetration in the mid-tier, which are still huge populations, continues to grow and we're really encouraged by our introduction of condiments, especially things like Thai Sweet Chili Sauce which is doing very well there.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we're very excited about what we're seeing at Zatarain’s. We had very strong growth in both our boxed rice mixes this past year and we've introduced frozen products. We've had those out there in very limited distribution for a couple of years and we are seeing that expand pretty well, and it's becoming a very nice growth story for the business. And we're doing things like Blackened Chicken Alfredo and Jambalaya in frozen and we've got, I think seven or eight products now that we’re continuing to expand distribution on. So that's one that we are pretty excited about. We’re also hopeful for a return to Louisiana Seafood with our breaders and Crab Boils as we get past last year's oil spill and people get more confidence in the shrimp and fish industry coming out of the Gulf.
Alan Wilson: I'd say it's a pretty active environment right now. And so it looks more active, I think than it has for us, at least in the last couple of years. And as you've seen, we've done a very good job of paying down our debt from the Lawry’s acquisition and so we have a pretty good pipeline that we are working against.
Alan Wilson: No, there's no new update on that particular customer but we do continue to have new product and distribution wins.
Alan Wilson: Yes, and I can't speculate specifically on what an individual customer is going to do. But we do factor in some distribution wins as part of our sales guidance, but I wouldn't necessarily say that they were commenting that they've made a decision.
Alan Wilson: Yes, I think the increases we’re seeing are more fundamental-based. I would say that there is some opportunity by speculators to take pepper inventory because it can be held for a very long time without degrading before it's ground. So there may be some of that, but it's not like we see in soybean oil or wheat or some of the other commodities where it's really driven by speculators. I think the thing we do see is competition for acreage because as farmers move more into corn to take advantage of this ethanol subsidy, they don't plant other things. And so that will impact us to some degree.
Alan Wilson: Yes. Now to comment on the private label products that we supply. And some of it is driven by rationalization of the products that are being offered so there's more of a focus on some efficient assortment. The second thing is where you may see on some of the scanner data where private label is growing, it may be from retailers who produce their own products or we don't supply. But we certainly had a lot of activity behind our brands in the fourth quarter and as we went into the Christmas season. And I think we're benefiting from that. We're aggressive on promotion, we're aggressive on advertising and we typically do see consumers respond at the holiday period to our brands.
Alan Wilson: Mix was a positive factor given the strength of the brand in the division. Obviously, the offset to that positive mix as you saw in the gross margin was the increase in the raw material cost that we experienced and the pricing had not yet been implemented until very late in the quarter.
Alan Wilson: Yes, I think you could expect that although, as Gordon said, there was no pricing impact -- negligible pricing impact in the fourth quarter. And as we go through 2011, we'll see the impact of pricing to help offset that.
Alan Wilson: Yes. The U.K. specifically had very heavy promotion and discounts in the quarter and that's why you saw the impact specifically on pricing. Volumes actually did grow but not enough to offset the heavy promotions that we ran there. And I think that's something that we're seeing pretty broadly across the industry and not just our category. And we think the way to win there is to make sure we're offering the right value for the consumers as well as the right mix of innovation. I wouldn't expect to see those smaller markets to impact us to the degree that they have in 2010. One, were up against softer comps and we are again aggressively trying to build and grow those smaller markets as well. But I wouldn't expect those to have the same kind of impact in 2011 than they've had in 2010.
Alan Wilson: I don't think we’re going to see a strong recovery, but we’re lapped in some of those lousy comparables.
Alan Wilson: Yes, the primary driver is the Mexican joint venture which is by far the largest and most profitable venture we have. And it is soybean oil and the increase there that's driving that.
Alan Wilson: Well, the guidance we’ve given is 2% to 4% organic and roughly 3% pricing on the top line. So that's obviously one of the factors that you'll have to consider in your model. You're right in that the gross margin would be flattish and then beyond that, we've indicated that our advertising and promotion would rise roughly in line with sales. And the past few years, we've been growing that in excess of the sales growth rate, and this year we’re looking at growing it more in line with sales. So, given all those factors, we come back to the guidance that we’ve provided you.
Alan Wilson: Yes, we've got some plant expansion, specifically significant expansion of our Guangzhou plant in China and then there's a number of investments that we're making in increased capacity as we've won some of this new business.
Alan Wilson: Well, we're certainly watching the commodity environment pretty closely and we took the pricing that we had to take for the current environment, certainly just like we saw in 2008 with all the volatility. We'll be prepared to respond if we have to, and we think the consumer can bear it. We'll do what we have to do. We certainly have tried to take a very responsible conservative approach with pricing and just do what we have to do. And in fact in this case, we have a combination of our CCI and our pricing to try to offset the impacts that we have.
Alan Wilson: Well, specifically with our Industrial customers, we collaborate on what coverage to take and when we're going to take it and at what kind of pricing. So the Industrial business, we feel pretty confident that we'll be able to work our way through this and I would see price changes in Industrial as more fluid. In Consumer, specific to that, we make those decisions pretty well based on what we see from a volume demand and pricing standpoint as well, so we’re kind of making those decisions ourselves.
Alan Wilson: Yes, in 2007 and 2008 when we took pricing, we were dealing with cost increases but we weren't seeing the kind of runaway inflation in spice commodities that we're seeing now. It was limited in certain areas and we were pricing and generally that's been our philosophy. We want to try to price to cover commodity costs and then use productivity to offset all the other things that we have to deal with like pension costs and wage inflation and those sorts of things. In this case, because the commodities have been so much higher, we're taking what we think is a more moderate approach to that.
Alan Wilson: No. We've been able to plan for it because we've seen. It's just been a kind of a steady escalation and some of it driven if there'd been any surges, it's been more because of specific weather events as opposed to something that we've seen like in soybean oil where over night things just changed. We've seen a steady increase in pepper, really over the last three years. Garlic is one of those that’s had the highest volatility and that's more driven by specific weather events that we think are more like a one time, one year in nature.
Alan Wilson: Now pension should be roughly the same Andrew, and obviously we indicated on the tax line, tax costs would be up relative to this year. But other than that, commodities are the issue.
Alan Wilson: It’d probably be more wage inflation. We're not expecting any kind of major surge or anything like that in hiring.
Alan Wilson: I think there will be higher pricing in the Industrial segments based on the commodity pastures and the way that we deal with those. The Consumer segment we tend to price usually once a year and then lock that. Again, given the volatility, we may have to re-evaluate that. But with industrial it's more on a real-time basis since we’re passing through different commodity positions.
Gordon Stetz: You're about right. It's about 7% to 8% off of our raw material or cost of goods sold so that's in the ballpark. I'm sorry, I didn't get your second question, Alexia.
Gordon Stetz: We tend not to try and divulge too much about our forward position, but we try to establish coverage to mitigate any of this volatility. So we do try to lock in as much as we can so we don't experience this as we go throughout the rest of the year.
Gordon Stetz: Sure. Every year, we look at our marketing mix to determine what the best, most effective spends are. And this past year, we've had a combination, if you've seen them, of driving core products with our antioxidant advertising in the U.S., new products like Recipe Inspirations and then our more image building holiday ads that we ran in Thanksgiving and Christmas. We're continuing to really increase at a pretty high percentage rate, our spend against social and digital media because that is becoming a very effective spend and where the consumers are getting our message. We're still going to continue to support our products in France and the U.K. as well as in our other consumer markets like China. And we've got a healthy mix of core products and new product advertising in the U.S. We've got some really good new products that we're introducing in the U.S. that we want to make sure we support as well. But I think just like everybody else, you'll see more of a mix driving to social media because that's where the consumer is getting their information.
Gordon Stetz: Coupon activity, it was heavier in the U.K. and that's what drove that pricing decline that you saw from the U.K. In the U.S., coupon activity was pretty similar to last year.
Gordon Stetz: We'll have to work through this math a bit, maybe off-line, but we're looking at more about of a 7% to 8% off the raw material base. That is still a significant increase to your point. So I don't want to say that this is not an event that is unusual. We have not historically seen increases at this level. Last time we talked about this was 2008. From an elasticity standpoint, the price increase that we took is 3%. That's not too out of line from our experience in previous years. That is the question mark that we, I think, the industry in general is looking at as we go into 2011. We do have support behind our brand as Alan talked about to make that we continue to innovate and drive the consumer, but that is something that we have factored into our thinking as we've given you the guidance for next year.
Gordon Stetz: Well, I'd be careful to try to get into the quarter because a lot of these things are driven by mix of our portfolio. I understand your thought process. Our pricing is executed, so we will start to accrue those benefits into the first quarter. So I'm expecting generally that the gross margins should be -- not a volatile quarter-to-quarter thing but a lot of it can be impacted by industrial versus consumer mix in each of those quarters. So I'd be careful of that type of thinking.
Gordon Stetz: Well, obviously we're still in the quarter and we're reading this as we go forward. We still have some big events ahead of us and particularly U.S. We have Super Bowl and we have Mardi Gras, we have had big promotions. We are still trying to get a determination as to exactly how the sales will impact first quarter. But in general, if you look at the take away versus what we shipped, it does appear that there was a $10 million shift out of Q1 and to Q4 and it's a difficult read right at this moment.
Gordon Stetz: Well, obviously you mentioned the $7 million in advertising and promotion. As we indicated at the beginning of 2010, we're still experiencing the impact of higher pension costs, and that was close to $3 million in Q4. So those two alone are $10 million. The rest of that is generally going to be variable things that rose in line with the healthy sales growth rates.
Gordon Stetz: Yes, remember what's happening in the markets. As we take 3% pricing and on different products it's higher and lower than that. 3% is just where it averages out. But the percentage increase on private label products is actually a lot higher. And not only are we -- and because it's really cost driven, we’re not the only ones that are passing through those increased products or those increased prices. So we’re seeing the gap, the price gap between private label and brand really close as these price increases take effect. The other thing that gives us confidence in the buying growth is our new product activity and the distribution wins that we talked about.
Gordon Stetz: That's a fair question. Obviously, there's going to be pressure on our targets given the input costs. But underneath that, the teams are still working very hard on systems and processes, mainly in demand planning and sales and operations planning which relates to safety stocks, finished goods turns and the level of inventories that we need in the pipeline. So you're right in that we’re going to have some pressure due to raw material cost challenges, but I know the teams are very focused also on underneath all that, executing against some investments that we've made in technology and processes.
Gordon Stetz: The $100 million that we list on our balance sheet is short-term debt, it's actually long-term debt that's gone current that will come due in July.
Gordon Stetz: I'm sorry. We'll let that obviously mature into commercial paper and then operating cash will be used to pay down whatever commercial paper is outstanding.
Eric Katzman: First, was the account that you mentioned in terms of the win, was that Sam's Club? Because I know that you've talked about the potential to take that account out of test market during 2010.
Eric Katzman: So if Sam's Club was to go your way, which would be a first half event given the timing of the seasoning -- of the business, that would be incremental to whatever you put out today.
Eric Katzman: And then one of the things that I thought was kind of interesting in terms of the charts that you put up on inflation, most of your commodities, there is no futures or liquid market and yet you are seeing significant increases. And so I'm just kind of wondering maybe just from a broader perspective Alan, I mean do you think because there really isn't that like financial speculation, like a lot of times the companies in the industry will say that investor speculation is what's spurring the growth in the commodities but that doesn't really exist in your market. So it seems like -- would you agree with that? And is that -- so the increases that you're seeing are really fundamental-based.
Eric Katzman: Well, I guess I went to Ken's question about backward integration and stuff. But based on Bob's comment about Madagascar, I'm not sure -- maybe that place would be better off if you took it over.
Eric Katzman: And then just last question, in all seriousness, the private label decline that you saw in the fourth quarter, I mean that's really quite surprising. Do you attribute that to just the retailers more focused on brands, your advertising, consumer confidence. Kind of how would you break it down? Because it seems to go against what has been the trend.
