Lawrence Kurzius: Thanks, Mike. As we move to your questions let me leave you with our key takeaways for the quarter. First we had great results, in constant currency, we grew sales 6% with growth in both segments in each region and adjusted operating income was up 15%. We're executing on an effective strategy to drive sales and lower cost. Our CCI program is driving higher margins and profit and generating feel for growth. And based on our year-to-date results and business momentum, we expect 2016 to be a record year for McCormick. So operator let's take the first question. 
Lawrence Kurzius: So thanks David. I think that the food generally still continues to be relatively flat and the spice category -- herbs and spices is one of the strongest categories in the store. If you look at a heat map for the entire store you would see that the herb and spice category is about the hottest spot in the store.
Lawrence Kurzius: We just see the spice category being driven by a number of long-term trends David. There is increased interest in cooking from scratch as Millennials come to be a larger and larger part of the shopping universe, we’ve talked about this a couple of times and we just think that that’s a real advantage for our core category. I'm not so sure that I can speak to change in the trend for the whole center of the store, there does seem to be a shift away from more prepared foods and a move towards closer to fresh more scratch type foods, I think that bodes well for the perimeter of the store and for companies that have businesses that involve scratch cooking and again I think that that’s a positive for our category.  There’s also a trend towards greater interest in health and wellness and healthier eating and again I think that’s supportive of the herb and spice category, particularly in the U.S. where herbs and spices are in the dietary guidelines for Americans really for the first time ever as a strategy for reducing things like added salt, added sugar in foods. 
Lawrence Kurzius: By the way as we see this also on the industrial side of our business, almost left that out. Many of our industrial customers are working with us to change the formulations of their products to make them more natural, to take out things that sound artificial, to make them sound fresher and less processed. 
Lawrence Kurzius: No the change in the guidance on advertising really relates to being more efficient with digital and more efficient with our -- the non-working portion of advertising. We're running all of the programs that we intended to. We frankly to spend the $5 million we’d have to waste it. A portion of that change in outlook actually is already captured in Q3. And so this is a change in guidance for the full year and not really specific to the fourth quarter.
Lawrence Kurzius: Yeah I don’t want to get too specific about the exact timing of pricing actions, but I know that we will be taking pricing action. And we’ve moved on vanilla twice already this year and expect that that will be one of the areas, where we go up. Vanilla in particular is in a situation where there is a worldwide shortage. We don’t believe that any competitor the advantage versus McCormick in their -- in that particular commodity. And indeed, we believe that we’re actually in advantaged supply position compared to some of our competitors. We’ve by customers have competitors, who are experiencing defaults and are having difficulty getting vanilla at any price. The raw material and the shortage of that raw material is going to dictate a higher price across the whole market. And we’re confident that we won’t be moving alone.
Lawrence Kurzius: If we set that aside, we’d essentially be flat on market share. Earlier was the disruption at the shelf due to the transition from the kind of conventional spices that were in gourmet to the new organic spices that really cause -- that disruption really accounted for nearly all of the share gap. The -- what else I going to say about that, that’s really, I mean that’s really the whole story there Mario. We’re pretty pleased with our progress overall. And that the gourmet was the one thing. I should add that it really wasn't a surprise when we had our call back -- last call back in June. We were in the middle of it we knew what was happening and we said on the call that this was going to happen and there would be some disruption at the shelf. I'm pretty encouraged that we'll have the work I'm pretty optimistic that we have completely work through it by the time the real holiday season starts. The shipments that we experienced on gourmet don't really line up with the consumption they were very strong at the end of the quarter as our customers were restocking their shelves. So I'm pretty encouraged throughout that. But again if I could just going back to your original question the scanner data it's really a story about gourmet. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Well we certainly have a broad customer base in China. And we continue to work to build our business with local Chinese based customers both on the restaurant food service side and on the consumer food manufacturer. But this is a very large customer, and so their diversification of their supply base is going to have an impact on our business. It's not something that can just be immediately made up. I expect that we will grow into it, but this customer had a problem with the supplier that put them in a bad business position. And they've made a strategic decision that they're not going to be sole sourced on anything. And in the products that we supply we were very close to the exclusive supplier. So as that customer diversifies its supplier base it does have an impact on us as well due to their strategy.
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure I'm just going to say a few words about it. Last year we exited a portion of the business that was very low margin and frankly exceptionally complicated. And so we were able to simplify the business, improve the margin and let this with a business that was smaller than it was. And I think that's what the nature of the comments and the script were. We are not going to elaborate a lot on Kohinoor just because it is so small relative to the rest of our business. The Kohinoor business is less than 1% it's approximately 0.5% of our business. And so we're just not going to get too specific comment on a business unit that is that size.
Lawrence Kurzius: And this is just one of three businesses that we have in India. The other two are on the unconsolidated line they're non-consolidated joint ventures.
Lawrence Kurzius: We’re really going to give some pretty robust earnings guidance for 2017 on our January call as we always do, we’re in the middle of putting together budgets right now. So any guidance that we could give would be probably incomplete and too soon. We are giving some visibility that we’re experiencing an increase in the commodity costs on those two particular commodities and we expect our pricing actions to cover that increase. But I don’t think we’re ready to give guidance on margins, other than to the extent that we’re talking about Q4 right now. 
Lawrence Kurzius: Sure, well first of all that over shipment that you just referred to is just on gourmet and it was really a restocking it’s actually making up an under shipment in Q2 and Q3, when we talk about this at the end of Q2 Andrew, I think we said that we had actually restrained our shipments on gourmet at the end of Q2 to manage the transition, we didn’t wanted to get a lot of returns of the old product as we wanted to transition. So we were rationing it out a bit and then in Q3 there were some disruption at the shelf and it was really just a refilling of the shelves. And no I don’t expect that we’re going to see a slowdown actually we’re quite encouraged by the strength of our holiday program in the U.S. business as we look into the holiday season. We’re actually pretty optimistic that we’re going to have both strong shipments and strong consumption.
Lawrence Kurzius: We’re going to go back on air with the purity campaign, we got a tremendous lift from that campaign when we ran it earlier this year. So our holiday advertising will include purity. When we ran that purity campaign we not only got an immediately lift from it, but we also increased our penetration with Millennials, which kind of builds the franchise for the long-term. I think that we’re feeling pretty good about Q4 in the U.S.
Lawrence Kurzius: Hey that’s the advantage of having a long memory there Andrew. We did have a vanilla shortage back in 2003-2004 and 2005 and that it’s probably time I came to the company so some of this when happened then is old lore for me. But subsequently there was quite a big market decline and many of the sources dried up due to market pricing and we are ourselves working actively to develop the growth of vanilla in a number of regions of the world then including a pilot operation that we have to grow our own. But those are efforts that will take a little bit of time to bring on stream and right now 85% of the world’s vanilla comes from Madagascar and that’s where the shortages. A lot of the changes not so much around supply, but around demand as consumers want to move to more natural flavors there is a shift in the market demand away from artificial vanilla and vanillin to being able to label the product straight up vanilla or vanilla bean. So there we do have an effort underway to develop those alternate sources. Again, I’ll just emphasize that, we believe that nobody has an advantage position right now in the market versus us. And we know just from the customer enquiries that we’re getting, that in fact, we currently have an advantage position versus a number of our competitors.
Lawrence Kurzius: Well, I’d like to thank everyone for your questions and for participating on today’s call. Through our growth strategies and our people, our experienced leaders and engaged employees we’re driving strong performance at McCormick. We’re executing on a strategy design to build long-term value for our shareholders, and we look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress.
Mike Smith: No, we’ve seen this trend coming and we’ve taken pricing actions for things like vanilla this year in the U.S. a couple of times; in China we’re taking the garlic action right now. So we’ve been ahead of the curve here and we’re monitoring very closely, but through pricing and CCI upping the level there we feel comfortable we’ll cover the costs going into next year. We’ll provide more guidance in our January earnings call.
Mike Smith: Yeah, I think the other factor we talked about the material cost rising during the year. And the industrial business had a great third quarter, real good mix, we had strong branded food service business, which is high margin for us. And the timing of some of those promotions and some of our customers were basically the same with fourth quarter. For the full year we're very happy with performance, but I wouldn't expect them to grow at the 23% adjusted operating income again in that fourth quarter.
Mike Smith: Definitely, when we renegotiate with vendors or have raw material savings, they are included in CCI. 
Mike Smith: More active reformulations, vendor consolidations things like that with market moves [indiscernible].
Mike Smith: No. Again, I know I point to the fourth quarter, I know you’re talking about operating income specifically. I’m thinking the whole P&L all the way down, but the three headwinds that we talked about, the FX impact, the lower share repurchases, summarize and raw material cost are really the factors that we want to overcome. Also, I got to say that we are a bit conservative when we look at guidance as we get to the fourth quarter, because it’s our largest quarter. October and November are our highest shipping months. One big order from one customer or one odd shipping day in the last week of the year can swing the number a bit. And so we tend to be careful on the guidance that we give that can be interpreted specific to fourth quarter.
Mike Smith: And to put in perspective our first half of the year, our adjusted operating income was up between 5% and 6%. We had a really good third quarter at 12% for a variety of reasons. And fourth quarter is about really our earnings per share so it’s a big quarter for us. So there is a lot of moving parts as Lawrence said.
Mike Smith: The other thing through these category management tools, we’ve invested in over the past couple of years. We’ve shown when we took the pricing action earlier this year in the U.S. our volume rate of share gain in volume was positive. So we grew volume while taking a price increase. So we’re doing our pricing much smarter than we used to. So we feel when we need to take pricing again, we’ll do that with a minimal impact of volume.
Mike Smith: Our strategy there longer term is to rollout more spices and seasonings and recipe mixes and that's still on track as we talked about in the past. So long-term this is a great market for us.
