Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Erin. And let me answer the first question on the demand in the U.S. Definitely, there are different drivers depending on the different types of animal proteins, cattle, pork, swine. I would say that the cattle, it's still facing maybe some limited production, although the demand has been reduced slightly. Because of the limited production, it seems most of the producers are rebuilding their herd and sending less animals to the slaughterhouses. At the same time, in some markets we have seen that the demand for beef has been changing slightly, but we remain very positive in terms of the cattle business in the U.S. In terms of poultry, the demand continues very strong. And I think we expect also that not a significant impact in terms of the avian flu affecting the meat part of the poultry segment, although this is affecting the egg production. And in swine, in 2015 we have seen a significant increase in the supply because of the PDV is not affecting and the farmer have been able to increase significantly the number of animals. And this also has been making a pressure in terms of prices. But for the animal health industry, it has been positive because there are more animals and more animals to be treated and protected. In terms of PHARMAQ, I think really Paul can provide the details on this acquisition.
Juan Ramón Alaix: But we want to make sure that we remain very disciplined in terms of assessing opportunities for M&A and also we want to make sure that we maintain our ratios in terms of debt, which are a range between 2.5 to 3.5. That is something that we'll be also considering. One important element that we mentioned many times is that our market share also is creating some limitations in terms of large acquisitions in terms of antitrust. But we'll continue assessing opportunities as they come and always applying a criteria that will support any kind of acquisition.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Kevin, for the question. Let me start with China. China remains a market with a significant growth potential. And we mentioned that several times that the consumption there is increasing very fast because of the increase of middle class, but also very important for our industry, they are changing also the way they are raising animals. So in the past in China, there was significant part of animals, I'm talking about pigs, that they were small productions or even backyard production. We have seen that it's a significant shift from this kind of production to more sophisticated production and this is what is generating a significant opportunity for animal health industry that can provide the quality of a product that can increase the productivity in these farms. We have been also investing in China since many years. We have in China the infrastructure to maximize any new products that we are bringing to the market. We have been launching new products in China, some of them as a result of a JV that we formed a couple of years ago. And we are very pleased with the all the things that are going on in China. As I said, we don't see that this economic slowdown is affecting the animal health industry. In Brazil, the situation is different. Brazil remains a very strong market in terms of production of animal proteins for export. Brazil is one of the key markets in terms of export and they also have the benefit now of low cost in the country and also lower prices because of the real has been reducing against the dollar. So these elements are creating a very good momentum in Brazil. We have seen also Brazil that the cattle industry, it's increasing the herds. Prices of meat are also very positive. The only comment in Brazil is that we have not seen any reduction in terms of internal consumption; what we have seen is switching from more expensive meat to less expensive. If the situation remains in the future in terms of economic crisis, we need to assess if their internal consumption will be affected. But so far, we have not seen any kind of reduction of meat consumption in Brazil, so the prospects for this country remain very positive. Paul will talk about the acquisition.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me add a couple of comments on PHARMAQ that, in my opinion, are important. I think first, the farmed fish market is the fastest-growing market in the animal health industry. PHARMAQ has been delivering very strong growth in the last 10 years. We mentioned that a CAGR of 17%. And, very important, PHARMAQ is focused on the area that is showing the fastest growth within aquatic health, which is vaccines. And definitely PHARMAQ is the leading company in terms of innovation in vaccines that will be a great opportunity for the future in terms of revenue growth. So we are extremely happy with this acquisition and we are convinced that this company integrated into Zoetis and having the support of our infrastructure will also maximize the opportunities in the farmed fish.
Juan Ramón Alaix: In terms of cost cuts, I think we are on track to deliver what we announced, the $300 million by 2017. And the teams are working very hard. So we have made significant progress. And as you remember, there were some elements of this program related to SKU rationalization, also the reduction of some of the manufacturing plants and also the reduction or the change in some of the markets in where we were operating direct and we will be now operating through distributor. But still, this market is representing a small part of our portfolio because 95% of the revenues are still generated through our direct interaction with customers. So the report here is that we are doing very well and we plan to meet or exceed the $300 million. In terms of PHARMAQ, Paul will cover this question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me start with the easiest answer, which is APOQUEL. In 2016, we don't expect to have any limitation in terms of capacity and it's just the time for introducing the product in more customers in those markets in where we have already introduced the product and also launching in new markets. But we don't expect to have capacity issues. We have solved the API, we have a second source of API also in 2016 and now the manufacturing group is working to produce all the tablets that will be available to customers in 2016. In terms of BD, opportunities like PHARMAQ are unique, so I don't think that we'll find so many opportunities like PHARMAQ in the market. But there may be some assets that can be attractive to us, not many, but it will be maybe in some countries maybe some companies that will be for sale in the future. But, again, so we need to understand that because of our market share, we're facing some limitations in terms of antitrust that we need to incorporate in our evaluation. But we have been demonstrating that we are understanding the opportunities in the market, Abbott Animal Health, KL, PHARMAQ, and we'll continue assessing these opportunities in the future.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Vlad. I'll start with the first question on macro environment and then Paul will answer the tax rate. So the first thing, we are not a human health company. And we try from the reading to explain how different is animal health to human health. And the most important difference is that our business is a business-to-business model. We are not dealing with a third-party payer, so our prices are defined by just the pure market dynamics. So we sell what our customers that are also paying are willing to pay for based on the value that we can demonstrate to them. So regulating prices in an industry which is just a market-driven industry will not make any sense, but it's something that we don't see happening. And in terms of what is the macro environment, we describe that our industry is very resilient to economic dynamics. We saw that in 2008 and 2009. We also saw that in 2012 at the time of the drought that our industry responded extremely well. So one of the characteristics of animal health are stability and sustainability and we think that it is one of the attributes that make our industry very attractive to investors.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Doug. And in terms of APOQUEL supply, we expect to have a supply for meeting the demands of customers in the U.S. and UK markets at the end of the year. Then we'll continue introducing the product in other markets. And we don't think that supply will be an issue to deliver all customer demand in 2016. The second API source, it will be not just of a back-up, it will be a contributor. And we have the opportunity to double the capacity of the existing capacity that we have. And this is also something that will protect future revenues of future demand for the product. So we are very confident that the API will be enough to produce all the finished product that will be demanded by the customers in 2016.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So thank you very much for attending this call. And, again, we are very pleased to have the results of this third quarter. But more important, my opinion, it's how confident are we in terms of our future, in terms of revenues and in terms also of adjusted EPS. We are very confident that we'll be delivering very strong results despite of the negative impact of exchange rate. That has been compensated with the introduction of new products and also the performance of the rest of the portfolio. So with that, thank you very much for attending this call.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure. And I think your question, Erin, was around how do you think about this business in the go-forward? And firstly I want to point out a couple of things. Is this is a business that shares a lot of the characteristics of our business. These are long-duration assets participating in solid growth markets that are supported by a productive R&D engine. It's very similar to our business. There are cost synergies associated with our acquisition here, however, this is not a cost synergy deal. PHARMAQ have solid operations on the sales and marketing side, as well as in the R&D side and of course in the manufacturing arena. And so from a cost perspective, this is not like a classic cost synergy deal; this is a transaction that puts us squarely in a space that's going to grow quickly, that comes to us with a well-developed pipeline featuring near-term opportunities to continue the attractive growth that they deliver. And I'll get the start date wrong, but I believe that they've been growing at a compound rate of about, through 2014, of about 17% in that business. And so thinking about this business, this is more about supplementing our Livestock business, getting us into a space of where we're not presently represented. And we love this deal, we love the value of this deal and we think you will too once it starts to play out over the course of the next couple years. I think there was a third question there was kind of capacity for more deals to say, look, we've had a great year so far in 2015. When you look at the Abbott transaction as a classic good deal for us that came up a couple of times in our prepared remarks, we're doing better both in terms of driving revenue synergies and cost synergies on that deal. I wish there were 10 of those out there to be done every year, there just aren't. But when they come up, we would certainly look to pursue additional transactions like that. Larger more strategic transactions, like a PHARMAQ, there are a handful of opportunities out there. Do we have the capacity to do it? Well, we haven't even closed this one yet. So we'll get this one closed up and then we'll start or continue the process of looking for what that next opportunity is. M&A will continue to be an element of our strategy.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah, Kevin, thanks for the question. And I think you have to think about the PHARMAQ acquisition as being comprised of two pieces, one is that base business that's been growing very quickly and, by the way, has been supporting solid investment in R&D. And that leads me to the second piece of the value, which is the pipeline opportunities that come with the company and those are both near term and they're longer term. I said earlier I think in response to Erin's question, you've got to look at this business as being one that's very similar to ours in that it enjoys that long duration, long durability of the revenue streams, and that includes taking into consideration the near-term pipeline opportunities. If you look at this deal on a near-term basis and say, gee, accretion and it's neutral in the first year and then it's accretive thereafter. This is a deal that goes on and enjoys that long period of sustainable growth of profit and cash flow as added into our business and so that's how we value it. We value it on a fundamental basis, not necessarily – if you're going to look at it, a sales multiple is not appropriate here.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah, sure. Permira bought the company back in 2013. A couple of interesting tidbits. We would've loved to have owned this company back in 2013 and tried to own this company back in 2013 and we were not able to acquire it back in 2013. And so what has happened since then, and I think you have to take your hat off to the team at PHARMAQ and Permira for backing that team to do what they needed to do to substantially build the value of that company over the last several years. What did they do? They advanced the pipeline, which for us is a very important factor. And while they were doing that, they continued to deliver growth in their base business and build that company. So that company is worth a heck of a lot more today than it was in 2013, number one. And number two, I would argue that it is worth more in our hands than it's worth in other people's hands because of our opportunities to drive geographic revenue for this part of our company that is not available to a stand-alone.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah, with respect to the profitability of PHARMAQ, the business is profitable. It is supporting and has been supporting a substantial investment in R&D and continues to be a profitable business. Not sure we want to get into providing the entire P&L for PHARMAQ and, say, oh, here's exactly what they're doing. But suffice it to say that we think that the company, as part of Zoetis, fits with our model of long-term revenue growth and driving that over an extended period of time. And clearly we see a lot of value there. I don't want to provide a P&L for PHARMAQ for 2014. I don't think it would tell you the whole story. The salient points again, and I'll keep coming back to this, is a base business that is growing very rapidly, a base business that has supported the investment of R&D and helped them develop a pipeline that we see a great deal of value in as we go forward. With respect to gross margins, one thing you've got to take into consideration, I called it out in my remarks, is that FX has a favorable impact on our reported gross margin. And that was I believe roughly 100 basis points – someone will correct me if I get that wrong, but I believe it was about 100 basis points. And that turns around if FX rates happen to go in the opposite direction, but, yeah, it's roughly 100 basis points. There are some structural things that we've done in the early stages of our supply network strategy to improve the efficiency of our supply chain and, therefore, improve margins through doing things more efficiently in the supply chain. And those are permanent and structural and that over time – this is just the early stuff with respect to the supply network strategy. We've articulated in 2020 we expect to have another couple hundred basis points of gross margin from the broader supply network strategy, which really we're just at the early stages of.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure. Jami, thanks for the questions. And I'll start with the share buyback. And here's a thing. We have a share buyback program; I know it's modest. And we continue to buy back shares and have been buying them back since the beginning of the year. And this is a balance between allocating capital to those activities that we think will build the most value over the long term. And for this year it's, again, I think so far a remarkable year. Beginning of the year we allocated capital to the acquisition of the Abbott Animal Health assets. Great place to put our money. Secondarily here, hopefully on or about November 10 we'll close on the PHARMAQ acquisition. These represent deployment of capital ways that we'll continue to build value for our shareholders over the long term. While we're doing that, we continue to buy back shares. To the extent that we find ourselves in an environment where we have lots of cash flow and nowhere to deploy it in a way that we felt was value generative, yeah, we could increase the scale of our share buyback. But right now, going out and levering up the company to buy back a bunch of shares is not something that we're going to do.
