Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. So, the first question on APOQUEL. Total revenues for APOQUEL in the quarter were $50 million, and U.S. generated $35 million, and in International markets $15 million. These, I guess, it's answering your question on APOQUEL. You also ask about new vaccines. On new vaccines, we have new vaccines for companion animal, and this has been introduced in Europe as well as in the U.S. I mentioned new vaccines that are in the U.S. covering oral injectable intranasal, and I mentioned this for a specific Bordetella bronchiseptica disease. So, this is something that definitely represents a significant upgrade on our portfolio for companion animal infections. We also launched a new vaccine in China, used for swine, and it is combination of vaccine for PRRS with a combination for swine fever in pigs. So another opportunity for increasing our presence in China, and increasing our presence in the swine market in China. That is a significant opportunity for Zoetis. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, we already incorporated in our guidance for 2017 the potential exceeding of the $300 million. At this point, we have not provided any concrete amount of this existing opportunity – is something that in the future. As we move into the programs, we'll be sharing that with you. Next set of question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Yeah. Let me cover the question on the U.S. livestock. Let me start with the cattle. On the cattle, there are two segments, beef and dairy. Let's talk about beef. Beef, we reported that there were probably milder winter conditions that impacted our premium net products, but the fundamentals of the beef market of the cattle are very strong. We have seen that the increase in placement in feedlot. We also expect that it will continue for the rest of the year and also we expect that at the end of the year, the number of cows in beef will be increasing by 2% to 3%. So it's something that even if we have seen some temporary impact in the first quarter, we want also to see this business on a yearly basis and we're confident that on a yearly basis the market remain very strong. In dairy, what we have seen is the global prices for milk has been going down. This is also resulting in some negative impact in dairy customers. And in some of the cases, we expect that they will be reducing the number of dairy cows. Again, so it's a cycle that we have seen also in previous years. After a cycle of low price reduction of cows, it will be another cycle where prices will go up and then they will be rebuilding the herd. So, we don't see that this is something that is concerning on medium, long-term process for the business. In swine, we reported that we are facing some additional competition for vaccines. It's a similar case that we saw in the past with companion animal. We identified this need in companion animal. We have been working to upgrade our vaccines. Now our vaccines in companion animal are very strong and we are doing the same with swine. So, we are working to upgrade our swine portfolio for vaccines and we're confident that this also will bring us the opportunity for growing in the future. We don't expect the swine to be a significant driver of growth in 2016. And finally, poultry. Poultry in the U.S., I think it's a positive segment. We expect to generate the net positive growth in 2016. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, it's still very early because, first, APOQUEL has been – because of the limitations in terms of supply – has been mostly used in chronic dogs with dermatitis. We expect now that in May we are opening the market without restrictions. They will be expanding the market not only to chronic but also to acute. In the case of IL-31, IL-31 has been introduced as a conditional license. So what we are doing is to gain experience in the market by doing some activity with dermatologists, veterinarian dermatologists. This also has the objective of collecting all the data that will support full license in terms of efficacy of the product, but we are convinced that there are two products that they are very complementary and one is oral, the other one is injectable. There are some dogs which are not managing well swallowing pills. This is something that IL-31 will cover. There also, not everyone is responding the same way to treatment. So we see that APOQUEL, in some cases, is working very well; IL-31, in some of our cases, is also working very well. So the veterinarian will have the option to choose what is the best treatment there, depending on specific cases of dogs with atopic dermatitis or with any kind of skin conditions. Finally, APOQUEL will have broader indications, while IL-31 will have the indication of atopic dermatitis. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So, as I mentioned, it's early, the introduction of SIMPARICA. SIMPARICA has been introduced in the U.S. and in a few European markets. We just plan to introduce the product in the rest of the markets where the product has been approved. SIMPARICA has been launched with very strong publications and comparing SIMPARICA against other products, oral and topical. And we have seen that SIMPARICA, it's showing very positive comparison in terms of faster action. So it's very fast on killing ticks and fleas and also very important. So, the SIMPARICA is keeping full efficacy during the duration of the treatment, which is also very important and much better than some of our competitors. So, we are definitely convinced that SIMPARICA will have a place in the market. I think we are not yet establishing what is the target in terms of market share, but definitely we expect that we'll gain the market share that corresponds to a company that our strength, the capabilities and our operations in the market.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, thank you for the question, Jeff, and we believe that we have a portfolio in pain, which is very strong. We have RIMADYL in all markets. We also have in the European market another product, which is also complementary to RIMADYL, which is called TROCOXIL and very important. So we have a lot of experience in this area, and this expertise is not only in terms of commercial, but also in terms of R&D. And in R&D, it's an area of focus and we have programs in pain that I'm convinced that will strengthen our portfolio in the future. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Vlad, and let me first describe what are the macro trends. So we see that the overall macro trend that maybe are is lowering down the growth in some markets. It's not affecting the same way to our industry. And one example, so we have seen that in Brazil, the GDP, it's declining, while the GDP for agriculture including their livestock is growing. So, again, so it's – in the animal health industry, I think we cannot extrapolate the macro trends which are affecting other sectors to our trends. And our trends are based on population, it's still continue growing; middle class, which is still increasing, and also they need to improve productivity because – well, the world is being challenged with the need of more food with fewer resources. And companies like us is that we can bring this type of innovation, we have a significant opportunity for our growth. And the same drivers are also impacting their companion animal. More people, more middle class is increasing the number of pet adoptions and also very important, the amount that pet owners are spending per pet in keeping these animals healthier and to live longer. So we are very confident that the macro trends remain positive for the animal health industry. And for Zoetis, we have been targeting to grow in line or faster than the market. In the first two years as independent company, we had been growing faster than the market. In 2016, because some one-time impact related to our operational efficiency, the reported growth will be lower. Adjusted by this factor, we expect that we'll be growing in line or faster than the market. The same for 2017. We have projected for 2017 a growth that, in my opinion, at the midpoint, is faster than the projection of the market and we have no reasons to believe that in the future we'll (sic) [we won't] continue growing in line or faster than the market. So one of the things that are very important is that we have already all what is needed to maximize our portfolio. And very important, our R&D investment continued delivering very strong results. And we have been continue bring into the market new products, but also very important bring into the market lifecycle innovation, which is also helping to protect our future growth. And maybe Paul can talk about trends in therapeutic areas, antibiotics, vaccines, pills that are part of our efforts to ensure that we have the right balance and the right opportunities for our growth.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Doug for the question. So we expect but there is something that will depend on the final approval from the USDA. We expect this approval by the end of the year. So now what we are doing, it's a gaining experience and also collecting the data in terms of efficacy and this will be submitted to the USDA for final approval of the product and is related to the U.S. we have similar partner in Canada and a different one in Europe. Also, we expect in Europe this product approved in the future. So today it's used under this conditional license. So the use is quite limited because we're just going to fewer customers in the U.S. mostly veterinarian dermatologist, some other customers are using the product. Now the objective is not really to generate significant revenue growth but to gain experience of the product and making sure that the product it's generating the amount of data that would support full license. We're convinced that IL-31 will be an important product in our portfolio and very important so it's – Zoetis, it's developing a franchise which is this skin conditions, itching, atopic dermatitis. And with two products in the market I think it might have been that we have very strong position with it the future opportunities. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. Let me start with sarolaner, SIMPARICA now. The name in the market is SIMPARICA and we have no restrictions for this product. We have enough of our product to introduce the product in all markets and where the regulatory authorities have approved. And this, in the U.S., all new markets and we also have operations for Canada and some other countries. So it's something that we don't see any restriction. So, at the time of the launch in the U.S. and also in Europe, there is no any significant loading of the product in the country. So, most of the product was related to samples that we provided to the veterinarians to get familiar with the product. So, we have not generated significant revenues in the first quarter, but we expect that these revenues would be ramping up during the rest of the year. So, we have very good expectations for the product. As I mentioned in some of the other comments, we have very strong publications supporting the efficacy of the product. As I said, this product is working very fast and also it's showing that during the duration of the treatment, it's having very strong efficacy. So, there is no drop in efficacy at the last day of the duration of the treatment, on the contrary is maintaining the efficacy. In terms of SKU, I think we have made significant progress on SKUs. So, most of the SKUs have been already eliminated from our portfolio, and maybe there are some few SKUs that will be eliminated from now until the third quarter, which are related to SKUs that will be replaced by other products that we are introducing in the market. But the large majority of SKUs has been already eliminated from our portfolio.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much for your attention. And looking forward for following quarters and also the interaction with all of you. Thank you.
