Kristin Peck: Okay, Erin, it's Kristin. Great to hear from you. So we fundamentally and structurally believe the pet care industry is in great shape. I think as you've seen some of these trends over the last few years, there's a very high standard of care. The demographics of who is adopting these pets over the last few years being millennials, the number of pets you have out there and honestly, the aging of pets. So we do not think there is a demand problem. I think you saw in the quarter potentially a difficult cost to what you saw last year. If you look overall, a 5% increase at the vet clinic, there is a little bit less traffic, as you referenced. I think those are some of the shorter-term capacity constraints. But remember, we've got a lot more pets. So you're really -- the base is much larger than it's historically been. But given Omicron, there was definitely some challenges at some of the vet clinics. But the other thing to consider about the data that we would just highlight is that it really pulls out a lot of the large corporates who have found more innovative ways to structure their business to add more capacity. And I think you'll see more of that coming overall. There were the short-term labor shortages. The other thing to really focus on, we would say is if you look at Zoetis' business, it's a little different, the nature of our business and our innovation, we have a lot of chronic medications. It doesn't require tons of visits. So we focus a little bit more on the spend per visit as we look at it. We also have alternative channels, which for us in the quarter grew 34%. So we remain very optimistic with regards to pet care trends overall? And maybe, Wetteny, you can take her second question on Simparica.
Kristin Peck: And the only thing I'd add there is, despite inflation, I would just note that in 2021, we increased our margins and our guidance for 2022 does the same. So I think it really shows the durability and resilience of our industry.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I mean, I'll start off with your first question. Again, if you look at our overall portfolio and the nature of our business, I think the level of innovation, we're not as susceptible to vet visit trends. You basically what percentage has to be administered in the vet clinic. I don't know maybe around 50% that would be vaccines injectables. But I think if you look at the sales of Librela being now the number one pain product in Europe, clearly, for things that are really important to pet owners, they are getting into the clinic. Regular checks for vaccines, we're not seeing any significantly negative trends there. So I think chronic medications, which is a huge part of our business. And if you look at dermatology and parasiticides, which are growing at pairs are growing at 25% in the quarter, derm at 28% in the quarter. We're clearly not really suffering from the slight decline in the U.S. in trends. But Wetteny, you can take that second question.
Kristin Peck: Great. Mike, I'll take the first part of it, which is the broader livestock trends and then Wetteny can take the DRAXXIN and the field force question that you've got. I mean, look, as you know, well, historically, livestock has grown around 4% I think if you look at 2019 and 2020, you saw sort of some unusual events that affected overall industry livestock growth. Obviously, African Swine Fever in China, as you remember, and then overall COVID, but then as I think as you look at 2021 and 2022, Zoetis has been unusually impacted and that has everything to do with where DRAXXIN is. And Wetteny can get into the numbers, but that has played out exactly how we expected it to. Our long-term outlook, as Wetteny mentioned a few minutes ago in his prepared remarks, remains unchanged. We think you're going to start to go back to more normalized growth in 2023 and beyond, basically because feeding the world is a powerful trend, the desire for protein and higher quality protein. But let me let Wetteny get into some of the specifics on the DRAXXIN numbers and then your second question.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Jon. I'll start with the first question and let Wetteny take the second. With regard to Librela, no, this is exactly as we expected. We were expecting an approval later this year. We continue to expect that, as we wrote in the market, there's no change there. We still require an ex-U.S. site visit, as we said all along. So I would say there's really no update there. And to your second question, when would you expect a launch? We're obviously, as we would in any product working to build up supply. But as always, in our industry and especially with regards to biologics and monoclonal antibodies, the standard in our industry is it takes somewhere between three and 9 months to get up to a full launch. So is a monoclonal antibody. We'll do an early experience sometime in the first half, again, depending on when the approval is and launch shortly thereafter. We're quite excited about this. Obviously, we're working hard to build up that supply as soon as we get the approvals of the site, et cetera. So everything on Librela is exactly where we were before, really absolutely no change there.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Chris. Good to hear from you. As you think about the economic challenges, potential economic risk across the globe, I think one thing you've seen about the animal health industry I was referencing before, the research is 86% will spend what it takes. And I think it's also really important to focus on the fact that our companion animal business is growing 50% between 2019 and 2021. As Wetteny mentioned, it was about 63%. And that is just a more durable business as you think about getting through economic challenges. We grew through the beginning of COVID, for example. As you look at it, we've grown during the Great Recession. And that was when our companion animal business was only 35%. So I think structurally, if you look at our business, it's more positive now than it was during the Great Recession, so I do think we're going to be pretty resilient as we go through those times. But I'll let Wetteny add anything wants to and then take your protein demand trend question.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I mean, I guess what we would say is that you're seeing more animals, you're seeing Wetteny's mentioned the demographics of who is adopting these animals, people who spend more time, more money on them, the aging of pets. So I'm not sure we would probably parse the data the way you do to be perfectly honest. Obviously, we are seeing increased compliance. I think alternative channels sort of online and autoship, even from clinics, is really helping driving that increased compliance. But I would say if you look at our portfolio, it's innovation. It's bringing disruptive innovation that people are excited about, looking at Paris, a single product that does three things. people are excited about. You look at monoclonal antibodies. You look at dermatology. We have great chronic medications that are not as susceptible to how many visits you make. If you get a prescription for par, it lasts the year. So I guess we would look at the data slightly differently than what you're looking at it. And more importantly, for our business, we think the nature of our business and the level of innovation and the demographics of both the number of animals and who's adopting them remains very positive.
Kristin Peck: Great. Thank you all for your questions and for the continued interest in Zoetis. I just want to summarize, I think Zoetis is off to a strong start of the year. We've got continued strength in products for pet care, and I think as you've seen, a diverse and durable global portfolio, we're really happy to be maintaining our operational growth expectations for the full year despite the negative impact of foreign exchange and other headwinds. And we're continuing to make ongoing investments in talent and technology, manufacturing expansions and innovation that have us well positioned to support our future growth plans as well. So I look forward to keeping you updated on future calls and hope you have a great day. Thanks so much, everybody.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Sure, Erin. Look, very, very pleased with the performance of Simparica Trio posting $164 million of revenue in the quarter, up 83%, became the number one canine parasiticide in the U.S. And as we've shared before, we have 90% penetration across large corporate accounts, et cetera. And within those penetrated clinics, we continue to take share as well. Satisfaction level with our product is about 90% among pet owners, and we also just launched Simparica Trio in Japan, which is a key heartworm market as well, just in the middle of this quarter. So I'm very pleased with the performance with Trio.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. I'll take this, Christine. Thanks for the question. Look, I'm very pleased with the performance of our Diagnostics business in the quarter. We grew 12%, posting $98 million of revenue. We really saw strong growth across both U.S. and international, both replacements as well as consumables. So we're very pleased with the performance of the business. In terms of reference lab acquisitions, we did not have any in the quarter. Obviously, we made a number of acquisitions that we -- in the U.S. and continue to make investments across technology. You might have seen images, for example, we've added additional indications here with blood smear in addition to fecal and digital psychology. So we continue to be very pleased with the performance of the business.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Given we continue to see very strong underlying demand from pet owners, we have very innovative products across our portfolio. We've been able to demonstrate that we can take price at or above inflation levels in the past, and we don't see any reason why we won't do that now. If you look at this quarter, for example, our total growth included 3% of price. Now if you parse that out and you look at just companion animal globally, we took 6% of price. And so we'll continue to use that lever as we proceed. But given the dynamics, Kristin just mentioned, underlying strength in the market, we'll continue to have that availability to us.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. As we've said, we've revised our guidance solely to reflect FX. We continue to maintain our operational guidance range, both top and bottom for the company that we came into in February that we gave. So from an FX perspective, top line impact is about 3%. It's about $260 million of an impact. And as you referenced, the change you're reflecting the change in FX has a wider impact on the bottom, and that's really largely driven by FX in losses given our exposure across certain currencies, particularly the euro. If you look at the first quarter, for example, you see a wider impact at the bottom that you see at the top, driven by the impact of that as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So as we said from the very beginning with the cycle DRAXXIN, we expect it to have about a 20% impact to the top line in the first year and another 20% in the second. So what we're seeing across livestock right now is playing out exactly as we thought. In fact, in 2021, we did a little bit slightly better than that with respect to DRAXXIN. And we continue to have the effects -- positive effects of life cycle innovation like Draxxin KP, and we're maintaining most of our volume. And the margin for DRAXXIN remains very attractive for us as well. So as we expected, we've seen competitors come in, but the performance has been at or slightly better than we expected. Broadly speaking, I think if you look at swine, for example, in China, there was a pretty significant impact on the quarter with respect to large stock. Again, we expected that coming in. And it's really looking at where swine prices are in China versus a year ago, where they were at all-time highs and have been at all-time lows essentially here and the lockdowns having an impact on sort of demand consumption as well in this case. So with respect to the field force, if I can transition to that part of your question, very pleased to be able to expand our field force here. We have the broadest portfolio across the market. And if you look at innovation that we have coming as well with respect to the pain franchises for Solensia that we are probably launching across the second half of this year. And as we get approval for Librela and launched that as well in the U.S., we continue to have opportunities to really capitalize on the market dynamics and the strong demand and have additional field force, which we see a strong return on those as well. We're also launching a dedicated sale force for diagnostics, separate and apart from our Rx teams, which we believe will have, again, a very positive return for us as well. Now you can see that with those plans, we still have an operational levered P&L where we're growing the bottom line above the top line. So top line in 9% to 11% and the bottom at 10% to 13% with approximately a 40% increase in our field force.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. And I'll take the supply chain part of the question, Jon. Look, our supply chain has proven to be very resilient despite challenging elements over the last couple of years. We delivered 15% operational growth last year with 14 of that in volume. So we put an ability to continue to navigate through those. Currently, we are looking at China, for example, where the lockdowns have had an effect certainly in our first quarter, and we see that in our second quarter as well, which is why we included those in our prepared commentary around Q2 expectations. But in terms of price, we are pulling that leverage 3% total for the company. On the companion animal side, which now that's about 53% of our company if you look at the first quarter, companion animal has grown almost 60% over the last two years, if you look back to 2019 level. So again, very strong market dynamics and demand. We do see the mix shift being very positive for us with more companion animal and with our innovative products that are launching as well. But we do have some offsets when you look at livestock, particularly DRAXXIN, as we just talked about in line with our expectations, but certainly are giving price and maintaining the volume and, as I said, still at attractive margins for us. But that's really the main offset if you look at it across the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Just one thing to add on the first one. For us, really, when we look at Derm, it's less about market share, it's a lot more about market expansion. There's certainly an opportunity when we look at the number of dogs that suffer from each [indiscernible] are not being treated. About 6 million, and of the 7.6 million that are being created, so a good portion of them are undertreated with either antihistamines or steroids. So we do think there's an opportunity with respect to the under treatment there. Now I'll shift over to your question around livestock, particularly around China. We have seen an increase in beef consumption here, which certainly benefits us when you look at our business in Brazil, for example, that exports into China from a beef perspective as well as in China set of activities. And so it's still -- in terms of in China, it's still relatively small compared to swine, for example, but we are seeing good trends there that are favorable to us.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I think you've covered it well, just a companion animal. It's a bigger percentage of our business now is proving to be very resilient. And structurally with respect to demographics we have more Gen Z and millennials, owning pets, more pets. And if you look across our portfolio, a number of chronic conditions that we're treating that are very resilient even as we've seen in the past and structurally even stronger now. With respect to livestock, you do see the potential for people to trade down in proteins going from beef down to chicken or pork and then et cetera. So we do think that can happen in terms of looking across the globe. We do have a growth portfolio across different species, obviously. But that is one of the areas that we think is a little bit less than what we see in companion animal, where extremely resilient. Now we do, overall, though, when you look at protein consumption, we do see that growing over time, particularly as you could look across emerging markets, growing populations increase in sort of sole income, et cetera, and growing middle class across different markets. We see those continuing to maintain growth to protein consumption, we do have the pandemic, which actually has been negative from a lifestyle perspective. I think folks look at the pandemic and think about the positive effects on the companion animal side. but that has actually been largely negative. And so we do believe that they'll -- in addition to our DRAXXIN, which we've talked about, we do anticipate a return to growth in livestock as we get out into 2023, 2024 timeframe.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. I would say it's a combination of just an increased standard of care for animals, particularly for pets that's aided by the innovation that's come out of Zoetis across derm and parasiticides and now with pain and the demographics of the owners that actually put a premium on the health of their pets that's driving this. And I think people are doing more in those visits as well, which is driving sort of the revenue per visit figures that you see, which is, again, part of the reason that we don't think the visits themselves are as meaningful as the spend per visit.
Wetteny Joseph: No, just a part of the question on the field force, I wanted to just make a comment on, which is, look, we have the broadest portfolio, as I mentioned before. And we continue to add innovative products to that. And so we carefully analyze sort of the coverage across clinics and across products for our field force and are very confident that this is an investment that's going to have that's going to yield positive returns for us across our products, existing products, opportunities to expand in the existing products as well as new products that are coming on.
