Wetteny Joseph: No. Look, I’ll just add a couple of points. Going back to Trio, we expect, as Kristin said, for Trio to grow significantly in the year, although as we now are well into our third year with a product, we wouldn’t expect it to continue to grow at 58%, which is what it did in 2022. Now the timing of our supply recovery in 2022 and the fact that as we see competition come in, it may drive some promotional activities that might drive some variability in terms of quarter-to-quarter in terms of where the growth is. But for the total year, we expect significant growth on Trio. And then on the R&D spend, it’s our practice that we don’t actually dictate what the investment in R&D is going to be. We let the pipeline dictated. And so as we see programs either coming into research or coming out of research into development or into late development as those programs require spending, and we do a full ROI spec, etcetera, on them, we go ahead and fund those. And so we’re very pleased to see that the pipeline is demanding this level of investment and we will still be able to deliver faster growth at ANI in revenue based on our guide of 6% to 8% of revenue and 7% to 9% at adjusted net income.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So I’ll start and see if Kristin would add anything here. Let’s start with gross margins. Look, if you look at the year, we were able to expand margins on the year. And certainly, as we explained in the prepared commentary, we saw FX come in to the tune of about 80 basis point headwind against gross margin in the fourth quarter. And certainly, we’ve seen input costs or some manufacturing costs impact the gross margin picture that you saw in the fourth quarter. But given where OpEx came in, you saw substantial growth at ANI versus revenue where revenue came in at 9% in the quarter ANI coming and 27% growth in the quarter. I think as we go into 2023, given the timing of our price increases, which started at the beginning of the year, as you know, certainly, we’ve seen some inflation in input costs coming out of ‘22, but we go into ‘23 price increases that start to change that as we go into ‘23, which is why we give guidance where we see about 40 basis point margin – gross margin expansion on the year. And obviously, a point, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance on growth higher at ANI versus the top line is what I would say on the margin point. And certainly, as you look at continued growth of companion animal outpacing the growth of livestock in the business, that mix will be favorable to us in addition to what I already covered from a price perspective. I think if you look at the atopic derm, we delivered $1.3 billion of revenue in 2022, that’s a 17% increase. And we’re almost at 10 years since Apoquel was launched and it’s just amazing to see that we continue to expand the market, and we believe there is more room to expand not only in the U.S., where we grew 12% in 2022, but particularly in international markets, it takes longer to get to peak sales levels, and we delivered 27% growth in international. I think we will continue to see really solid growth across the business. We have had double-digit growth in 2023. Though it may not be at the level that you’ve seen in 2021, where we grew to think about 23% and then 17% in 2022, but we continue to see room to continue to expand the derm market here.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So let me first touch on your questions around supply, and it’s Trio as well as other products. As we said in the third quarter call, while we had some outages in supply during the year, particularly in the third quarter, competitors actually took advantage of that and run promotions. And we certainly intended to run promotions as we recovered on supply, which we did in the fourth quarter. And so I think the timing of our supply recovery, whether it’s for Trio in the U.S. or for Revolution in China will drive some stocking levels, certainly as we enter into 2023, which we discussed. But I think typically, you’ll see some increase in inventory levels from Q3 to Q4 anyway, because distributors are anticipating our price increases and the intent to drive a little bit of that. So I would say when I look at across other products, it’s probably more in the range of typical increase that you would see. But if you look at Trio, we’re probably, if I had to bracket it in terms of the impact on Trio, if you back out, what would typically be an increase from Q3 to Q4 anyway. So the incremental contribution in the fourth quarter, I’d put somewhere in the $25 million to $30 million range. So it’s not a significant number for us. And certainly, as we discussed already, we factored that into our guidance, and we expect significant growth from Trio on the year. With respect to Librela, look, we continue to expect and I’m very confident that we will see an approval in a well in the first half of the year, our plans have not changed. We continue to plan to have an early experience program run on the program once we’ve gotten approval and we have the label set, etcetera, and that will transition into a launch sometime late in the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. And we will give a better bracket in terms of what we expect the impact depending on the timing of the launch and what we see through the EEP program, etcetera.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I’ll take that. And see Kristin would add on anything. We are investing in a number of areas when it comes to our supply network, upload a couple of categories, I’d say, in the short – near-term, we have investments clearly in inventory to help absorb any shocks that come through the supply chain. We’re making investments in our demand planning processes and tools to give us better visibility etcetera as well as we don’t see that we are building in, in certain aspects of our inputs now coming into our manufacturing process. Longer term, as you may have listened on the prepared commentary, we’re making significant capital investments across our network across the network in the U.S. to support our monoclonal antibodies, both for products that have already been approved and are launching. And what we have in our pipeline is well from a math perspective. It is a platform that we continue to innovate on. And then all solid dose as well, whether it’s parasiticides, derm session in various aspects. We are making investments throughout the network for those we’re making investments to support our vector vaccine manufacturing, for example, as well for livestock and so on. So we are making investments across the organization, investments in tech and digital to leverage data again, to give us better visibility as well for the long-term to support our long-term growth aspirations.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, absolutely. Look, as we said from the very beginning, we were expecting DRAXXIN to have about 20% decline in the first year of generic competition and then another 20% in the second year. The first year was slightly better than our expectations coming in somewhere around 16% decline. But the second year was a little bit worse. So, I think we are sort of in that ballpark. I think the second year is about 25%. So, we are at a level now that once we lap, I would say, the second year, which would be through the first quarter of ‘23, which is why in the previous commentary, we said, particularly in the first quarter, I think we are at a low enough level, won’t be as meaningful as an impact on us, and I think the drag on our overall are stock business won’t be as significant. So, I would still expect some pressure on livestock given where U.S. cattle, for example, as a market is we are watching swine, particularly in China and anti [ph] has across other regions to determine where we end up lending. But we think livestock will be slightly down year-on-year, maybe marginally better than we – than you saw in 2023, where livestock was down 2%.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, it’s only small addition I will do to Trio is we do get to 100% heartworm after the first dose. So – and with the product being in the market almost 3 years and satisfaction levels being very high and penetration across clinics, etcetera, we are very confident on our position as competition enters into the space. On R&D, look, I think unlike human health in animal health is not as much visibility as given with respect to what’s being specifically worked in the pipeline, we see that as a competitive advantage for us given our track record and how we continue to drive innovation in the spaces that we enter. And so we won’t necessarily be changing that significantly here in terms of what we have in here, but we have talked about various aspects of unmet needs that if you were to ask veterinary practitioners, what are the top 5 or 10 unmet needs that they have, I think you would imagine that we are working on all of those areas.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So, look, I think if you look at our 2022 results, the net price contribution is about 3%. Now if you take vaccine out, that number is about 4% and companion animal would be at the higher number here, with certain products essentially above that. Now, we are very pleased to be able to take price, which typically is about 2% to 3%. And here in 2022, it was about double what we would normally do, and we still saw about 5% volume growth in 2022. So, as we look at 2023, I think you would see price with DRAXXIN impact being less than it was in ‘23 in particular, plus how we are going into price in certain products, I think you are going to expect a higher price contribution on the year, the timing of that in terms of where customers may have bought ahead of the price increases and so on. So, you might see a little bit of a lag in terms of when you see the price picture play out, but you would see at the low end of our range, but it’s a bigger contributor. But at the upper end, it’s all additional volume. In terms of where we see clinic traffic, certainly, we have seen vet visits come down versus the peak that we saw in 2021. In the fourth quarter, visits were down about 4%, but revenue per visit was up 10% and total revenue was up 6% on the quarter. Again, continuing the trends that we see as being sustainable which is pet owners willing to pay for innovation and seeing sustainably higher revenue for pet clinics. Now, we are still very early in 2023. But as we look at data, in January, we are seeing some increases in vet visits. Again, as we expected, we have been running above pre-pandemic levels. So, even in Q4, where visits were down 12%, they were actually still 2% above Q4 2019. And so we have been saying that, that’s the element to continue to watch. I think one month is a little bit early to call it, but we are expecting visits business to be flat to up in 2023, and we are starting to see some signals of that earlier in the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, it’s great to be here in Denver with a large number of our colleagues on Valentine’s Day. But look, I think China, we have been very pleased to see how China ended the year high-double digit growth on the quarter. My comments around supply was just the timing of recovery, particularly on revolution, Revolution Plus in that market that might create some dynamics on quarter-to-quarter. But we are expecting really solid growth out of China this year. I think the first quarter though, given the timing of the COVID waves. Just as a reminder, our international segment closes in – at the end of November, which means the quarter really started in December for them. And so a lot of that occurred in the first quarter, and we are seeing that having an impact, but we do see a rebound and as Kristin said, it has implications for other markets in terms of exports into China, but we are expecting a really solid rebound there.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So, look, I think across the macro elements, we have been appropriately prudent in how we have laid out this guidance in the range that we have given today. But specifically on gross margins, if you look at inflation, as we are preparing to come into the year, we are certainly accounting for significant inflationary pressure on some of our input costs, energy, Europe, etcetera. But as we have entered the year, I think they are a little bit better than what we anticipated coming into the year, but still significant inflation that’s baked into what we have here, which obviously are more than offset by our mix and our price, which is why you see some modest gross margin improvement year-on-year as we go through the year. But we have factored in a fairly significant inflationary pressure in the gross margin figures that we gave.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So, look, when you look at our capital allocation priorities, certainly investing in the business is the first place we go. And clearly, we are poised to significantly invest in the areas of R&D as well as across our supply chain and manufacturing – you saw the significant increase in R&D spend anticipated for 2023 versus 2022. And our CapEx numbers are going to be in the range of $950 million to $1 billion on the year. Certainly, as you look at our strategic priorities, they are aligned with where we look at from a BD perspective in terms of where there might be opportunities to accelerate some of those execution on our strategies. And they span across our current slate of businesses, including some of the R&D areas in terms of external innovation and so on. BD is one of those areas, as you know, is hard to predict in terms of exact timing and so on, but it is an important lever that I would say, second after investing in the business. And then thirdly, as you saw in 2022, we are returning capital to shareholders to the tune of $2.2 billion in total between share buybacks and dividends. Alright. I think you had a question – sorry, I think you had a question in terms of new pets. Look, if you look at the growth in the industry over the last two decades, it’s been about 5% to 6%. The way I look at it, vet visits, in essence, as you see pet population growth and so on, it would be reflected in that. They have accounted for about 1% of that growth historically. So, the bigger element of growth here is really pet owners’ willingness to spend for innovation, and you see that reflected in the spend per visit figures that are far more in terms of the impact on growth historically, and we anticipate that continuing. So, as you sit here today, I wouldn’t say new pet increases is a major factor into what we are looking at. It’s our innovation and pet owners willing to pay. And the demographics of pet ownership with Gen Z and millennials willing to spend more on pet health and prioritizing those as well as higher income households that are bringing pets and more pets into their homes. Those are the factors that we watch that contribute to growth.
Kristin Peck: And our practice – just to build on that, our practice on that is that we do not include in our guidance or our budget if we’re expecting a late launch in the year. We’ve always done that as those have cover us for a while. So Librela is not in our current guidance that we provided. We will update the guidance once we have a better sense. And obviously, this is a big product and when it launches, it could have a big impact. So whether or not you have 1 month, 3 months, etcetera, 4 months, it makes a big difference. So we will update guidance once we have a better sense of that approval. So to clarify your second question, Librela is not in the guidance that we provided. We fully do expect to have it, but we will update our guidance once we have a better sense of what the exact timing is.
Kristin Peck: The only thing I would build on there, Louise, is I mean if you look at the CapEx number that Wetteny was talking about in his prepared remarks, of $950 million to $1 billion. That is clearly the highest CapEx that we have had. But I also think you should look also at what we said were about R&D. And if you look at significant new investments in R&D, those are going to be products that we are going to have to be able to manufacture in a few years. What you are seeing is the commensurate investment in our manufacturing capabilities to be able to launch those products and really critical platforms across the globe. So, we are very confident in where our pipeline is, and we are going to invest in our manufacturing capacity to deliver on those products over the medium to long-term.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I would say a few things on derm, both domestically as well as globally. We will be looking to expand and I think as Wetteny said in his prepared remarks, reaching peak sales in some of these markets takes a little bit longer outside of the U.S. So, we are continuing to see very strong growth in dermatology, both in Apoquel and Cytopoint as well as life cycle innovation remains really important for us here. The movement to Apoquel Chewable – it’s been growing much faster than we expected and the conversion there remains very, very strong. So, I think it’s both, you are going to see growth in volume, certainly potentially a little more globally. But beyond Apoquel, I mean I think Cytopoint, that’s really love it and so do customers. It’s 100% compliance. So, I think if you look at the overall franchise, Apoquel, Cytopoint, Apoquel Chewable, we will probably see greater growth outside the U.S. So, we are both looking at volume. We have taken price consistently here. And certainly, 2023 will be no different here. So, I think you will see growth from both price and from volume, you will see chewable really building on it. I think you will see a real uptick in Cytopoint. Again, we are back to absolute full supply. We, as you know, last year, did need to make some trade-off decisions there, because that the same impacts as our other mAbs and in some of our vaccines with regard to some of the COVID vaccine supply challenges we had. But we are back full speed. So, we are also really investing in other big growth drivers here will be direct-to-consumer advertising in international. So, we are going to do unbranded DTC as we have started last year. And we are really – even in the U.S., you still have 6 million itchy dogs that are currently undiagnosed and not treated. So, we really continue to see growth here, as we said, double digit, as Wetteny mentioned earlier, but I will let Wetteny take the second question, obviously, on inflation in 2023 and etcetera.
Kristin Peck: Thank you so much, and thanks everybody for your questions and certainly for your continued interest in Zoetis. And just to summarize, we see really positive and sustainable demand for our products based on the fundamental drivers of animal health, we see continued strength across our diverse global portfolio, especially in our products for pet care. And we are continuing to invest in the talent, the pipeline and the manufacturing capabilities that can support our future growth, while adapting our business to the increasingly dynamic environment where we operate. So, we look forward to keeping you updated on future calls, and thanks so much for joining us today.
