Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Mike, thanks for the question. Look, we remain really on track with EU performance, and we are very pleased to see $48 million of Librela revenues in the quarter, up 89% versus the prior year. We also launched a product in a number of new markets in our International segment including Japan, Australia, Brazil and Canada. Those contributed about $10 million for the quarter. So we continue to see really strong demand for the product, and we are starting to initiate DTC campaigns, which will continue to drive awareness across both Librela and Solensia in our markets. It is already, as we said last year, the #1 osteoarthritis pain product in the EU. Look, we won't necessarily get into what the expectations are for next year. Obviously, we'll do that as we get into guidance for the year. We are expecting to continue to see strong growth for Librela on the balance of the year. I will note, last year, we did see a bit of an uptick in the third quarter. That was, as we released the allocations that we are on, and we saw clinics order a bit more, that was offset in Q4. So just a little bit of a dynamic in Q3 and Q4. But really with the new markets as well as continued growth in EU, we are expecting very strong growth in the third quarter as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I'd be happy to take this and see what Kristin wants to add. With respect to companion animal, as we said, and I think you saw us really reiterate our guidance from an operational perspective 6% to 8%. Now while livestock has seen about 8% growth in the first half, we saw 4% growth in livestock in the second quarter operationally. We are expecting -- as we said in the prepared commentary, livestock to come in, in the low single-digit range. So I think you can clearly see that the growth in the back half of the year is going to be significantly driven by companion animal. And as we said also, given the timing of supply in 2022, we are facing -- relatively speaking, an easier comp in the U.S. companion animal business in the third quarter versus, say, the fourth quarter. So I think those will play out in terms of how you get -- how you map out to our guidance on an operational perspective, being largely driven by companion animal in the back half of the year. I think overall, not just from a companion animal perspective, overall, I would expect the third quarter to be another strong quarter for us. I would expect us to come in somewhere between the mid and high-end of our annual range. We said after last quarter, given the distributor destocking impact to a normalized growth for the rest of the year which would translate to somewhere -- if you just pick the midpoint of our guidance, that will be around 8%. We came in slightly above that, really in line with our expectations on the quarter. And so you can map out what that means for the rest of the year, but I would expect Q3 to be slightly above Q4 given what I just shared from a companion animal perspective versus less like that has a tougher comp in the third quarter, particularly in the U.S. Trio, like Kristin said, we are starting [ph] very strong quarter in third quarter despite the competitive launch, which we believe to be imminent here. Part of that is the cadence last year. I think the rhythm of supply last year clearly had an impact where we saw a bigger Q2 last year than in Q3. So I think you're going to see that play out with respect to the Trio growth. And given the first mover advantages that we have with Trio that's been in the market for over 3 years and our confidence in terms of our label, et cetera, we expect to see continued growth across Trio and a strong year for the year for Trio.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, with respect to gross margin, you saw 72.4% gross margin on the quarter in Q2. That's up about 260 basis points versus last year. FX is about 200 basis points of that. And clearly, we've pegged our overall guidance on FX based on where rates were at the end of July. So I'm not going to venture to forecast what that might mean. But in terms of the other components that are driving our gross margin, price and mix, certainly were favorable for us. And as we've just discussed with respect to livestock having a tougher comp in the back half versus companion animal particularly into the third quarter, we expect price mix to continue to contribute favorably here. The other element, of course, is really manufacturing -- higher manufacturing costs. I think typically what you see is this first half is a little bit higher for us than the second half. Part of that is the mix with respect to cattle run in the fall that tends to have a little bit of a mix down on us overall. But I would say the overall mix for the company, given the back half strength in companion animal is going to be -- continue to be favorable. So we see that being something that will consistently sustain. And again, we won't get into next year's element until we get there. With respect to the second half, look, clearly, our expectations with Trio remain that we'll see strong growth contribution for Trio and we are going to see a very strong third quarter. I think some of the -- and by the way, the year has played out, as we said, we gave a range of 6% to 8% operationally, sitting here today after delivering a very strong second quarter, we remain in line with our expectations for the year at 6% to 8%. I think if you look at some of the areas that we're watching from a macro perspective, China is one of them. I think if you look at the data coming out of China, confidence levels for consumers are low, the savings rates are very high. And so we're watching that as well as the impact it has on the Southeast Asia region given the tourism impact that China has on that region. That's one of the areas. Certainly, we are watching here in terms of what goes into our thinking with respect to the balance of the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I think clearly, a really strong quarter for us in derm in the second quarter, and we are expecting another strong quarter and strong back half for derm across and clearly Cytopoint driving that as well. Just with respect to Librela, I just wanted to add a little bit of color in terms of our thinking there. Certainly, very pleased to have received approval in May. But really, consistent with our expectations, we've been sharing for the last, I think, 2 or 3 quarters, we've been expecting an approval to be -- to come in the first half of this year followed by an early experience program and then the launch late in the year is what we've been saying. We remain on track with that. We are planning to begin the early experience program next month with the launch to follow somewhere in the November time frame. Given the holidays and what's typically a little bit slower time frame with respect to clinics, et cetera, we're not expecting the contribution here to be significant to the growth for the year. And look, we continue to see great performance outside the U.S., and we are launching in other markets as well in line with our expectations as I shared a little bit earlier with an 89% growth rate on Librela on the quarter. And so we have factored that into the guidance here, but again, not a significant contribution.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, happy to answer. Look, as we said, we really reflected two things in our guidance today is, as we said, in fact, last quarter, FX was an area that we are watching, given the volatility that we are seeing across certain currencies that we operate in. And so we've updated guidance for FX both at the revenue line, which is negative. About -- it's about 75 basis points of growth essentially on a reported basis, that's impacting FX. So we reflected that here. But it's actually a positive contribution when you come down to EPS to the [indiscernible] $0.03. So what you're seeing there from an adjusted basis is really all FX. From a reported standpoint, we're also reflecting some gains that we saw from a couple of DB [ph] deals that are elevating the reported rate from an EPS perspective. The only other color I would ask -- add here with respect to the second half from the cadence is, again, we are expecting a very strong second half from a companion animal perspective versus livestock with the comps. I think if you look at the third quarter, we probably saw a bit lower OpEx in the prior year versus the fourth quarter. So I would expect OpEx will also be a little bit higher in Q3 versus Q4 as you look at the balance of the year. But other than that, I think price is something we typically do early in the year. There are certain markets where we may do a midyear price increase as well. But overall, price is something that happens fairly early in the year and pretty consistent with what you've seen in our numbers today.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I think just stepping back from a companion animal performance perspective, we've continued to see strength there across our international markets. Even in emerging markets, just in Poland recently you're seeing a real uptick in terms of companion animal continuing to take hold. I think some of the innovation that we have may take some time to take hold in other markets outside the U.S. and it takes longer to get to those peak sales. We are continuing to see really strong derm growth across our international markets and so on. So we believe that is sustainable. The first half, we've seen really strong growth there in terms of companion animal. Across international, we saw 17% operational growth in companion animal in the quarter following a 10% growth in Q1. I would continue to expect double-digit growth, maybe not at the level we saw in Q2 in the back half for international, we continue to see double-digit growth there.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, what I would say is parasiticide is a -- the biggest sort of market segment within animal health. It's also a very competitive space. Now if you look at [indiscernible] combination, all medications, these are relatively new standard of care, and we are going to continue to see those expand the market with respect to the number of doses as well as from a price perspective. And this is the area that we play in the oral space largely. And so I would expect us to grow faster than the market. But again, it's a competitive space, and we'll continue to innovate as others do as well.
Kristin Peck: Yes, I just want to reiterate, it is not -- I would not call Trio what is driving any change in the second half. I really want to emphasize what Wetteny said and what we said in our remarks. It really is, as we are looking at uncertainties with China, Southeast Asia, Australia with the drought. So I mean, as always, when you run a large global company, I think the advantage of Zoetis is the diversity of our portfolio and the durability. And that's by market, that's by species, and that's by therapeutic area. So we are obviously seeing strength in a lot of areas, but obviously, uncertainties remain in China, Southeast Asia and certainly in some other markets around the world, certain ones such as if you look at, say, at Spain, et cetera, which has got high inflation and weather issues as well. So I would say, I just want to be very clear. I don't think your characterization of Trio specifically repairs is the concern in the second half. It is much more around some of these macroeconomic and geopolitical and whether uncertainties that we're seeing in certain markets.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, [indiscernible]. I'll take your questions and see what Wetteny wants to build on it. Life cycle innovation, obviously, is critical in dermatology. We're quite focused on it in a number of areas. I think you saw approval in May of -- or in the quarter of Apoquel Chewable which we had approved outside the U.S., but now got approved in the U.S. This is really important for a lot of pet owners who have trouble getting their dogs to take pills. So a chewable has real value there. We are also looking at monoclonal antibodies, looking at more long acting in that space. We are also looking at life cycle innovation around other species. Clearly, dermatology is a significant issue amongst many companion animals. So we'll continue to look for opportunities there. It is a big market. We will continue to lead in innovation and in life cycle innovation across a number of different areas. I said, from small molecules to monoclonal antibodies to additional species. So we are really focused there. As you look at Europe, I mean, I think for most companies that we say, the growth in Europe was ahead of what many of us expected for the year, mostly because I think we were expecting energy to be a much bigger issue certainly through the winter, et cetera. But we've seen a great strength, particularly in Northern Europe. But I would say that if you look at Southern Europe, I don't think it's performing as well as Northern Europe. They've got greater inflationary markets there as well as a number of weather issues with severe heat waves and drought across markets like Spain. But we really see the underlying demand in Europe and Northern Europe remaining strong, and we are seeing strong growth there. So I'm not sure, Wetteny, if you want to build on any of those comments.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Louise. We remain committed to the guidance we provided at Investor Day back in May. We really -- I would start with just the resiliency of the animal health industry. The industry itself, historically, as you know, grows at 4% to 6%. We see really strong tailwinds driving the industry over the next medium to long-term, increasing medicalization, especially in emerging markets, increases in population, really, the strength of the human animal bond. We are seeing increasing willingness to pay with 86% of pet owners say they'll pay whatever it takes to take care of their pet. But really where I think it differentiates Zoetis' innovation. Our innovation across chronic diseases. We look at -- what we can do as we talked about some of our new franchises that we think we will build over that time period as well. We look at an increasing global population, which is obviously driving the need for more sustainable ways of producing agriculture and meats and proteins, so we really think Zoetis will continue to outperform a market growing 4% to 6%. Historically, we've outperformed close to 3%. Zoetis is well diversified, and we are the innovation leader. We've got strong franchises today that are continuing to grow. Dermatology to be set, again this year are growing double-digit, parasiticides, OA pain, we've got strong diagnostics, emerging markets. So we really believe the industry is very attractive and very resilient. But most importantly, I think Zoetis as a leader in innovation will continue to drive this important space.
Kristin Peck: Yes. The only thing I'd also add there is one other growth that we haven't talked about much today is increase in compliance. I think if you look at retail and auto ship [ph] and injectables, I think right now, if you believe that the research will show you the average pet is really on a bet 6 to 7 months, when they should be on 12 months for many of these products. So I think if we can do a better job of driving compliance either through auto ship on e-commerce or home delivery through the vet or dual [ph] as injectables where you can guarantee compliance. So we think there's lots of potential growth drivers for Zoetis to continue to drive this market and take share.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks. As you look at the vet visits, they -- we really have seen them, on average, be flattish for the first half of the year. But to be clear, they're still ahead of where they were pre-pandemic, we do not see that as a demand issue. As we've talked about on previous calls, it's really more of a supply issue in the sense of the veterinary workforce challenges. We are working hard to partner with vets to help address this. Certainly, we are finding new efficiencies in their clinic helping to support as we can, adding more vet tech, et cetera, financial support, you name it, to support it. But we are not seeing any concerns around demand for veterinary health care. We are really focused on making sure that the supply is there. So no, we are not seeing , we don't look at the flat vet visits and have a cause for concern. Historically, just so you know, vet visits have been, give or take, flat to 1-ish historically. So this is not really concerning. And if you look at the first half of the year, we saw a 9% increase in both average revenue per visit and revenue overall in the clinic. So we are continuing to see really strong demand for veterinary care and for our product, and we don't really see that changing. And now on your second question on headwinds from student loan, we're not expecting that to be a significant driver for us in the back half of this year or in 2024.
Kristin Peck: Great. Thank you all for your questions today, and importantly, for your continued interest in Zoetis. Looking ahead, we really want to underscore that we remain confident in our full year guidance really because of sustainable underlying demand for animal health, as we just talked about, especially in uncertain times. We believe that the enduring strength of the human animal bond, their willingness to spend on pet health and the essential need for a safe and affordable food supply are all fundamental drivers of our growth. And I believe no one in the industry has a stronger set of capabilities and colleagues when it comes to meeting these customer needs, to advancing animal care and to creating shareholder value. So we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress, and thank you for your time today. Have a great day.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you so much. This is [indiscernible] on for Chris. So first question, on dermatology, can you just remind us where you are in terms of life cycle management? Any additional color that you kind of see with the dermatology portfolio kind of evolving over the next several years in terms of maybe potential new mechanisms or mode of administration. And then the second question is on Europe. You obviously had a very strong quarter for companion ex U.S. this quarter. Can you just elaborate a bit on the trends that you're seeing there and how you see them holding up in the second half of the year? Thank you so much.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [indiscernible] for Balaji. Thanks for taking our question. A quick one on the global parasiticide market. On the Investor Day, you expect the global parasiticide market to expand from 6.3 billion in 2022 to around 10 billion to 12 billion by 2032, which implies a CAGR of around 6%. You also mentioned that Zoetis expect to grow faster than the market in this segment. So would you give us above half range of the market share of Zoetis parasiticide business in the next 3 to 5 years? How much our future growth in this segment will be supported by new product launch and how much will be supported by revenue growth of Trio and Revolution Plus? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. This is Chris on for Steve. We had two questions. First, on the U.S. pet health market. You mentioned U.S. vet visits were flat in the quarter. Is this capacity driven? Or is it more related to demand and weakening new patient visits and oneness visits? And then second, do you expect any headwind from the restart of student [ph] loan repayments this fall? Thank you.
