Juan Ramón Alaix: So, thank you, Mike. So definitely, we expect the U.S. cattle return to growth in the fourth quarter. You ask what were the drivers of the impact on the third quarter. Definitely, some of the impacts have been related to the Veterinary Feed Directive that had more permanent and higher impact that we initially estimated. So this has been year-to-date, as Glenn mentioned, something like $30 million. The other impact that was specific to the quarter, was some promotional activities that we did in the third quarter of last year that we didn't repeat this year. And this had a negative impact in this quarter. And finally, we have seen that the animals because of the weather condition has been showing healthier conditions, and this has been mainly affected the use of some premium antibiotics. We expect this type of things being corrected in the fourth quarter, and then, as I said in the fourth quarter showing a positive growth in U.S. cattle. Then the second question was about price volume, and Glenn will respond to that.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, the product that we launched in Norway is specific to Norway. It's pancreatic disease that there is a vaccine or it's a condition that is quite prevalent in some part of Norway. And we were not participating in this business. Now, we have a vaccine and this vaccine is performing extremely well, and also having a positive impact in the rest of the portfolio. We are not expecting that pancreatic disease affecting Chile, but in Chile for instance we have the SRS disease, which is not affecting Norway. So we – as in many other parts of our business some of the diseases are very specific to countries or regions that's why we need to also – to respond to these diseases. We have different products depending on countries of origin. This year, we initially forecasted $125 million in revenues for the farm fish because we had some challenge in the second quarter in Chile also related to this SRS vaccine. We had some negative impact in the quarter that has been solved in the third quarter, and we expect continue growing on the SRS in Chile. But because of the impact of the second quarter, we have adjusted our projection for the year, about $110 million, $115 million. Long term, I think we expect that this business will be growing faster than the average of the animal health industry, animal health industry growing at 5% to 6%. We expect the farm fish growing faster, especially the area of vaccines in where we are leading, and we expect that we will continue bringing innovation to the market. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Alex. I will respond to the U.S. livestock question first, and then we'll discuss about the competitive landscape in dermatology. So first, as I said that we expect the fourth quarter, the U.S. cattle business returning to growth. In the U.S., the poultry business is doing very well. Pork has been challenging during the year. In both cases, cattle and pork or swine, we expect growth in 2018. I mentioned that in the swine or pork business, we expect to grow at or above market growth. In the case of cattle, what we see is that there are positive factors; export remains strong. We expect also that the number of animals will continue growing in 2018. The market is a little bit more positive now about the expansion of herd than some month ago. And the other element that we expect also will have a positive impact in our revenues will be the products affected by the Veterinary Feed Directive, has been rebased. And in terms of growth, we don't expect any significant impact in 2018. So all these elements make us confident that the livestock in general for the U.S. will be showing positive numbers. One of the things that is always important to remember is that, we have a portfolio, which is highly diverse in terms of geographies. And we know that in some cases we'll be facing challenge – one market that will be compensated with maybe acceleration of revenues in other market, which is what is happening in 2017. And we continue to expect that this will be an element that will provide more sustainable and predictable growth in our business. The second question was about competitive landscape in dermatology. Today, we are only competing with steroids, we are competing with some other products that are creating probably not significant revenues in this market. We expect that in the future, some of our competitors will bring products into the market. This is an area that we show that it's a significant opportunity. Now, we are projecting more than $500 million combining Apoquel/Cytopoint. So, it's something that definitely we can expect in the future. But just as a reference, so for us developing Apoquel took about eight years, Cytopoint seven years. So, even if competitors now are reacting based on the success that we are delivering, definitely yeah, I think we feel comfortable that in the coming years, we'll maintain our very strong position in the market. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And in terms of the VFD, we think that the impact has been mostly affecting 2017, and it's pretty much now the impact or the volume of products affected by these new directive been rebased. We expect that some minor impact in 2018, but not having a significant impact in our revenue growth. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, John. So, in terms of generic, we have not seen an acceleration of penetration in this year, so it's in line with our expectations. We continue supporting our products that are affected by generic competition with lifecycle innovation, and an example has been the introduction of the chewable formulation for Clavamox. Clavamox is doing very well, and we are delivering the results in line with our projections. In the case of Rimadyl, it's a combination of not only generic, but the introduction of our new products. But still, what we have seen in terms of a generic penetration for Rimadyl it's in line with the trends that we already projected or already discussed in previous meetings. We still think that the impact over time, it's about 20% to 40% and will remain what we still project for this type of generic competition. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you Dave. Glenn, will provide details of sales U.S. and ex-U.S., and then I will respond to your question on the R&D.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Glenn. In terms of where we invest in R&D, I think we have a good distribution of investment between livestock and companion animal. We have been successful in new products in companion animal, but this is not an implication that in the future we'll not be bringing products in poultry, swine or cattle, and also now including fish. One of the example, is that we expected to introduce a new poultry vaccines in the vector technology in the U.S. in 2018. And also, we expect to have new PCV vaccines for swine in the U.S. also in 2018. So, we continue investing in all the different areas of our portfolio, and we are not just targeting companion animal. On the contrary, we are trying really to diversify our investment and maintain the diversity in our portfolio. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: First, the decisions of other companies, definitely we cannot make any comment. But definitely having competitors that will be competing with us as a public companies, I don't see that as a negative. On the contrary, you will see that our financials are very good – are very good now, if we compare to other companies in animal health. And in my opinion, you will see that our margins are significantly higher than any other competitor. So, having this public information in my opinion will be only positive to us. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, we provide information about the two products to the veterinarians, it's up to them to decide, which one is meeting best the needs of their patients; Apoquel it's oral, Cytopoint, it's injectable. In some cases, while injectable is a preferred option for treating these type of medical condition. In the case of Cytopoint/Apoquel decisions, I think it's up to veterinarians, and in some cases that they are even combining the two products, depending on why they feel it's the best for their patients. And in terms of Cytopoint, the feedback has been extremely positive. So, we know that with Apoquel, it's now very well established in the market. Cytopoint, it was more recent, but I think feedback that we are getting from veterinarians is extremely positive; in terms of efficacy, but also in terms of side effects. So in both cases, excellent feedback from the market. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much for joining us. And again, so we have delivered very strong results in this quarter. We are very confident on the fourth quarter, and that's why we are also raising our guidance for 2017. So, thank you very much.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yes. So Mike, in terms of price and volume, for the overall business we saw about 8% volume growth and relatively flat price. And that flat price is really driven by two things. A, we saw positive price movements in international as we were able to take advantage of inflationary markets. And then, we did slightly decline in the U.S. in price in the quarter, really just driven by certain promotions that we had in the quarter. Over the long-term, we still expect to return to positive price increasing for the business.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, from a cash flow generation perspective, I think when you look at 2017, we've guided that we see our operating cash flow pretty closely approximating adjusted net income and that implies significant growth in cash flow this year, as we get out of lot of the cost related to our operational efficiency initiative, the implementation of SAP and other cost. And we continue to expect to drive cash flow growth at a faster pace than adjusted net income, as we do have opportunities in working capital, particularly in inventory that we'll continue to leverage. In terms of the gross margin, so we saw nice improvement in gross margin in Q3. And just as a reminder, in the first half of the year, we had gross margin of about 65%. As we moved into Q3, our gross margin is 67.9%. As we got away from the cost of the previous years' inventory and how we worked that through our P&L, and this was exactly as we expected and it does give us greater confidence in our full-year guidance of cost of goods at approximately 33%. And in terms of how that moves forward, while we're not giving specific guidance for 2018 at this point, we still are committed to the 200 basis point improvement in gross margin by 2020, and we do expect to see some of that come forward in 2018.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, in terms of gross margin for the quarter, Erin, and what are the components that drive it, and why it couldn't necessarily be even more favorable. There are number of factors in terms of gross margin. So, A, there is the product component that you referenced. But there is also the market mix component. And when you look at the quarter in particular, we saw stronger growth in our international market versus U.S. and as our international markets generally have lower gross margin than the U.S. in total that did impact the quarter.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So Jon, just to go a little deeper into the gross margin, so your question on Q4, I mean if you look at the year-to-date gross margin, we're sitting at approximately 66%. Our guidance would imply approximately 67%, right, which would imply a better Q4. Some of the drivers of that, as Juan Ramón mentioned, we do expect the U.S. cattle to return to growth and some of the premium anti-infectives there as well generate a higher margin and that is one impact that will give us better margin as we look into Q4. In terms of 2018 and my comments there, that was referring to full year 2017 expectations on cost of goods and an improvement over that as we move in 2018.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, in terms of the new companion animal products U.S. and ex-U.S. the ramp is definitely ahead of the curve, in terms of the U.S., just based on the timing of launches and the availability of the products. So, for example we just recently launched Cytopoint outside of the U.S. in Europe. So, in terms of the breakout between – so for total derm, we had sales of $124 million with $89 million in the U.S. and $35 million international; for Simparica, we had sales of $25 million, $17 million of that is in the U.S. and $8 million is in international.
