Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Louise, for the question. So we are convinced that now that we are finishing our work in standing up Zoetis on implementing new systems that will support our future operations, we can really identify opportunities for being more efficient in many lines of our P&L. That is something that we will continue in define business opportunities and seeing ways of improving our margins in the medium and long term.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Alex. In my comment I refer to the outlook was in for this year. So, we mentioned that in 2014, the conditions in livestock were very positive; the price of milk and meat was very high. Also there were low costs on feeding the animals. We expect that most of these conditions will remain in 2015, although we see maybe in some of the species like swine, maybe a lot of more attention in terms of price because of more supply of product. Since some of the rates that were affecting 2014, maybe we’ll have a lower impact in ‘15 like the PEDv outbreak. So, we expect that the conditions will remain favorable, although for some of the species, maybe less profitable than in 2014.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Mark. The monoclonal antibody that we mentioned today, it's a product that we neutralized the canine interleukin, which is also a key cytokine which is involved in the atopic dermatitis and also involved in sending the signs of itching to the brain of the animals. We have been investing in biopharmaceuticals for now several years. And we have been also introducing the products in these categories, not only on antibodies but on biopharmaceuticals. A good example is Improvac that was launched some years ago. And we also focus our attention to platforms that we also increase, the product portfolio that also will meet the demands of the market. We are very pleased that Zoetis is not only leading in pharmaceuticals, we have many examples like APOQUEL, that we've shown very strong leadership in that category, but also in vaccines. In 2014, we had the opportunity also to bring to the market a solution for an outbreak that it was a highly significant impact in the swine industry in the U.S., I am referring to the PEDv vaccine. And now we have used monoclonal antibody, we’re also showing that also we are leading in biopharmaceuticals. We're very pleased also that our model, which is combining investment in innovation with investment in the protecting of our current portfolio is showing a high level of productivity and leading the industry in all different areas of innovation.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Paul will answer the first part of the question and then I will make some comments about the new product launches. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: Then back to your question on ACTOGAIN or ENGAIN. Both products performance are doing well and exceeding our initial projections. One of the factors that has been also impacting the higher revenue than expected, it was withdrawn off of one competitor product one year ago. So very pleased, with also the acceptance of our two products from customers, and these two products, ENGAIN is for the swine producers and ACTOGAIN for cattle producers. Both performing above expectations. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Erin. On APOQUEL, definitely we expect that from April we'll increase significantly the production of the product, or the product availability to the veterinary market. We expect that from April we will be able to meet all the demands from the customers. And we expect also that through the year, demand will increase and then we will be able to supply all these demands with the product that will be available. As I said in my remarks, we are forecasting for 2015 revenues from $150 million to $175 million. And we are convinced that this will be a significant quality in our portfolio, and we are very pleased that all the constraints that we face in 2014 will be over in 2015 from April.  In terms of diagnostics, the diagnostics has been always -- since some years ago an area and where we have been also investing. We are convinced that this very complementary to our current portfolio and we also expect that with our internal efforts and also the acquisition of Abbott Animal Health, this will enhance our portfolio and definitely we will also consider any external opportunity and even further expressing our portfolio diagnostics. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: We expect [indiscernible] to be available sometime in 2016, which will depend on the approval from the FDA as well as the approval from EMA in Europe. And also in Canada also we expect approval. And we are working to make sure that the product will be available for the next parasitic campaign in April or around spring next year. Something that it will depend on FDA, but we expect to provide to FDA all the information needed to get this product approved on time. In terms of manufacturing, we mentioned during our Investor Day that from now until 2020, we expect an improvement in our cost by 200 basis points. And plans are moving ahead. And there is no any reason to think that we’ll not be delivering on the objective that we have. Now also we mentioned that we have three phases of our plan. We are now on Phase 1, in this Phase 1, we’ll be delivering these 200 basis points, then we’ll go into the next phase that we’ll be going to further analyze our plan network and then finally the third phase will be how we need to invest in manufacturing to achieve higher profitability or lower cost and also making sure that we have the technologies that will be needed to support our future revenues. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: In terms of pricing, the approach that we have for both like livestock and companionable is to have steady and consistent price increases. We are not trying to get the opportunity of higher prices when the conditions are more favorable to livestock producers. And at the same time, we also apply pricing increases with these conditions as less favorable. So is -- and study that has been working very well and a study that has been extended to many markets around the world including emerging markets. And we had in 2014 very positive improvement in our prices in many of these emerging markets. In terms of really definitely Abbott was a great opportunity that it was meeting all the requirements that we have in terms of business development opportunities including the strategic field, including the synergies, revenues and cost, also the financial value and the anti-trust issues. Definitely we have significant market-share, you know that we have market-share which is close to 20% and these may have some intentions in terms of a larger acquisition. We’ll consider any opportunity that is available in the market. We have a team that is aware of any kind of potential transaction that can be an opportunity for Zoetis and we will continue assessing these opportunities and as part of the evolution, we include any kind of anti-trust challenge, but we’ll limit the value of the acquisition. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Jamie and let me start saying that we have very constructive dialogue with Pershing Square, since they became the largest shareholder in the fall. And they were -- they expressed interest in having a position in our board. And given that the Mr. Doyle has a lot of operational experience and again the position of Pershing Square in our company the Board agreed to incorporate him into our Board. So, what we -- all the Board will be working including Mr. Doyle and other members of the Board, increasing the value to our shareholders. And this value can come from many different ways. Including margins, growing revenues and any kind of potential transaction. And this is something that will be part of the discussions and maybe at this point may be stipulated is not creating any additional value to the discussion. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: And about Sarolaner that is our compound, the active ingredient of our new oral parasiticides for ticks and fleas, we are still working on the label. The label is not yet finalized and not approved. And we’ll see how this is hit it's from competitors. And we know that there are already several competitors in the market, but as I said in my comments, it's a market of 2.5 billion to 3 billion. So it's a plenty of opportunities for Zoetis even in phase of several competitors. The other important point is that we have the access to the customers. We have a significant presence in all the markets, but the product will be available and the opportunity will be significant. And we are convinced that the vision of the model that we have which is our direct interaction with customers also will generate good revenues out of this product even with more or less differentiation in the market. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Yes, thank you, Jamie. While this agreement it's an agreement that its part of the tax matter agreement for which there are some restrictions until June 24. After this time there will be no restrictions but even with these potential restrictions until that date, there also maybe opportunities for company's considering transactions which are not affected by this tax matter agreement. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you for joining us today. On our fourth quarter results total year for 2014. And our guidance for this year. So thank you for joining us.
Paul Herendeen: Thanks for the question, Alex. I'll take the question regarding the FX benefit that flowed through cost of goods sold. I want to point out that the timing of the way FX flows through our cost of goods sold is somewhat difficult to predict and also when you recognize it as we did in 2014 that does not necessarily translate into a continued benefit flowing through in 2015, point of fact that could very easily turn around on us on a reported basis.
Paul Herendeen: Mark, it's Paul. First, thank you for the kind words. Yes, I had the very good fortune to join an outstanding team here. So, while I’ll take the complement, I'd also say that it's a team game here. I also want to pile on a little bit on the R&D front, because from an investor perspective I kind of think of Zoetis is kind of like two-in-one. You have a large growing portfolio of existing business and we also have this robust R&D engine, that if it were on its own, would represent an attractive investment opportunity in its own right. So great question, thank you.
Paul Herendeen: I will speak to the history because that's what we can do with respect to price and volume. Let's start with the quarter. We had total growth, as I said, operational growth 9%. Of that 9%, roughly 2% came from price and 7% came from volume. So strong in the quarter. Take that for the full-year, 7% operational growth. Again, 2% came from price and roughly 5% from volume. We got a lot more pricing leverage in emerging markets than in developed markets. I don't know if it's all that productive to go through the specifics of it, but I hope that, in general, answers your question. 
Paul Herendeen: It is Paul just a follow-up a little bit area. So the modelers out there and I know there are plenty, with respect to APOQUEL, we get through the first quarter and when we have supply we would expect a stair step for sales of APOQUEL and then with growth to follow. So I hope that provides a little better color.
Paul Herendeen: Sure, just one that is the increased sales of APOQUEL certainly help. Of course we do have a mix of our portfolio for example the guidance table you all saw the addition of the Abbott assets to our total 2015 expectations. The Abbott assets are gross profit dilutive. Now I know they are only updated guidance for 75 million of sales but we do have a portfolio so even when things like APOQUEL help, there are other parts of our portfolio that can help smooth or help – they tend to smooth that out back towards our expected 35.5% to 36% -ish range of revenues in for 2015. 
Paul Herendeen: It is Paul. I will take a stab at that and Juan Ramon may want to come in as well. Louise asked a question earlier on about margin expansion and I just want to point out that so far, we've done a pretty good job over the course of the last several years if you have looked at our reported operating margins going back to 2011 and up to ’14 and it's been a nice progression from ’18 to ’21 to ’24 to ’25 and I was broadly by rolling the top line while having some expense discipline meaning holding the line on expenses. Now a wise man once said to me it’s not all that impressive to grow into an expanding margin but I would say it may not be impressive but it is a good thing. That said, that what sets the stage. Even with respect to think about our 2015 we saw some headwinds in FX and we took some actions with respect to our operating expenses in order to be able to as best we could without impacting our business model reduce our expected operating expenses for 2015. The areas where we are most likely to have long-term opportunity are those areas that are away from revenue production and R&D and manufacturing.  And manufacturing would be more efficient to that process as we would hope to disclose to the market at some point in the future. In the area really is around those into recall enabling functions in G&A, we are still in the process of our standup. I know that is frustrating to a lot of people where we just really completed our second year on our own. We continue to have challenges in implementing systems and building out the infrastructure that will enable us to grow and control and manage what is a very complicated global business. As we make progress along the lines of the implementation for example of our global ERP package SAP, it will give us opportunity to be more efficient in our enabling functions. Now, we look at all types of expenses and I would say -- I do say constantly in investor meetings, we can always do better. So, we want to look at ways that we can deploy our capital within our business to the areas where we think we’ll get the most bang for our buck, and to the extent that we are successful in doing that over the next several years, we expect that we can expand our operating margin potentially beyond what you would be -- or what would be implied by our current long-term guidance. And to refresh for everybody what we said on Investor Day was, you look out to 2015, '16, and '17 based on what you have in front of you, is you have a company that can grow from now roughly 25% operating margin and add 500 basis point so that by growing revenues and being disciplined with respect to expense. We see opportunities to be more efficient, that would survey be additive to that. Next question please.
Paul Herendeen: The timing on that was that we would expect to be fully up on SAP by the end of the first quarter of 2016. So 2015 is a busy year for us in that regard and we’ll still have some work in the early part of 2016, but we would expect to put that behind us in early 2016.
Paul Herendeen: Yes sure, I’ll start with the SG&A in Q4, David. There were as I articulated in my prepared remarks there are some of those cost that were directly related to increase revenue. There were some dates when we get to a certain point in revenue, where we have released additional promotional spending that occurred in Q4 that might not be likely to complete unless we are trending well above our expectations again in Q4 of 2015. So I wouldn’t describe the items in there so much as one time. This is the ones that are within our adjusted SG&A. They were expenses that in large part were managed by us in the quarter, and reflect a robust revenue quarter for us and looking ahead to 2015. Thinking about the SG&A for 2015, full-year, we did reduce the range by some $35 million and no, it does not reflect any sort of a restructuring or anything. Evidence of that is if it had been a restructuring we probably would have called out in one-time cost and certain significant items restructuring charge. This was -- what I will call a normal course of business, looking at 2015, looking at where we are relative to where we want to be in us taking actions around categories that we do not think will influence that top line. So by definition, away from revenue generation mainly in enabling type functions. I hope that answers the question. Next question please.
