Kristin Peck: Great. Thanks, Mike. I'll take the first question and I'll let Wetteny take the second question on the leverage. Yes, Simparica, and Simparica Trio did had a phenomenal quarter. Overall, as Wetteny mentioned, we had 50% growth in parasiticides. But, as you look at the quarter for Trio with the $139 million, it was incredibly strong. And I would say, Trio is and has been outpacing our expectations. In fact, the Simparica franchise in Q2 was the second largest in the flea tick, heartworm space.  So, we're very excited. We expect to continue to see this product grow. The market itself has now grown to over $5 billion. So, we remain super excited. We're doing well both on our penetration of clinics, as well as reorder. So we see strong momentum that we think will continue into the second half of the year. So, I’ll let Wetteny take your second question. 
Kristin Peck: Thanks Louise. Great to hear from you. Yes, we're very confident in the durability of the companion animal trends that you've seen throughout 2020 and 2021. So, as you look in the quarter, we saw overall clinic revenues up 14% and that was equally split between vet visits and spend per visit. And our confidence in the fact that these durable trends really have to do with a few things; one, there are more pets. We've talked about that for a number of quarters.  The other thing is, it's going to increase in the standard of care, the expectations of pet owners, greater use across the portfolio, greater use of diagnostics, more people home noticing more about their pets. But the other really important trend that's going to continue to play out is who is adopting a lot more of these pets and that's a lot of millennials and GenZ and they tend of spend more on their pets. They're very engaged in their care. So, we see these as durable trends that will continue, and will remain a big growth driver for the company over the coming years. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. And I can take your second question with regards to the cat market. Yes, we think that would be incremental. It is a little hard to size the cat market today. There is really not much of an OA pain market in the U.S. There is some international products that are approved. But, as we talk about doubling the dogs from $400 million to $800 million, if you recall and it's again it's a little hard to size the cat market, maybe it's a $100 million. We think you can double that as well.  So I think that could be a $200 million market, which would make the OA category for us across dogs and cats, potentially a $1 billion market that we can play. And so, we think this is a very exciting space for us. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. We mentioned - I mentioned earlier, we do believe we will see approval in the U.S. for both Librela and Solensia in 2022 with Librela most likely in the second half. We have long-term strategies from obviously multiple sites. I don't think the U.S. will be manufactured out of Librela at launch. We certainly are looking at potentially adding sites just given the strength as I mentioned earlier of that product.  So, we have been having ongoing conversations of regulatory authorities and we remain on track for the guidance we previously provided, which is approval for both of those products with Solensia likely earlier in the year and Librela later. But you should not probably expect that we are producing out of Lincoln Nebraska at launch for Librela. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Michael. We continue to see very – we are at or surpassed all the clinic penetration that we expected for Trio. So we're quite pleased with that. And right now, we're a little more focused on reorder rates, as I mentioned. We think reorder trend for us now is I think our penetration is where we would expect it and it’s very broad across the U.S. for Trio and we're to really focused on those reorders, which we now have at 80% continuing to grow those overall reorder rates.  Direct-to-consumer advertising is critical in this category. It is $5 billion. It is a category that consumers really do go in and ask for brand. We do obviously track our ROI in this and as you've seen and as Wetteny mentioned earlier, we will continue to invest behind this brand. We have seen incredibly strong ROI in doing so. And that is why you're seeing us step up that spend.  As we talked about earlier, it has outpaced our expectations. I think that has everything to do with the innovative nature of this product, but it also has to do with the investment we put behind that in direct-to-consumer advertising and investing with our field force and we will continue to do that. You should expect this year and next year, certainly, we have a window of opportunity with no competition in the U.S. and we will leverage that opportunity.  We still don't know exactly when we'll see competition. At this point, we don't expect any into the second half of 2022 at the earliest as we mentioned. But as long as we do not have competition, we will invest aggressively behind this brand. And even when we do, we will do it as well, because we've seen very strong ROI in doing that. 
Kristin Peck: Great. Thank you everybody for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. We look forward to keeping updated on our business throughout the remainder of the year and continuing to deliver on our results and innovations that you and our customers expect. So, thanks so much for joining us today. Stay safe. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes, in terms of SG&A, indeed, the step up that you see in terms of our trend there is really largely driven by R&D investments, as well as advertising and promotion behind our strong brands, given momentum that we have in the market and the strong market conditions that we are in. We are really putting advertising behind our key brands  You mentioned Simparica as a franchise, both Trio, particularly in the U.S. and other markets, but also Simparica continues to grow internationally for us and we want to take advantage of the momentum that we have in this very large market, $5 billion plus. And so, we'll continue to do that as we enter into the back half of the year, particularly, in Q3, as we said in the prepared commentary. But that's really largely what’s driving in.  In terms of compensation-related costs, this is really more of a variable low compensation areas that are really in line with the performance of the company there, as well. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes, sure. Look, in terms of livestock, we don't see a structural change here in terms of your question and the performance that we're seeing is right in line with our expectations. Livestock grew 3% on the quarter. And as we've said, livestock has tend to grow somewhere around the 4% range in the past but we expect it to be in low-single-digits.  This year, and really the global growth in that area is driven by international markets, particularly when you think about emerging markets like China and Brazil, et cetera, in the U.S. with the generic competition for DRAXXIN, we expected to see some headwind there. And it's really playing out in line with our expectations.  One more point I’ll make is, if you recall, in Q1, we did have some promotions again in line with our generic defense strategy that really accelerated some of our revenue into Q1 from Q2. So that's playing out a little bit in terms of what you're seeing in the livestock figures for the U.S. But we expect to see further declines in terms of livestock for the remainder of the year and all that’s factored into the guidance that we raised today as well. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes. Look, we certainly - given the safety and efficacy profile of these products, we expect to be priced at a significant premium to existing therapies including on remedial. So, I would say, it would be above sort of our average gross margin that you see across our portfolio. 
Joseph Wetteny: I'll start and see if Kristin wants to add anything. In terms of non-therapeutics, if you look at diagnostics, for example, where we saw 38% growth this quarter. So roughly $99 million of revenue on the quarter on the base of what we reported for the year. So, in relative terms, it's not the largest proportion of our revenue streams, certainly, but we are, very much excited about the potential for the future in the very fast growing markets as diagnostics which is expected to grow faster than the overall animal health space for us.  And really one more point that I'll make is, overall, we expect diagnostics as Kristin covered earlier, does have the impact continuum of care, we think overall increasing the use of diagnostics as we look to medicalization across pets will have a positive effect on overall therapeutics in the long haul, we think that's also an exciting opportunity for the long-term. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes. Look, one thing I would add in terms of parasiticides, I think it's a $5 billion market, that's growing around 5% and we're gaining share in this marketplace. We do think that with a triple combo, it's improving compliance with respect to heartworm, et cetera and so that we'll have the opportunity to continue to expand the market, as well.  So we're very pleased with the performance across our parasiticides portfolio and the share that we're gaining. We will continue to invest behind this product and this portfolio, as well. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes, look, certainly, and when you look at our guidance, compared to where we started in the year and given the overall market - positive market dynamics that we see, our portfolio is performing very well. Kristin covered some of the trends around vet visits and so on. All those are contributing towards optimism and you've seen the year-to-date performance that we've delivered.  And in fact, we've taken our guidance in terms of top-line operational growth up from where we started in the year at 9% to 11%, now at 12.5% to 13.5%. So full three points above where we started the year. So, we're very pleased with how we started the year. I think if you look at from a overall perspective, certainly, the first half and the second half of the year, if you look at purely top-line, it's really roughly in line, pretty consistent sort of phasing across the year.  The growth rates will moderate based on last year, largely not really a matter of how this year is executing for us. We're in a very positive market dynamic with very strong performance across our portfolio. Last year, given the pandemic, there was a bit of variability across the year. There was disruption in the first half of the year, given COVID-19, which created more demand that got pent-up and caught up in the back half of the year.  So that's going to create a dynamic in terms of what the Vs look like in terms of growth rates first half versus second half. But we are very pleased with where we are and we are going to continue to invest behind our key portfolios and brands. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes. Look, I mean, look, if you look at livestock across the world with protein consumption population growth, income levels rising, et cetera, we expect those to continue to drive growth in livestock for the long-term. We delivered 3% on the year, as we said it’s as expected and as was covered in the prior earnings call, we expected declines in the U.S., particularly given the generic entry for DRAXXIN.  Now, the first quarter did benefit a bit from two things. One, there was a little bit of a delay in terms of the entry of generic for DRAXXIN, but also we ran a promotion in the first quarter that accelerates some revenue into Q1 taking it out of Q2. So, if you take those in consideration, which are exactly in line with our defense strategy, livestock really is performing exactly as we expected.  Now, given that the intensification of generic competition as we expected, just began really into the late first quarter into the second quarter, we expect the decline to continue. And again, they are right in line with our expectations here. 
Joseph Wetteny: Look, given our global footprint and presence, you should not beat anything into the location of manufacturing in terms of where products are destined to. In particular, we'll continue to leverage both our footprint as well as third-parties that are manufacturing. And so I wouldn't draw any conclusion from that. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes, sure. So, in terms of capital allocation, you should expect consistency in terms of how we've managed capital allocation with the focus first and foremost on internal investments. We have opportunities in terms of R&D, investing behind our brands, on advertising and promotion perspective, CapEx to support our growing pipeline including monoclonal antibodies, et cetera. That's really our first priority.  Of course, we'll take advantage of any opportunities from a business development perspective for M&A that helps to accelerate our growth in various markets in areas, as well. So that really follows in terms of investments. And then, as we have free cash flow generation very strong free cash generation, we'll look to return cash to our shareholders.  We’ve increased our dividends as you've seen typically faster than our revenue and we reinitiated our share buyback program, which we were continuing. So, that remains consistent, I would say with the best. 
Joseph Wetteny: Yes. So, look, certainly in Jurox, we are excited to be bringing them once we get through the process here over the next six months and close the transaction. We try to bring Jurox into the Zoetis family. Australia is our fifth largest market globally. And this is really at our core. It does increase our presence in a therapeutic area with the leading product, as well.  So we're very excited about that opportunity and what it does for us. And we will continue to look for bolt-on opportunities to bring on both the core, as well as other areas of the business whether it's diagnostics or what have you, as well. 
