Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, John. We have not seen any impact on price in our Livestock business. Definitely, yeah, that is something that can have an impact on some of the U.S. producers. Same time, because of our international presence and because the consumption of animal proteins will remain the same, we expect that anything which is not produced in the U.S. because of the implementation of a tariff will be supplied by other markets where we also have activity. But maybe talking to two areas that represent the biggest concerns, one is China and the tariff on the importation of pork. Our swine business in the U.S. represent 3% of our total revenue. 80% of the production in the U.S. is for local consumption and about 20% is for export. But in the case of exports, China only represent about 10% of these 20% of exports. So for our total revenues, this is something that would not have any impact. Definitely, we want to support our U.S. customers and I think it's something that we'll continue working to ensure that they manage any impact. What percent of bigger impact is the NAFTA discussions. Definitely the export to Canada, the export to Mexico are significant and hopefully the U.S. government will achieve a good agreement with these two countries and they will continue supporting agriculture and livestock in the U.S. So next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Kevin. And our capital allocation priorities remain the same. So we'll continue investing internally. We have been showing that these investments are having a high return. This year we are increasing our capital expenditure in manufacturing to ensure that we have the capacity and the capabilities that will be needed to support future growth. We'll continue investing in DTC to support key programs and we are expanding our field force to support diagnostic portfolio in the future. We'll continue also assessing external opportunities at divisions. We'll remain focused on anything that will meet the criterias of a strategic asset, and also value creation, and it is something that we are regulating the cash really to contemplate this type of acquisition, but at the same time will remain very disciplined on ensuring that the return generated is through any type of external position. And we'll continue paying dividends and also buying share backs in line with what we have been communicated in previous discussions.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. So then, since you are asking a similar question, I will ask Glenn this time to answer to provide a different type of comments.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for the questions, Mike. So we reported this quarter in Companion Animal U.S. 6% growth. When we say that we expect that, you say, growth in Companion Animal U.S. will be higher for the total year, we saw some impacts in the first quarter that Glenn will describe, but as I said many times, one of the advantages of Zoetis is the diversity of our portfolio and this diversity in terms of species, in terms of therapeutic areas, geographies. It's helping us to be consistent in terms of generating revenue growth. But maybe Glenn will talk about the impact or some of the problems in line portfolio in the U.S. volume, price and what are expectations that we have moving forward.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And maybe adding that also the parasiticide portfolio including REVOLUTION was affected by a cold March. This is something that we have seen also affecting the overall parasiticide portfolio not only for Zoetis, but also from our competitor. So you also asked about diagnostics. Well, in diagnostics, we continue investing internally to develop our portfolio and we are making progress in this area. We already have products that we are offering to veterinarians, mainly Companion Animal, and what we started it's building our field support and the field support in (32:03) is field forces in all locations (32:06) that will be supporting our current and future portfolio. We started in the U.S. We are now also expanding in key international markets and we'll continue until we complete what we think will be the needs of field support for our diagnostic portfolio. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Dave. And we expect higher growth for Companion Animal in the U.S. for the total year. And we expect that the higher growth will be coming from, well, the strong season on parasiticides that is now starting. Also the investment in DTC that has started in the month of April, so no impact in the first quarter. We'll be increasing our campaigns for DTC for increasing awareness on dermatology conditions and also we'll be also investing in DTC for Simparica. So all this should generate expansion of the market in dermatology and also continue grow in terms of a market share for Simparica. So we are optimistic about generating a higher growth in Companion Animal in the U.S. for a total 2018. In terms of the R&D investment, we are increasing our allocation for R&D. We have a strategic program that we are supporting. We also added some additional products with the acquisition of Nexvet that now we are supporting. We are also increasing our allocation for diagnostic R&D as well as increasing also investment in fish. So all this it's really increasing the level of allocation that we are – we are reallocating (35:05) that to R&D, and we are very confident that we'll maintain the same level of total activity that we show in the past. Glenn, if you want to add some additional comments either on the U.S. or R&D, please...
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Chris. And we are investing in lifecycle or new product innovation about the same. So we are very much balance how much these investments in our current portfolio compare to the products that will be new into the market and creating some additional growth. And in terms of what are we most excited about R&D. Definitely, we are very excited about monoclonal antibody. We have now one monoclonal antibody which is working extremely well and generating a very positive growth and missing the demand of our customers which is CYTOPOINT which is complementing APOQUEL. But we see monoclonal antibody as platform for many other indications including pain for dogs and cats and we see that, especially for cats, it's a significant unmet need. There's nothing specific for cats today. We state that monoclonal antibodies will cover this need and will generate very positive feedback from the market. We are also excited and will continue investing in sarolaner which is the molecule of Simparica and combining this with other active ingredients to extend the protection of dogs and cats to other parasiticides including internal and external. And we continue also excited about finding ways of integrating more the different aspects of healthcare, not just vaccination or treatment but also prediction with the genetic market, genetic information, and also detection with our diagnostic investment to build our portfolio also to cover from prediction, detection, prevention and treatment. And all across that ensuring that we use digital data analytics to really increase the value of our R&D investment. So definitely we are working on all these aspects and we think that they are great opportunities in both the Companion Animal and Livestock. And we see that integrating all these elements of healthcare will also have an impact on R&D but also an impact in our value that we'll be delivering to our customers. And let me ask Glenn to talk about tax rate for 2018 and 2019.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jami and I will answer first about the competition that we may expect for APOQUEL, CYTOPOINT and then Glenn will talk about the U.S. growth and also in line and also the rest of the portfolio. So as you know there is very little information about R&D in our industry. Most of our competitors are part of big pharma companies and they don't have the need of disclosing the details about R&D like in human health to support the future growth. It's something that is much more complicated. We should expect that in the future we'll have competition for APOQUEL and CYTOPOINT. There are some indications that the company was offering the monoclonal antibody that maybe have some activity in allergy, but it is information that they provided. They're still far from reaching the market because it was very early stage of development so it will take several years to reach and market. Apart from that, maybe some competitors are also working on developing this type of portfolio. We are very confident that first we have very strong asset protection for APOQUEL, that that will go through 2029 and for CYTOPOINT it will be even longer. And we have two products that has been demonstrated efficacy and also safety and that has been extremely well accepted by the market. So definitely competition one day will come but we're still very confident that we have very strong portfolio and very strong way to support our portfolio. And Glenn will talk about the U.S. Companion Animal growth and the breakdown between key problems and in line portfolio.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, the consolidation on vet clinics, it's something that is happening and we expect that that will continue in the future. We have now Banfield and VCA, they're consolidating and representing, it's about 2,000 clinics in total. And it's a significant customer. We have excellent relationship with both VCA and also with Banfield. There are other group that are now consolidating and we'll see that many individual clinics will be also forming and buying groups or other sorts of networks. This definitely will have pressure in terms of pricing. But at the same time, we are very confident that the portfolio that we have which includes products which are highly differentiated also will help us to manage this situation or to manage volume and price discussions. And this is also something that we are incorporating in our projections. It's something that will happen in the U.S. We'll see also some type of buying groups in countries like the UK or France. It's part of what we should be expect in the future, but at the same time, with this consolidation, it's also increasing the opportunity to integrate more many of the things that we can offer to these clinics. So next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: I will start with a comment on Simparica. Glenn will provide more detail. But we have seen that the interaction of Simparica in international markets continue growing and continue growing there very nicely. And we see that the opportunities of growth in international markets are in line or even higher than our expectation and we are both very confident that Simparica will reach a significant part of the revenues in the future in international markets. But maybe, Glenn, you can go into more detail.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for the questions, Kathy, and let me start saying that, well, we are focused on for pain for dogs mostly on monoclonal antibodies. We think that the current treatment that exists in the market related to NSAIDs or other type of solutions are well covered, but we see the opportunity of bringing monoclonal antibodies that will provide excellent efficacy to treat the symptoms of pain and also excellent safety profile. We have seen that, well, Galliprant had a good increase in 2017. Maybe they are reaching some level of plateau in terms of growth. And we are convinced that the portfolio we have today with RIMADYL, RIMADYL, it's a product that has been in the market for many years. It's extremely well accepted there based on brand equity, and we'll continue supporting RIMADYL in terms of oral formulations and developing these injectable formulation with monoclonal antibodies. In terms of demand for non-antibiotic or antibiotic-free proteins, we have seen that in poultry. It has been increasing there, the production of antibiotic-free, and the advantage of (58:39) is that we can also offer alternative to antibiotics and protein have been growing very nicely with this alternative and we have not seen the negative impact of the reduction of antibiotics in poultry. In other species, it's much more complicated to move to antibiotic-free production because they're much more exposed to external pathogens and with this exposure, so the infections are much more complicated to achieve with biosecurity and other healthcare protocols. In any case, we'll continue working internally to identify alternative to antibiotics that will protect the animals. One of these alternatives is where we are investing and will continue investing is vaccination. But we know that despite of all healthcare protocols and vaccinations there, animals get sick and when they get sick, they need to use antibiotics. Otherwise the impact in animals, in the productivity, but also the potential impact to humans will be extremely negative. So we'll work on alternative, but I don't – we don't see that antibiotics can be replaced in some of the species like beef or even pork. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: More than providing specific timing for the launch of the product, but in some cases, as you know, first, we don't want to provide information to our competitor. That will be a negative to us, and we want to make sure that when we launch a product that we maximize revenues and profits as fast as we can. And providing details probably will reduce the opportunity to maximize our new product launches. But definitely we'll see that we'll be launching in the next coming years combination of sarolaner with other active ingredients to cover internal and external parasiticides, as I mentioned. You will see that we are introducing also monoclonal antibodies for pain in dogs and cats. We'll continue bringing new innovation in terms of vaccines. In 2018 we introduce an expansion of our Fostera line with the first vaccination for PCV2, combining 2a and 2b, and also providing cross protection against 2d. So we are very pleased with the way that we are investing in our portfolio. And there will be many other things that we'll continue discussing in the future. But we prefer at this point not to provide too many details of specific programs or time, because I said this is something that we are – we want to protect our future launches and not to provide too much information to our competitors. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, we have excellent collaboration with both and we expect that this collaboration will be maintained in the future with the combination of Henry Schein and Vets First Choice. We see also that this JV will increase compliance, mainly on the chronic treatment and this an area that we will have a benefit for pet owners, a benefit for veterinarians and also benefits for manufacturers. We think that this type of JV also will increase the support to veterinarians and it's an area that we are 100% aligned in terms of keeping veterinarians at the center of any healthcare decision. And we think that this type of JV will expand also the presence in international markets. Vets First Choice is mainly focused on the U.S. today, but with their JV they maybe expand to other markets and definitely we expect to have a good collaboration with them. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And this a business which is, as you said, is not core. It's helping us to increase the volume in some of our facilities and the absorption of overhead. But definitely is not an area that we are promoting or we are trying to increase the business through these third-party contact with in manufacturing. So our next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much for joining us today. And as we said in our comments, our results in the quarter were very strong. We are very confident on the projections for the year and we'll continue having interactions with you to provide future results. So thank you very much.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah, and the only thing I'll add, Kevin, as Juan Ramón said, our priorities haven't changed. However, we continue to have additional capacity and flexibility to execute on those priorities. And as we mentioned, our cash flow generation continues to increase also with tax reform. We have more flexibility and access to that cash and as you indicated in terms of your question around dividends versus share repurchase, we continue to prefer share repurchase as it does give us flexibility to execute on our other capital allocation priorities.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: In terms of the magnitude of the cash generation and how we expect that to increase particularly for 2018, I think as we look at that, while we don't provide specific guidance on cash generation, for 2018, you could pretty much expect it to increase at the pace of our adjusted net income. So again we'll see continued expense in cash generation, continued flexibility to execute on our capital allocation priorities. Right? Our current guidance for 2018 includes the investments that we have internally. We've also referenced that we expect capital investments to be up in 2018 and then we'll continue to look for business development opportunities that have both the strategic and right financial rationale. To the extent that those materialize, we'll adjust our share repurchases either up or down depending on the magnitude of business development.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So as we indicated, we don't provide necessarily quarterly guidance. A couple things though that we will point out related to the quarter, as we referenced on the call, a change in our accounting calendar. That does provide a slight benefit to growth in revenue, particularly in Q1 and Q3 to the tune of about a half point to a point of growth. That reverses in Q4 where we'll see negative impact to growth from a number of calendar days by about 1% to 2%. The other thing, just to point out from a growth perspective, obviously we face tough comparison in Q4, particularly based on the strength of the U.S. Livestock performance in Q4 2017.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah, in terms of the impact of competition in the U.S., there were three products that especially faced the competition. It was CLAVAMOX, RIMADYL and REVOLUTION. CLAVAMOX, competition was really coming from generic sellers, primarily volume, but some price expense as well. And with CLAVAMOX, we have launched CLAVAMOX Chewables which we do expect will minimize this impact as we move forward. RIMADYL was really impacted by Galliprant and continued penetration of Galliprant and it's really a factor of the comparison year-over-year as the growth in the competition expanded throughout last year. So, we're in the toughest quarter in terms of comparison growth year-over-year. And then REVOLUTION, really Bravecto for cats was the biggest challenge from a competition perspective. And again, more volume competition there.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. Just to add to the U. S. Companion Animal growth comment. Just one thing to consider particularly for the quarter, the quarter was negatively impacted by Simparica growth in the quarter and that was really driven by a tough comparator to Q1 of 2017. So if you go back to 2017, we had strong sales in Q1 and then a sharp decline in sales in Q2. We're not going to see that same pattern in 2018. So while Simparica was a decliner in growth in Q1, we expect that to drive growth in Q2 to Q4 as well, which will then help accelerate growth in Companion Animal throughout the year.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of the derm portfolio, so for the quarter, we had $122 million in sales and derm growing nicely, over 50% growth. Of that, $83 million was U.S., $39 million was international. The break out of $122 million between APOQUEL and CYTOPOINT, there was $99 million in APOQUEL, $22 million in CYTOPOINT and obviously there's just a little bit rounding in the numbers between the two.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. The only other thing I'll mention on fish in terms of sequential quarters versus Q4 is the PD season, as we've indicated, really is in the second half of the year. So that's part of the step down between Q4 and Q1 performance as well. In terms of Simparica, we have indicated that we expect that product to be a blockbuster with sales of greater than $100 million and that still is our expectation for Simparica.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of the tax rate, the guidance that we had provided in February, we had spent a lot of time trying to understand the new law and providing that guidance. And we really haven't learned anything new to date that changes our expectations for the approximate 21% to 22% that we have for 2018. Over time, we'll continue to look for ways to grind down the rate but we don't see it changing substantially from the 21% to 22%.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: For U.S. Companion Animal growth, when you back out the impact of derm, you especially get to flat growth for the rest of the portfolio. And that was driven by a number of factors. A, we talked about the competition that we experienced on the three products that we described. We also had the negative impact of some of the quarterly variation with Simparica that we do expect to reverse as we move throughout the year. Offsetting that was growth in some other new product as well that contributed nicely and growth from some other in line portfolio as well. So overall, we were flat when you take out the impact of dermatology.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. Just to add to that point, so Simparica internationally grew 100%, over 100% in the quarter, so very strong growth internationally. To break out, there was $31 million in sales for Simparica for the quarter; $18 million of that was in the U.S., $13 million was international. In terms of operating margin, so as we've said in the past, we're not focused purely on generating higher operating margins. We're (55:30) both driving profitable revenue growth and improving on our overall cash flow. And that's going to continue to be our focus moving forward. That being said, we believe our long term value proposition is very much in place in terms of our ability to grow revenue at a faster pace than OpEx and therefore drive adjusted net income growth at a faster pace than revenue. You reference in terms of competition and global scale, we believe in the majority of the markets that we operate, we currently have the scale and infrastructure to support the anticipated revenue growth that we have moving forward. To the extent that there are some changes needed, they'll probably be more in the incremental house (56:05) to support additional revenue growth and would not change our cost structure materially.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. That one really is just timing of orders. That business, it varies by quarter so I wouldn't read anything into the first quarter performance.
