Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Jessica. Let me answer the comment on cattle and then also the recovery that we can see on the second quarter. So on cattle, definitely the drought impact has been already solved, and the drought mainly impacted the price of the corn. The price of the corn now, it’s at a level which is in line with what we had before the drought impact. But we have seen in the U.S. is that the cattle has been declining in 2013. According to information that we have from external sources, the cattle herd declined by 2%, which compares the number of animals at the beginning of January of 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. We expect that now that the price of beef is very high, it’s really reaching record highs in terms of price, there will be an incentive for cattle producers to rebuild the herd; but this will take some years, as we expressed previously, because it takes two to three years really to have these rebuilt. We expect that at the end of 2014, the herd will have a small increase of a little bit less than 1%. Also, because of some of the cows will be kept to rebuild the herd, there will be less placement during 2014. We saw a significant increase in the first quarter in the number of placements by 5%. We expect that in the following quarters, this will have some moderated placement and at the end of the year will be in line with 2013 or slightly below. In terms of what we expect for the following quarter, I think we have some unique items in the first quarter. In the U.K., Australia, also the cold weather in the U.S., we expect these items not affecting our performance in the quarter, and if you see our guidance, we are maintaining the guidance which means we expect higher growth in the remaining quarters. Additionally, we have a significant impact on foreign exchange in the first quarter. Based on current exchange rates, we expect that in the second quarter the impact will be much lower. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Kevin. So let’s start with PEDv. The PEDv, it’s affecting significantly the swine industry. The estimate of the total impact is 50% of sows have been affected by the virus, and this is translating into something like a 10% reduction on the herd in swine. The impact on the first quarter as well as the rest of the quarters is something that we are incorporating in our guidance, and we are also managing this situation because again, the price of pork is very high and this is also incentivating producers to use products that will protect better the animal that will have more value. So we have in one side, the negative impact of PEDv affecting a number of animals, but at the same time the high value of these animals which is increasing the use of premium price, which is the space where we mostly compete. So there are two elements that are in some way balancing, although the impact on PEDv will be higher. In terms of ractopomine, we launched Engain. This product is specifically for swine. The product has been introduced already and it’s—the results are in line with our expectations, and we expect Engain to compensate partially the negative impact of PEDv.  In terms of companion animals that you also asked what was the impact of the cold weather in the U.S., the impact was mainly related to two factors: one, it was a reduced number of visits to veterinarian clinics, and second there was a delay in terms of growing tics and fleas. Now the situation, it’s normalized and we expect that this temporary impact will be compensated in the second quarter. Definitely we have some revenues that will be lost because of these pet owners not visiting the clinics, but on the total year we don’t think that this will represent a significant impact. In any case, it is already incorporated in our guidance.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Wes. I will answer on Apoquel and then Glenn will cover the question on the gross margin. Apoquel is still having big sales over time, reaching the status of (indiscernible), so more than $100 million, and we remain confident that this product will significantly exceed this $100 million. What we estimated for 2014 was a switch from current therapies, mainly steroids, to Apoquel at a different rate than we have seen after the introduction of the product, so this has created a higher demand than expected, and because of manufacturing it’s complex, we need to really produce all this product, which is a small molecule, but it takes something like 12 months from the raw materials through API – active pharma ingredient – and then finished good. We have the limitations of this lengthy manufacturing period to ramp up production and to meet all the demand of the market. As I said, we expect that the manufacturing will be normalized in 2015 and at that time we’ll be able really to supply all the demand for the product.  And now, Glenn will answer the question on gross margin.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you for the question. Definitely the pressure to reduce the use of antibiotics in regions like Europe and more specifically in western Europe continues affecting industry revenues. In 2013, the use of anti-infectives in Europe declined by 7%. This was not only because of the pressure but also the introduction of some generic products into this space. If you will compare the 7% of the industry decline to our 2% decline, it indicates that we have been managing very well the challenge on antibiotics in western Europe and we have been able really, thanks to the breadth of our portfolio and the direct interaction with our customers, to maintain a strong position in antibiotics. The antibiotic pressure was mainly focused on northern Europe while in southern Europe or eastern Europe or Africa-Middle East, we don’t see a significant restriction on the use of anti-infectives. If I move to other regions, I would say that in the U.S., for instance, the focus has been on restrictions related to the use of anti-infectives in growth promotion. We agree with the FDA to remove this indication from our label to those products have this growth promotion indication, and overall we think that despite this pressure that definitely will continue in Europe, and we have seen new regulations in countries like Belgium or France. We expect the antibiotic to continue growing at a lower basis, although a lower pace than the growth of animal health.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Okay, and you also asked about M&A and the consolidation of—the impact in terms of the consolidation. So first, I think the recent news on this consolidation, in my opinion, are positive for the animal health industry because they are showing the high value of the assets in this industry. At the same time, I don’t see that this is changing significantly the competitive landscape, so in our opinion the model that we have, which is going to the market that we have a direct force, direct sales force, also supporting our revenue with innovation in terms of R&D, and high quality manufacturing is a model that has been showing significant strength. As a reference, in 2013 the market grew by 7%--4%, sorry, and Zoetis grew by 7%. This indicates that despite the challenge or despite consolidation and even the time that we were involved in the separation from Pfizer, so we were able to grow much faster than the market.
Juan Ramon Alaix: I will ask Glenn to go into the details of this cash plan, but let me have some general comments on our cash philosophy. Definitely Zoetis will generate predictable and steady cash flow. We will identify opportunities that will increase the value of our company, and one of the areas that we think that we can increase value is also accessing opportunities in terms of M&A. We will assess opportunities based on (indiscernible) and also the return on the investment, and definitely we have integrated many companies in the past. We have the knowledge and the capabilities to make these integrations successful and we will continue assessing any opportunity that the market will offer. And now, Glenn can provide some additional comments on cash.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Louise, for the questions. Definitely we have pricing power and then we have increasing prices in most of the countries. Definitely in countries which are more developed, we have more opportunities to increase prices while in emerging markets, because of local competition, we see the opportunity in terms of volume higher than prices. In general in the industry, it’s also increasing prices, and according to external sources (indiscernible), they are indicating that on the total growth anticipated for 2014, this 5% will be balanced between price and volume. We are confident that because of our model and the strength of our portfolio, we’ll be able really to implement the price increases in most of the geographies. In terms of the question on separating costs, maybe Glenn can provide some comments on that.
Juan Ramon Alaix: And let me finish with your question on cash flow. Definitely this company will generate cash in a way that will be strong and also predictable and steady, and we will use the cash in a way that will maximize the value of Zoetis and also the value for the shareholders.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Ariel. On Apoquel, Apoquel will represent in 2014 approximately 1% of our total revenues, so it means that in terms of revenue growth, it will represent also about this 1%. Our model is not based on bringing new products to compensate the loss of exclusivity or the duration of the old portfolio, but our model is to continue investing in our current portfolio in a way which is a balance with the investment that we make in generating new products. So because of generic competition has a different impact in our industry, we are able really to continue supporting our product with (indiscernible) life cycle management. We can continue investing in indications, we can continue investing in the current portfolio, moving a product from different species. We can also work on combining producers to maintain these products fresh and generating growth, and also we can invest in expanding our portfolio geographically. Definitely new products will represent a portion of our growth, and if you take our total growth, a portion will come from price- we mentioned that this will be approximately 50% of our revenue growth will be coming from price, and then in terms of volume two-thirds will be coming from our current portfolio and the way that we are maintaining our current portfolio life, and one-third will be coming from new products. These are general statements that can be different depending on the years and depending on the new product introductions or the success of being in also innovation to our current portfolio. In terms of what will be the impact of the consolidation since some of our competitors will increase scale, we are already competing with large companies, companies that already generate more than $3 billion, and we have been proving that our business model is extremely effective and efficient, and we based our model, as I mentioned, in our great introductions, bringing innovation in both new products and supporting our existing portfolio, and the quality and reliable supply. The combination of all these elements and the way that we are executing our strategies is what is making our differentiation in the market, and we are convinced that despite this consolidation we remain very competitive and growing in line or slightly faster than the market, despite having a market share of 20%. And very important, also our plan is to increase our earnings faster than revenues with the right focus on expenses and also the right focus on improving gross margin.
Juan Ramon Alaix: So thank you, all of you for joining us on today’s call, and thank you for your interest in Zoetis and our first quarter performance. Thank you very much.
Glenn David: Sure, so thanks for the question, David. Related to the higher ETR in the quarter, it’s driven by a non-recurring discrete item, as we discussed, and it’s related to an intercompany inventory adjustment. While the impact is fairly significant for the quarter, over the course of the year we believe it’s very manageable within the overall tax rate that we reaffirmed today of approximately 29%. In terms of our view of entering into any further transactions, we continue to evaluate all options to increase the value of our business. At this point in time, we do not see ourselves entering into a transaction like you mentioned, and I also want to mention that we are subject to certain provisions under the Tax Matters Agreement which might limit our ability to do that.
Glenn David: Sure. So in relation to the question on gross margin and specifically to geographic mix, emerging markets did outpace revenue growth of the developed markets this quarter, so that was a negative driver on mix for the quarter; however, in terms of the favorable impacts of gross margin, we referenced the impact of foreign exchange providing about a 50 basis point benefit. That’s driven by the fact that FX at revenue had a negative impact of 3% but at adjusted cost of sales it had a favorable impact of 4%, so that drove the 50 basis point improvement. The other thing in terms of cost of sales is we do expect the cost of goods sold in the second half of the year to increase as the cost of building up our global manufacturing and supply organization will be most evident in the second half, and that will bring us in line with the 35.5% guidance we confirmed today.
Glenn David: So Erin, specific to your question on Apoquel, we don’t see a significant increase in cost related to ramping up production. In general, increased volumes relate to additional efficiencies and should be a beneficial factor to cost in the long term.
Glenn David: Sure. So in terms of the cash flow statement for the quarter, as part of our earnings release process we don’t provide balance sheet or cash flow information. That information will be available in the 10-Q to be filed next week.
Glenn David: Sure. So the guidance that we reaffirmed today does include some certain significant items and acquisition-related costs primarily related to standing up the organization that we’ll experience in 2014. In terms of the operating costs, the guidance also reflects some of the dyssynergies that we may experience this year related to being an independent company, and we highlighted some of those in terms of the incremental costs related to our corporate functions and some of the incremental costs in terms of building up our global manufacturing and supply organization, but we still believe in the long-term ability to be able to grow expenses at the rate of inflation.
Glenn David: Sure. So in reaffirming our tax rate of 29%, we also indicated that that does not include the benefit of the R&D tax credit, which could provide an additional benefit of about 50 basis points. I’ll just reaffirm what the company has said in the past, that the rate of approximately 29% is generally the long range rate in which we think we could operate.
Glenn David: No, the only thing I’ll add is to Juan Ramon’s point about the expectation to grow revenue—to grow income faster than revenue. We expect that across all of our regions, both the developed and the emerging.
