Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Louise. It's Juan Ramón. Well, on the question on the livestock and how we plan to grow this business in price or other volume growth, definitely, we'll continue applying the same strategy in terms of pricing that can be justified through outcome and providing the value to our customers. We continue having these prices vary constantly over the years, and we also plan to continue increasing these prices in the future. In the U.S., as we reported, livestock in this quarter grew by 1% in terms of normalized growth, so excluding the impact of SKU or currency or M&A. If we go to the sales of – in light of this growth, cattle grew by low-single digit, swine declined and poultry have double-digit growth. So, talking about the cattle and also the situation on the feed lots and all different drivers that are affecting this segment, so let me describe the factors that are impacting the cattle business in the U.S. So, one, it's more animals, which is positive. We have seen also in this quarter higher placement of animals in feed lots, another positive element. But there are other elements, which are negative and we have seen that in the quarter. So, first, the producers are losing money. Animals are entering heavier into the feed lots. And also, we have experiencing mild weather conditions in the U.S. that are driving a lower-disease incident. So, net-net, compared to one year ago, we think that the situation is less positive. But still, with this situation, we have been able to grow the business and the reason why we are growing is because of our portfolio, the ability also to increase prices and also the team, which is interacting with customers. The last comment I want to make here is that this is a business, livestock, which is affected by cycles. Cycles that have been affecting in the past, and will continue affecting in the future. Despite these cycles, the animal health industry has been very resilient and they're showing very steady growth. In the past, that's 5% to 6% and we expect also in the future despite of those cycles we will continue growing at the same rate. And definitely, we see Zoetis also growing in 2017 in livestock in line with the market.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jon for the question. On APOQUEL, we expect definitely to exceed that $300 million. We want to make sure that we have full understanding of the market reaction not only in the U.S., but also in all the rest of the markets in the product has been now made available that – with full availability. We also need to have a full understanding of what will be the impact not only in chronic, but also in seasonal and acute. And we said that DTC campaign, definitely, we expect to broaden the access of – or expanding the access of the product to more patients and also bring pet owners to the clinics then the veterinarians then can prescribe the product. In terms of other DTC investments, we mentioned also that we are considering also DTC for Simparica. It's something that we will consider in the U.S. when we have the right level of penetration in the market. In terms of cattle; so cattle in the U.S., we expect that at the end of the year, we'll be growing and we insisted many times that it's important not to look at our business on a quarterly basis, but on a full-year basis. And in full-year basis, we still expect the cattle business showing positive growth. And we know that some cycles that can be negative at certain point will turn into positive in the following phases or the following quarters or months. So, we are confident also that the cattle business in the U.S. will be showing growth in 2017.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Yes. And let me describe the swine business, not only in the U.S., but also International. Internationally, the swine business has been showing double-digit growth, which is very strong growth. While in the U.S., we saw in this quarter, a decline. The main reason of this decline was some challenge in terms of one important vaccine that is used in the swine industry, which is the PCV2 vaccine. We expect to update this vaccine, and having a positive impact in terms of growth in 2017. The rest of the markets outside of the U.S., the performance has been very strong, especially in China, where we continue seeing the benefits of more sophistication of the swine production (39:16). And we are very well positioned to maximize the opportunities in this (39:21) market. We also – after we explain that, we are expanding our portfolio and field force in the country, in China. And definitely, we see swine generating net growth in 2017.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for your questions. Hi, Jonathan (42:02). Let me start with the comment on the protein pricing and how this can be affecting our business. So, we have seen that these prices are going up and down, it is part of cycles that has been affecting our industry for decades. And we have been managing that very well, this situation. We saw prices going down for poultry, and then the next cycle, going up. It always depend on the supply. The demand continue growing, and it is something that will help the industry to continue generating more revenues. We don't think that the current situation is specifically negative. It's something that we expect that there will be a reverse in the near future. And we will see that this is not having a negative impact in our projections. And, again, so this industry (43:11) has been very predictable and showing steady growth, even in situations with significant negative factors, including the drought or even including the economic crisis in 2008, the animal health industry was probably one of the few industries showing growth in this negative environment. Dairy, we have seen that the prices of dairy has been down significantly at the beginning of the year. Now these prices are recovering, and very important is that we have not seen any reduction of a herd in terms of cows, which is an indication that producers are still keeping the animals to ensure that they will be able to supply market demands in the next cycle. So, we expect also dairy having a positive trend in 2017. And then, Glenn will talk about the SKU rationalization.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So, we are not limiting our target in terms of M&A to small acquisitions. What we are targeting is a business that will support our strategy and also will create value. And I think we have significant experience in integrating companies. We think that any acquisition that is supported by the strategy and the value creation will generate synergies in terms of costs and also revenues. We are also defining what are the areas of interest for M&A. We will continue assessing opportunities in our core business. But also, we will consider in diagnostics also in genetics, and in devices, as a way to complement our portfolio and maximize the already existing infrastructure that we have that we will be using these products also to deliver even higher value to our customers.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me start with the comment on prices. So, on prices, we are consistent also with the animal health projections. And the animal health projections is growing prices 2% to 3%. And this has been always very consistent in the past, and we'll continue applying this 2% to 3% in our projections. And we expect that 2017 also will be in line with these percentages. Not too big difference in terms of U.S. or international. The only difference in some international markets with high inflation rates, the price increases can be higher and in line with this inflation. You also asked about the use of APOQUEL in the U.S. mainly. And well, so far, until very recently, the use of APOQUEL has been mostly focused on chronic. We have seen already in this quarter that it's already APOQUEL in the U.S., which is where we have more recent market research. The use has been also extended to seasonal and chronic and acute. And we expect also this to continue not only in the U.S., but also in the international markets. And we are very confident that the expansion of the products will be driven by the use in all the different categories; chronic, acute and seasonal. You also asked about what is the division of APOQUEL U.S.-international. Well, this quarter, on the $70 million, $40 million came from the U.S. and $30 million international. This is something that is probably not representative of the full potential of international and the U.S. What we can also show in the market through market research is that the new patients is growing constantly in the U.S., which is very positive, and we expect that this will continue. And if the results of the pilot is showing positive for the DTC that we are testing in the U.S., then we expect that this will be also accelerating the use of APOQUEL in the U.S. As you know, not in all markets that DTC is available because there are some restrictions in terms of regulatory for direct-to-consumer advertising in many markets in the world.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, let me start saying that we believe that we have the best portfolio in animal health industry in both companion animal and livestock. We have significant new products launch recently, and also very important our R&D investment in our current portfolio is also showing very positive results. So, we don't think that the consolidation of the industry that will be taking place from now until the end of the year will change that significantly the competitive landscape. We compete not on a global basis, but also on a country basis and also on species basis. And there are not too significant difference because of this consolidation. So, we are very confident that we remain very competitive, and the products that we are introducing and also this report in terms of promotional activities and R&D and even manufacturing quality and delay of supply will help us to maintain and expand our market share.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So, thank you very much for joining us today. And as we said, we reported very strong results in the quarter. We are very confident on the projections that we are making for 2016 and 2017. And we'll connect again in the next earnings release. So, thank you very much.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: And this is Glenn. And just to add on to APOQUEL in terms of the DTC. Since we don't have a lot of experience with DTC with a lot of our other products, we did run specific pilots for APOQUEL that give us strong confidence in the return that we're going to get that investment in the future. And then the other thing in terms of the peak sale, we really do want to stress to look at that from a dermatology portfolio perspective. We're very excited about IL-31 in the future that that's going to bring for us.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So from an inventory perspective, we definitely still do see significant opportunity to reduce our inventory moving forward. We currently sit at 10 plus months of inventory on the balance sheet and that's definitely an area of opportunity that we see. And we'll start to see benefits from the additional visibility we have in SAP. We'll start to see those benefits in 2017 and beyond, so definitely an area of opportunity for us to increase our cash generation. The other question in terms of share repurchase, so we have a $500 million share repurchase program in place that started last year. We'll be complete with that program by the end of the year, and we'll come back to the market later in the year with our intentions for that moving forward. But share repurchase does remain a very important part of our capital allocation priorities.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, in terms of the $300 million, I'll take that question first, that is a 2017 event. Exceeding the $300 million is baked in to our projection for 2017. In terms of operating margin, so we're not targeting a specific operating margin going forward. We're really focused on income generation and cash generation, and that is our focus. However, when you look at what we articulate as our long-term strategy, the ability to grow revenue at a faster pace than our costs, that definitely does lead to increased margins as we move forward. And in terms of the benefit that we expect to get from the supply network strategy moving forward, so we have articulated and we're still committed to, by 2020, we do expect to achieve an extra 200 basis points improvement in our margin from that strategy. So, when you take all of those factors together, that definitely leads to improved margin. But again, our focus is on cash generation.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: In terms of the SKU rationalization, we are essentially complete with that program. However, we did have some sales of these products in Q1 and Q2 of 2016. That does pose a challenge in the comparative for 2017. We estimate that impact to be about 1% for 2017 and more disproportionately weighted to the first half of the year.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, in terms of the supply chain optimization, there are a number of sites that we're still in the process of divesting or changing our strategy in three sites essentially that will need to ship product from one site to another. That occurs over time. So the progression of that 200 basis points improvement that we talked about through 2020 will come over a number of years. You'll see that in 2018, 2019, and 2020. It won't be an automatic shift. It's based on the timing of shifting the products of the – from those three plants. In terms of livestock antibiotic growth year-to-date, we are seeing positive growth year-to-date in those products. There are some shifts with M&A – within MFA. But overall, our antibiotics are growing year-to-date.
