Glenn David: Sure. So in terms of just the overall breakdown, it's really consistent with our long-term expectations. So price, we would to expect to generate around 2% price this year, we're particularly strong with price at 3% for 2018. Going into 2019, probably more in line with our long-term proposition of around 2%. New products, again consistent, probably 1% to 2% and then the remainder comes from the in-line portfolio. We do consider derm part of the in-line portfolio as it has matured and has been on the market for a number of years at this point. Also in terms of your question on margin expansion, when you look at where we closed 2018, cost of goods sold, as a percent of revenue, was a little over 32%. Our guidance for 2019 is 31% to 32%. And we made significant progress in cost of goods in 2018, improving our cost of goods, as a percent of revenue by over 100 basis points. So that leaves about another 100 basis points to deliver our commitment of improving cost of goods sold as a percent of revenue by 200 basis points by 2020. You'll probably see that spread between 2019 and 2020 that attainment.
Glenn David: So Kevin, in terms of cost of goods, I'll start again. We had significant improvement this year of 100 basis points improvement in cost of goods. For Q4, we did see elevated cost of goods and that was really related to the impact of FX, also Abaxis and higher inventory write-offs in the quarter. Really the Q4 should not be viewed as a run rate for 2019. We have good visibility into our cost of goods, and we're confident in the guidance of 31% to 32% for 2019. As we look into 2019, from an expense perspective, consistent with what we've said, we are making investments in R&D and R&D is growing more in line or closer to revenue. As we do have many projects that we're very excited about in our pipeline that we want to make sure that we fully fund. SG&A, when you look at the operational growth is growing below revenue even with the investments that we're making in Abaxis.
Glenn David: In terms of performance for the quarter for Abaxis, as we mentioned, we had $65 million in sales for the quarter. I want to remind you that Abaxis was on a different accounting calendar. But however, if you do normalize the accounting calendar, that would translate to approximately 8% growth. Again, within the quarter, we did have some destocking to bring Abaxis more in line with our overall levels of inventory with wholesalers. If you adjust for that destocking, the growth for the quarter is double-digit. Also for the year, again if you try to look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, the growth is double-digits for the year with and without the destocking.
Glenn David: So Jon, so I'll address the FX question. So you're correct, when we're at JPMorgan, we did see a bigger impact of foreign exchange based on the rates that were applicable at that time. In terms of the guidance that we have today, we based the guidance based on FX rates as of the end of January. And as I mentioned based on that, there is 150 basis point impact to revenue. However, if you look the last few weeks, the dollar has continued to strengthen and based on the rates that we see actually as of yesterday, our revenues would be negatively impacted by about another $50 million and EPS by a few pennies. So this is currently not reflected in our guidance and something that we'll continue to monitor. The other question you had was, in terms of the midpoint and share repo, when we set our guidance range, we really only assume that will offset dilution from compensation in terms of setting our guidance, but nothing additional.
Glenn David: Of course, Chris, there are number of opportunities for us in terms of margin expansion beyond 2019, just starting with cost of goods and beyond 2020 and delivering on the proposition of delivering a 200 basis point improvement in 2017. As we look past that, we should be able to continue to get improvements in our cost of goods as a percent of revenue. Really, the cost of goods efficiency coming from a lot of the capital investments that we're making today, which we expect to payoff in longer-term in terms of improved cost of goods and we'll continue to also get margin expansion from price. Looking at the OpEx line, from a G&A perspective, we do expect general administrative expenses to grow more in line with inflation as we already have the infrastructure established in most of our markets. Selling will probably be more between the overall inflation rate and the growth in revenue, and depending on the level of revenue growth that we have and new product introductions that we'll need to support. And then from an R&D perspective that will really depend on the opportunities that we have, but that will probably grow more in line with revenue than others.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Glenn. And then moving to triple combo. So let me maybe provide a little bit of a context. So when we launched Simparica as a single agent, we were two or three years behind competitors, Nexgard and Bravecto. Now with the triple combo, it will be first – second to market. But what we did is significantly reduced this gap of two or three years and then we expect that if FDA approval is coming in line with our filings and expectation is to introduce this product in 2020. So given we are second to market, we will be only second with few more different with competitor. We see a significant improvement compared to the situation that we had with Simparica. And with Simparica, we have been able to continue growing that patient share. In 2018, we increased patient share from 13.1 at the beginning of the year to 15.6 at the end of the year. So we are confident that with the efficacy and also the safety profile of Simparica and the future efficacy and safety profile of triple combo, we'll have the opportunity to have significant market share. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: I'll start with the easiest question. Thank you, Louise. It's definitely, triple combo is expected to be a blockbuster. Definitely Simparica is already a blockbuster, but we expect also that the triple combo will reach this status. In terms of the rest of the pipeline, definitely there are products for livestock. These products – there are a lot of product that maybe in aggregate basis will represent a significant growth opportunity. But I will not describe these products as probably in livestock as a blockbuster potential. But definitely, it will help us, first to protect the current portfolio, and second, to bring innovation in livestock into the market. In terms of monoclonal antibodies for chronic pain, we expect that this will have the opportunity of being a blockbuster and we are convinced that the monoclonal antibodies for dogs and cats will represent significant opportunity for treating dogs and cats in a different way that is today with NSAID, especially for cats, that there is nothing especially developed for these animals in terms of pain. But we also are excited about the opportunity of developing monoclonal antibody for dermatology in cats. Again, it's an opportunity that we expect that will be coming in the next year and this will strengthen our derm portfolio, also moving another species with monoclonal antibody. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Definitely, the U.S. market for cattle has been driven by our premium products. But some of our products, they face competition during the year, especially when the situation of the animal was of lower risk profile. But we also have seen that in risk situation, our premium products are the best products that we need to protect or to treat animals. So we are confident that our premium products also will remain generating growth in the future. In the U.S., definitely we see the cattle business growing below market and maybe also growing below what we expected some months ago. Because we also projected dairy recovery in the second half of 2018, then we think that it will take even longer to see a recovery on the dairy business. In the case of beef, I think, it will be always cycles, animals moving into the big lot sooner or later, but we don't see a significant change on beef. We're still projecting that beef will be slightly increased in the number of animals only by 1%. But we think that beef will be probably in line with what we expected some months ago. We expect that the overall cattle business of Zoetis will be growing in 2019 and maybe growing faster in international markets than in the U.S. And as we said many times, the diversity of our portfolio in species and geographies is helping us to manage these cycles. These are cycles that we have been facing forever. And one of the things that, not only our industry, but also Zoetis has been very consistent even in the phase of change cycles, regulatory situations, very consistently delivering growth inline with the market or even higher in the last six years of Zoetis as a public independent company. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Jon, then on the Abaxis question, so the focus that we have been there in the last [indiscernible] has been to ensure that all the portfolio, existing portfolio were really meeting the needs and the quality that is expected from our customers. And one of the efforts that we have been doing significantly is to make sure that our equipments are connected to the practice management system and that's really helping veterinarians to have a full integration of information from different equipments in the clinic. We have also been working on defining the priorities in terms of R&D focus and we are progressing well. In terms of, you were asking also about new products, well, definitely FLEX4 is working very well. We also are planning to introduce FLEX4 in the international market within Canada and some other markets. And we will provide a little bit more details on the future launches as we are making progress in terms of defining all the priorities and all the products that will be coming in the next coming year. So next question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Dave. Well, starting with the question on heartworm, definitely we have presented to the FDA all the support of 100% efficacy in terms of protection against heartworm. So what is the process of the FDA is something that probably we cannot comment. But we are confident that we have submitted all the data to support our efficacy and safety profile. We will continue working with the FDA. It's a process. It's the process of submitting the different dossiers information and also responding to questions. We are confident that the process will be able to introduce the product in 2020. About the question on, can we gain share in the U.S.? Well, the answer is, yes. And we are convinced now that Zoetis is competing with any competitor in the market on equal or even stronger conditions. In the past, Abaxis was limited in terms of access to customers and I mentioned that maybe they were meeting or visiting customers once per quarter compared to the other competitors having even more frequency than once a month. Now we have the opportunity to really be in front of our customers even more than once a month for few customers. And also very important, we have the opportunity also to combine all the diagnostics portfolio with our strong portfolio of vaccines, parasiticides, derm and so on and so forth. And also create a value proposition to the customers that it was not available at the time of Abaxis. So I understand that it maybe people that need to be convinced, but I hope and we are working hard to make them wrong in terms of the assessment that we cannot compete against IDEXX. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Chris. Well, on Apoquel, I'm going to comment for the U.S. and also comment for international. In the U.S., we started the year with a patient share of 59% and we ended 63%. We still think that there are opportunities for growing patient share. Second, we still see opportunities for expanding the market. I will continue expanding the market or hoping to expand the market with DTC campaigns, that will be the third year that we are investing to create this market demand. And third, we still see opportunities for pricing. So these three elements are probably supporting the growth in the U.S. for Apoquel. Definitely, lower growth than what we have seen in previous year. So the growth has been in the market now for four years, it would be five years in 2019. So we should expect that there will be some reduction on the growth in the U.S. In international market, well, the situation is slightly different, and I'm not talking about only Apoquel, I'm talking the full derm portfolio, including Cytopoint. Cytopoint has been introduced in the market recently in some of the international markets. We expect growth in the introduction of Cytopoint. We still expect growth for Apoquel definitely in terms of patient share, it's below the patient share that we have achieved in the U.S. and we expect that over time reaching similar level of patient share. Although the number of medicalized drugs outside of the U.S. is lower than in the U.S. And finally, we expect in 2019, to introduce the product in China. And again, China has been a market that has been surprisingly positive in terms of growth in companion animal. Now, if I remember well and Glenn you can correct me if I'm not, now China in terms of companion animal is the second largest after the U.S. and maybe some other market, but second or third. It's in companion animal growing very fast and we expect also that Apoquel will be successfully introduced in this market. Talking about margin expansion, you wanted to cover this question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Glenn. And then maybe adding that to the question on Apoquel or derm, I did mention that one-day we should be also facing competition. It's an area that Zoetis has created. It's not the first time that we are creating the market. We did it for pain and now with derm. But we are convinced that we have developed a significant portfolio in derm, portfolio, which is showing high level of efficacy, excellent safety profile and we'll be also adding in the future monoclonal antibodies for dermatology issues for cat. So we are confident that we have the opportunity of continue growing. Always we need to consider future competition in this respect. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Kathy. And well, in terms of the sales, big sales for our derm portfolio, so in 2018, we almost reached $600 million, it was $593 million. We are projecting growth in 2019, but definitely we are not now updating in terms of big sales. We know that in the future, we'll have competition in this space, so it's a little bit complicated now, what is the full potential. We are convinced that we still have opportunities to continue growing. And as I mentioned before, we also expect to add new products to our portfolio, monoclonal antibodies for cats and maybe also working to ensure that we also apply lifecycle innovation to Apoquel to protect this franchise. And this can be in terms of formulations, in terms of expansion to other species, so it's something that will continue working on lifecycle innovation. And then you also ask if we are including any acquisitions for in 2019 guidance and the answer is no, so it's just our current portfolio including Abaxis portfolio and what we described now as organic growth including Abaxis, and that we will continue assessing opportunities in the market. We are convinced that we have the infrastructure, we have the expertise to integrate and also we have the reach to the customers and we will continue assessing opportunities available in the market and if these opportunities are meeting the criteria of strategic value creation and supported by financials. We think that we have the cash flexibility to go and acquire other companies.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And I think with that, we conclude this session. So thank you very much for attending the earnings call. Thank you for your questions. And with that, we close this call. Thank you.
