Wetteny Joseph: I'll be happy to take this, Mike. Look, we're very pleased with an outstanding quarter to start the year, clearly delivering 12% operational growth at revenue; 15% at adjusted net income from an operational perspective. Couldn't be more pleased with this.  In terms of the guidance, of course, there are puts and takes, as you laid out. The performance in the quarter, when we think about the prior year comps, we think these are largely offsetting puts and takes that go into the performance. And I think that feeds into the later part of your question, which is how do we decide to go into increasing our guidance from an operational perspective.  But when you look at the puts and takes, clearly the performance from our Trio and key derm, seeing growth as we continue to ramp the launch of Librela not only in the U.S., but across International markets gave us a lot of confidence in terms of underpinning the growth that you saw in the quarter from an operational perspective.  Yes, there are some easier comps when you look at the companion animal business, particularly in the U.S. We talked about those at length last year with the destocking and the timing of promotional activity, et cetera. But we also had some headwinds where we had strong comps across livestock, in particular, because of the timing of supply last year as well as the China market that we've been talking about we expected, as well in Argentina given the pricing impacts, et cetera, and then Australia and New Zealand.  So when we take a look at those, we think there's probably 1 to 2 points of tailwind on a net basis is what we would estimate coming into the quarter. But then when you look at the bottom line, 15% operational growth in adjusted net income despite the royalty settlement that we had last year, again, is an offsetting element so we still end up with a sort of an operational growth that's in the same range that we've delivered.  And so though it's still early in the year, we have confidence in the underlying market and demand that we see across our products. We're seeing increased periodic visits into the clinic for dermatology. Trio, despite head-to-head competition, had a phenomenal quarter, up 61% with $243 million of revenue with the U.S. leading that at 61% as well.  So when we take all those into consideration -- and we're seeing price realization across the globe, including increased price from a hyperinflationary market like Argentina, so these gave us enough confidence to be able to raise the guidance and still be very confident in delivering the revised guidance that we did today.  Now in terms of margins, let me just make sure I give you -- cover that. If you look at the headline, right, the gross margins are down about 10 basis points. FX had about nearly 200 basis point headwind in this. I think it's important to remind everyone there was a significant devaluation in Argentina that occurred 2 times last year, right? In December as well as prior to that in August.  The December devaluation is actually in our first quarter. Keep in mind, our International operations close their books a month earlier. So December is actually Q1. So you're seeing the impact of that Argentina devaluation play out, particularly as you look at inventories and the effects on COGS, cost of goods sold, as well as lower in the P&L.  And so when you factor those out, we actually had about a 200 basis point expansion operationally in our gross margins, which again aided our way into the expansion of adjusted net income and growing that at 15%. 
Wetteny Joseph: I'll take the Argentina question first and then Kristin will cover Librela. Look, the way I look at it, as we said in the prepared commentary and you quoted here, there's a 200 basis point contribution to the top line from Argentina in the quarter. And so if I were to say, look, we're still early in the year and we'll continue to look to take price in that market. And we'll have to watch how that plays out between price and volume as we go. It's a hyperinflationary market. We're pegging what we're looking at based on the actuals and what we anticipate. But again, it's still early in the year.  So if you were to take this 200 basis points and you spread them for the year, in effect, you could say there's 50 basis points contribution to the year, if I don't account for any more price from here on, right? And so that's kind of how you look at it. And you'd say, well, the other 100 basis points in the raise is from the rest of the underlying business. The answer is somewhere between there, right? But certainly, contribution from the growth we're seeing, which we said is above our expectations for our derm franchise delivering $360 million, growing 25% on the quarter, as well as Trio, which continues to perform really well for us.  And so those, I would say, are significant contributors to the top line guide that we gave. So we're increasing the top line by 150 basis points in terms of the range of operational growth. And Argentina is a piece of that, but I would say there is a significant contribution from the underlying business as well. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I'd be happy to. Look, we delivered $100 million of revenue in Q1 on Librela. That's 189% growth over the prior year. Clearly, the U.S. contributing $40 million is a big part of that. But we're very pleased with the performance across our International markets as well for Librela. And we saw a really strong sequential quarter growth across our International markets, and we continue to see the uptake.  We're very pleased as well, when surveyed, European vet clinics actually indicating that now they're seeing more than 50% of the cases being moderate cases, which is very encouraging, as we continue to progress the product having been out there for 3 years.  In terms of the progression for the year, clearly, we continue to ramp in the U.S. And as Kristin said and we said in the prepared commentary, as we look at -- on a rolling 4-week basis through the quarter and beyond the quarter into April, we continue to see steadily increasing orders of Librela as well, which again caused us to be able to be confident in our expectations for Librela as we look at the guidance that we gave as well. We're not going to get into very specific quarter-by-quarter. But I would say, if you look at the $40 million in Q1, there's very little to no stocking in that number.  Now we did speak at length in February about the stocking in the initial launch in the fourth quarter. We had about 2.5 months at the end of the year for the product launch and you have to factor holidays as well into that. And we saw a very fast penetration into the 60-plus percent in clinics very quickly, which means that there's a lot more stocking in that.  Now we give you a range of somewhere between 1/4 and 1/3 of that being stocking, I would say it's likely in the high end of that range. So when you factor that into the $40 million this year, this is a really substantial sequential growth in Librela, and as we said, we continue to see momentum in the product.  The one thing I would remind everyone is in International, we did have a number of markets that we launched in the second quarter last year. So we'll be lapping those across the international markets. Those included Canada, Brazil, Australia, Japan and so we'll be lapping those. But we still continue to expect to see strong meaningful growth for the product as well as sequential growth as we go through the rest of the year is what I would remind you in terms of how we expect progression for Librela. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, David. Look, I'll take a stab at this and then Kristin may add some. First of all, when you look at Librela sales in the U.S., keep in mind, Librela is sold direct to clinics and the turnaround is very fast. And so there's no sort of channel dynamics to play out in terms of what we're seeing. What we're seeing from week to week is actually coming directly from what the clinics are ordering.  And then look, DTC continues to be on track. As we said in our prepared commentary, part of the increase you see in our SG&A spend is really advertising and promotion behind our pain franchise, and clearly, Librela in the U.S. is a big part of that.  And then when you think about derm, of course, very pleased with our performance here, $360 million, up 25%. Now there is some soft comp in that. But when we neutralize for that, we still see really, really strong underlying growth and strong demand. And we continue to be able to take price across derm.  Now of course, it's still early in the year. So as we look at, particularly in the back half, we are factoring different scenarios around what's the timing of competition. And while we remain confident in our ability to continue to grow our franchises post competition, as we're doing in Trio, there can be some near-term or short-term promotional activity that we are mindful, right? So we do factor those into our thinking in terms of how we land at the high single-digit range, which is up from what we said last time, which was mid- to high single digit. So clearly, our confidence continues to increase there. 
Wetteny Joseph: I'll take the first one, Nathan, just on Argentina. Look, clearly, the devaluation occurred prior to us issuing guidance and we have plans and continue to see our ability to take price fairly significantly in that market perhaps beyond what we factored in.  And so yes, we won't sit here and forecast what FX is going to do or what's going to happen in Argentina. It is a hyperinflationary market after all, so we'll continue to monitor that. And so we're only through one quarter here and we're all on our way through the second quarter, so we're factoring that into our thinking as well. And we are seeing an ability to continue to do that. But we can't sort of forecast, forecast for the rest of the year what will happen there. So we are a bit measured in how we treat that.  I would say a portion, again, to what I said earlier, a portion of our increase is certainly coming from that. I would say somewhere between 1/3 to half of the increase we're giving in terms of operational guidance is coming from that because we are getting the operational lift from price there. And the rest of it coming from the rest of the underlying business, as we've talked about, is how I would think about that.  In terms of derm, I'll start and then see if Kristin wants to add. Look, clearly, we have products in derm with Apoquel and Cytopoint, they've been in the market for over 10 years and 7 years, respectively. And the level of satisfaction on these products is very high among vets and pet owners. We've launched Apoquel Chewable as an important element because, one, there's a preference from pet owners and perhaps vets to have a palatable chewable. And so we see that as, one meeting, a need in the market as well as an important part of a defense strategy.  And so as we anticipate competition in derm, we believe that competition will more likely be a film-coated tablet. And the conversion to Apoquel Chewable is important to us. We are seeing that conversion occur across international markets. In particular, if you look at Europe, we now have about 40% conversion to chewable after being in the market the last couple of years. So that's very encouraging.  We just launched in the U.S. at the same time as we launch Librela. And so we want to look to potentially accelerate that transition in that conversion, hence, what went into the thinking here.  And so it's still relatively early. There's only a little bit of contribution in the quarter here, perhaps out of the 25% growth you saw in key derm, there might be 2 points coming from that. And so we'll see some more of that occur in the second quarter, but it is an important part of our defense strategy. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. And Balaji, in terms of quarterly cadence and I'll answer the question specific with respect to Librela. If you mean it for overall, I can certainly recap that conversation.  But look, clearly, $40 million contribution in the first quarter. And keep in mind, we continue to see really strong growth across our international markets, which moved 71% on the quarter as well. So those will continue to drive growth for us.  We won't get ultra-specific in terms of the exact contribution as the quarters go, but we would expect to continue to ramp up from that $40 million through the year. And then, of course, the fourth quarter in terms of percentage growth, we'll be lapping the $44 million that we delivered in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of launch. 
Wetteny Joseph: Look, the only thing I would say is two things. One, we are not seeing a weakening consumer. You saw us post high double-digit growth across Trio and our key derm franchise. And even if we normalize for some of the tailwinds from last year, we still have high double-digit growth across each of those. And so that certainly demonstrates continued demand products and our innovation.  The other one I would say is, look, as we look ahead and we're not going to give guidance specific to 2025 here, but we're confident in our ability to grow in the face of competition. Now there can be some short-term promotional activity that might have some impact. But beyond those, we're confident in our products and we'll see what the labels are that we're going to compete against. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, absolutely. Look, the short answer is no. There's no channel dynamics that we're seeing here. As I mentioned just a moment ago, we did have dynamics last year in the quarter where you saw destocking coming from promotional -- timing of promotions in the prior year and more prepriced buy-ups. And so that did provide some tailwind here.  So we posted 61% growth globally, and that's the same percentage growth in the U.S., $205 million growing 61%. And if you were to say -- there's no precision here, but I would say our internal estimates is that if we factor in the tailwinds from last year, that may account for about half of the growth that we're seeing.  So still remaining very significant growth on Trio, and there's no channel dynamics in terms of inventories to speak of in the current year. 
Kristin Peck: Sure, Jon. And I'll take the second part of your question on Librela. I mean, first, I really want to underscore that we have the utmost confidence in the safety and efficacy of Librela. It has been used for over 3 years across the globe in over 14 million dogs and it's approved in over 50 countries. And if you overall look at the rate of reported adverse events, it's about 18% per 10,000 or 0.18% globally. And I think it's important to keep in mind that no single adverse event is classified under the EMEA guidelines as more than rare, which is more than 1 to 10 out of 10,000.  So we remain very confident in the safety and efficacy of this product. We watch these reported adverse events very carefully. It's an important part of what every pharmaceutical company does to make sure that we understand any trends that we're seeing. We remain very confident in the data.  I really want to underscore, they've been on the market for 3 years. So we continue to watch the AEs that are coming in. And to be clear, the top adverse events today are, number one, lack of efficacy, so it's not working maybe as well as they wanted; polydipsia, which is frequent drinking; and the third being polyuria, which is frequent urination. So the other ones you're talking about remain a rare side effect. In other words, not more than 1 in 10,000. So hopefully, that answers your question. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. And Erin, I'll take your second question on livestock. As you and I have talked about many times, livestock generally historically in our industry has grown at around 2% to 4%. I know we grew less for a period of time when we were facing the LOE on DRAXXIN and with some [ large ] disease outbreak across the globe.  But I think you're seeing is Zoetis over the last year and going into this year is we're turning more to those historic levels. I think as you look at this year, we expect to be above that level. Again, as Wetteny mentioned, Q1 is not a good indication if you look at sort of the comparable that we had there. So we remain very confident again in livestock. We believe we'll end at the higher end of that range.  As you look at the divestiture of our medicated feed additive and water-soluble portfolio and assets, we've continued to be disciplined around our capital allocation. We divested our Pumpkin Pet care last year. This is something that, as a leadership team, we continue to do. We look at every asset we have. We want to make sure that we're investing in the highest areas of growth. So I think that actually is something that's just a rigorous part of how we manage the company.  And I think as you look at livestock, obviously, the divestiture of the medicated feed additives portfolio will increase the overall growth of the company and the overall growth of livestock and also help overall on margins. But our real focus of the divestiture really had to do with doubling down and investing in what we see are great potential in the livestock industry and really playing to what are our core strength in preventatives, into antibiotic alternatives, into genetics as we think about vaccines and biologics and new genetic solutions.  So again, we'll continue to look at our portfolio, as we always have and as we've done every year, but remain confident in livestock and -- especially this year in our ability to grow faster than the market. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. And Brandon, to your second question on our R&D. Yes, you probably saw the strong growth in R&D in the quarter that is really because we remain very confident in our pipeline in many of the key areas that we mentioned at Investor Day, which was, I guess, a little less than a year ago, really investing behind some of the key therapeutic areas, both our long-lasting monoclonal antibodies, which will be some of the more near-term launches. We are not making any announcements on today's call, obviously, with regards to that. But that's going to be some of the more near-term launches.  And then as we talked about, very excited as you look at renal, as you look at oncology and cardiovascular and diagnostics to continue to invest in those areas where we see huge potential. As you look at renal, cardiology, in oncology, we always said, as we said last year, those are more in the 4 years-plus range. So there's no near-term updates there.  But we continue to launch products. As you look at -- as I spoke in my script about on Bonqat, which is around anxiety for cats, that's really important. It may not seem a huge product overall, but it's an unlock for the rest of our portfolio. If we can get cats to the clinic, we can sell more -- a lot of our other products, and more importantly, meet the needs of the cat population, which to date has very under-medicalized.  So I know we don't give you all the visibility that you're dying for in R&D. But I think as you can see, we've continued to deliver on our pipeline and both in really innovative products, like what you're seeing Librela and Solensia, but also life cycle innovations that will really extend the life of important franchises such as some of our long-acting monoclonal antibodies, which should be more in the near term. 
Kristin Peck: Thanks, Steve (sic) [ Chris ]. I'll try to take those, and Wetteny, certainly, if there's anything I missed, you can jump in. Look, we, like all of you, are continuing to watch the outbreak of H5N1. If you look at the portfolio that we have and our capabilities, we stand ready to support both governments and customers across the globe as they look at potential solutions to address H5N1, both on the vaccine side and on the diagnostics side.  To date, we have not been requested to do that. But I think like many of our peer companies, we stand ready to support government authorities when that's needed. I do want to reassure people, I mean, data has come out that the milk is safe. Data came out from [ FISS ] this morning reassuring people that the meat base is safe. So we have not seen any impact to our business whatsoever with regards to this.  This is a major issue for our customers. And our real focus is supporting them through this and making sure that we focus on what we can do certainly around biosecurity surveillance and detection, which we're more and more engaged with the U.S. FDA and others, given our diagnostics portfolio as well. So no, we have not seen any impacts to our business to date on that.  Regards to the U.S. and looking at -- we have not seen a significant U.S. national increase in people bringing their pets back to shelters. I know there's been some isolated here and there, but as the overall U.S., that is not a trend. And those pets that they all adopted during COVID are all aging and continue to be drivers of our growth, not just in the U.S. globally.  And I know there has been some talk around consumer sentiment and is that really changing. Obviously, we've seen some changes in sort of collars or treats and things like that. But what's really been clear and what we've talked about for a long time is when you think about animal health care, it's essential. They are not skipping on their animal health care. And if you look at the trends in the quarter as you look at increase in [indiscernible] visits, as Wetteny talked about, the reality is when their animal needs care, they are getting that care. And as you look at spend per visit in the U.S., we're seeing spend per visit up 6% in the U.S., which means, again, consumers and pet owners want to take care of their animals and they continue to invest in this.  You look at the strength of the human-animal bond, this is another reason that we say animal health is a very resilient industry that people will continue to invest in the health of their pets, and that's certainly what we're seeing in the quarter. And as you saw, our expanded operational guidance for the year really being driven by our companion animal portfolio is what we expect for the year as well. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. I'll take your first question, Balaji, on Librela. And Wetteny, I expect you can take the second one on quarterly cadence.  As we think about how we're approaching vets, vets are at the center of care. And our focus has always been around ensuring vets are educated on the product, that they understand it, that they understand how it should be used, when it should be used, et cetera. Certainly, since a lot of the social media, we've been more committed than ever to make sure that vets have better access to a lot of the education we've always been providing. And we've significantly increased our education with vets and their access.  So things that we've done. We've done over 1,000 webinars. We have daily sessions with our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Richard Goldstein, to make sure they can have interactive sessions. We have an always-on customer support team.  And I think, really, what you're seeing with regards to the vets and how they feel about the product is the confidence that they have access to the education that they need. And as you look at that, that is why you're seeing such a strongly positive experience, not just from pets, but from vets who really are confident in the product, as Wetteny mentioned, their confidence in prescribing the product more, their confidence in the safety and efficacy of the product.  As we've talked about, we invest a lot in Zoetis in veterinary education, and we always have, and our vet operations in every market. So I think this is something that's been our strength. Clearly, with the social media, we have doubled down to ensure there's more access to this veterinary education to make sure that any vet who wants to understand more has access to experts, both internally as well as external KOLs, so they can best understand the product.  And that again underscores our confidence in this product that we've talked about and the fact that we continue to believe this product will be -- this category, not just Librela, but Librela and Solensia, we continue to commit this will be a $1 billion franchise for Zoetis and that is really rooted in the safety and efficacy of this product and in investment we're putting into both vet and pet owners to make sure they understand the product. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. I'll start and then, Wetteny, you can certainly build on this one. We remain very confident and it's really based on our historical performance, and I think you can look at that, we invest in the local innovation across our franchises.  We were #5, let's be clear, guys, in paras when we entered with Simparica and Simparica Trio and we're now #2. We're facing competition from the leader in parasiticide, and we grew our share of 0.7% if you look at Q1 in the U.S. So even with very strong competition, we continue to grow share. So we remain confident we can continue to grow our parasiticides and our dermatology franchises even with competition.  I mean, paras has always been a very competitive space with most companies operating there. We think our strength, obviously, with the vets, our strength with pet owners, really seeing tremendous growth in our franchises for both Trio and derm in alternative channels, in home delivery and retail.  And we see great strength there as you look at the autoship. We continue to increase autoship out there, which absolutely increases compliance, which we think is really important. As you look at, for example, the alternative channels, they grew 55%. Now that was a little bit of a weaker comp if you look at last year. But even if you adjust for all that, that's 25%-plus growth in the alternative channel.  So we really believe that we can continue to grow this franchise based on the strength of our products, the strength of our portfolio, our life cycle innovation if you look at what we're doing with Chewable, as well as leveraging some of these new channels, which have the benefit of increased compliance.  So back again, it's our confidence not just for '24, but for '25. I don't know, Wetteny, if you want to add anything on that. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. And on your second question with regards to Librela in the U.S., I mean, what we have seen historically in Europe and in markets that launched first is it is often put into the severe dogs who are desperate for a new therapy initially and moving to the moderate.  But we've learned that lesson after 3 years in Europe. And so we're making sure as we launch in the U.S. that we get into that moderate. As you think about the early Experience Trial, for example, that we did in the U.S., we made sure there was a balance of mild, moderate and more severe cases so that they have experience and they can see the impact of the product in that.  As you even look at some of the data that Wetteny spoke about earlier, which is we have more than 50% of -- outside of the U.S. of patients right now in moderate -- mild to moderate cases, which I think is tremendous growth. And what you're seeing when you do that is also an increase in compliance. So compliance is now between 7 and 8 months, up from 6 to 7 months outside the U.S.  So our goal as we were launching in the U.S. as we designed the early Experience Trial and as we market with vets is to make sure that this is a product that can be a first-line therapy for mild, moderate and severe cases and making sure that we can get that conversion into mild and moderate, similar to where we are in Europe, faster in the U.S. So that is certainly our focus as we think about growing that brand in the U.S. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thank you. With regards to your first question on the vets we've reached out to, we've reached out to through our tech bulletins with letters directly from our Chief Medical Officer almost every vet in the U.S. -- any vet who's a customer of ours in the U.S. We think that, that's really critical.  Any of those vets can join, for example, our open office hours with our Chief Medical Officer, Richard Goldstein. We've invited vets to these webinars and really working with our veterinary operations group in every area across the U.S. to make sure they have access not just to internal and external. So thousands of vets have attended these webinars to date.  Again, this is something we normally do. Obviously, we put it -- it's had more urgency to make sure that we have more ways to engage with them, to make sure that the veterinarian's questions are answered.  And as I think as you look at the fact that our 4-week trailing sales continue to accelerate, as Wetteny mentioned, is demonstration that vets still are getting the education they need to confidently prescribe this product appropriately there.  And with regards to the questions with regards to our interactions with the FDA. As you know from covering us, those are regular conversations we have with the FDA all the time. That's a normal course of business for any company as you launch a new brand, as you expand that and sharing the information in the U.S. and having a dialogue around that, sharing the global information with them. So that's a usual course of what we would do as we launch a product, and honestly, even when the product's on the market for years.  So we continue to be a usual course and collaborate with the FDA to make sure that they have all the information they need there. So there's nothing out of the ordinary there in the normal engagement with the FDA. 
Kristin Peck: Thank you. Look -- sorry, back to me. Thank you. Look, I really want to thank everyone for joining today. I want to reiterate that this was an outstanding performance this quarter. I really want to thank our colleagues for their commitment. And hopefully, you see our focus on creating shareholder value. I think it's a strong start as we look forward to continued momentum in 2024.  We are customer obsessed from unrivaled R&D investment to expanded manufacturing capabilities to a world-class, purpose-driven colleagues. Everything that we do at Zoetis is aimed at anticipating and addressing what we believe are the most pressing needs in veterinary care even before they're widely recognized by many others. And our scientific breakthroughs have firmly established us as a trusted and preferred partner to our customers. And we will continue to invest in the talent, the pipeline and the capabilities that will support Zoetis' future growth.  So we remain committed to the safety and efficacy of our products and of our industry-leading products because our treatments change lives. Based on our track record of performance, I think our customers agree as well. So thanks so much for joining us. We look forward to engaging throughout the quarter. 
