Kristin Peck: Thank you, Erin. I will take the first question on Librela and let Wetteny take that second question. Yes, we were very pleased with how we did with Librela in the first full quarter of launch in Q4. As you saw, we did about $44 million in the quarter, $47 million for the year, including the early experience trial. And really how we achieved that was our penetration was ahead of schedule, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. Given that penetration, which is in the high 60s, we actually began DTC ahead of what we were expecting. Reorder rates are coming in exactly where we expected, in line with our expectations. So, that makes us really confident as we go into the year. We're looking at what - your other question was what kind of stocking or inventory build we saw in the clinics. It's hard to give you a firm number. It's somewhere between a quarter and a third, I would say, overall in stocking. But look, this is the number one selling pain product in Europe, and we have no doubt it will be that in the US as well. So, we're quite pleased and certainly ahead of our plan on penetration. And look, with our direct-to-consumer advertising investments, we've already started late last year and into Q1 to drive growth in this product in the US. So, I'll let Wetteny take the second question.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I'll start with that one and Wetteny can certainly build on it. I mean, I want to first underscore, we had a very strong Q4 with Trio, with 21% growth in the quarter with competition. For the year overall, Trio grew 9%. So, we're very pleased with that. As we guided and Wetteny mentioned earlier, we're expecting mid to high single digit growth in Trio for the year. So, this obviously underscores, and we think we'll see that both in price and in volume. So, we do anticipate, obviously a competitor entering. I'm not exactly sure what - how Purdue or Proctor will do it. Our expectation is that is not a differentiated product. They do mention tapeworm, but you get tapeworm from fleas, and we absolutely control fleas. So, therefore, that's really not a differentiated product. So, we are used to having good competitors, obviously with NexGard. I'm sure there'll be some heavy promotional, but I think our strength, honestly, with our corporate accounts, the experience, switching is low for people with this product. It's very unlikely someone on Trio is going to switch. We're doing quite well with retail and auto-ship, which I think also protects us. And we expect a new competitor to expand the market. What we're seeing a lot is a movement into the triple combos out of topicals, collars, et cetera. So, as we look at that, we're confident in our Trio number as we look into the year. And with regards to your question on, what do we learn from Librela in Europe? So, we cannot do branded advertising for Librela in Europe, but we can do overall advertising for disease awareness and encouraging people who have pets, both dogs and cats with osteoarthritis pain, to bring them to the vet. And we are seeing real impact of that disease awareness. I think it's been a long time where pet owners have not had a product that they could turn to, and encouraging them that there is a new product and that they should go to the vet and be seen. We are seeing really positive uplifts from direct-to-consumer advertising, even when it's not branded. So, I don’t know, Wetteny, if you wanted to add into that. 
Kristin Peck: Sure. And the question with regard to R&D, obviously we are very confident in our pipeline. I think we've been the most innovative company in animal health. And as you look at the how we exceeded market growth every year for the last 11 years, it is due to the innovation in our pipeline. We are investing both for the short, medium, and long-term in animal health different than human health. That really makes a difference. You look at sort of what I call like lifecycle enhancements that we just launched such as Apoquel chewable, which will significantly support our key brands. We're also looking at pretty disruptive innovations as well. As you look at sort of the short one-to-three-year term of innovation, we're excited really for some of our long actings. And we've talked a lot about investing in the medium to long term in really important new franchises as well such as renal chronic kidney disease spaces, looking at cardiology, looking at oncology and diabetes. There's really important spaces of unmet medical need in animal health that we're really excited to tackle. We're continuing to invest behind our diagnostics, as well as behind our livestock business, looking at new vaccines and immunomodulators in our genetics business. So, we have a very diverse pipeline because we have a diverse portfolio. So, we're continuing to invest behind that and remain very confident in that.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I mean, starting on the first, we are not very levered, as we've spoken about many times before to vet visits. I mean, obviously, they're not inconsequential. Our view of zero to one is that's where it's historically been. That is historically what you see in vet clinic visits over time. So, I think we're really saying it's back to a normal. What's really happening is there's strong end market demand. There remains some capacity issues in the US, but I think some of that's being addressed by more stuff going to auto-ship and retail and online, which has also been supporting it. But we really sort of view the year, as you look into the year for 2023, although we saw flat vet visits, we saw revenue and revenue per visit up 7.5%. So, we really are seeing really strong growth, obviously overall in revenue, and we're much more correlated over time with that, just given the strength of our portfolio, et cetera. And to your second question with regards to Librela outside the US, I think we're still early innings. And really where I think we see the growth is, right now that product is primarily being used in severe dogs. I think getting it into more moderate dogs, I mean, I think, obviously, at least as someone, in my 50s, I will say my hip hurts right now, but everyone doesn't know that who is around me. And so, the reality is, osteoarthritis exists in animals long before they're limping and can't walk up the stairs. And the more we can control that pain early, I think is critical. So, I think what we're really trying to change the paradigm is getting Librela in first line use for animals with osteoarthritis pain, and getting it into more of those moderate dogs. And we think the more we can do that, the more we can continue to grow the market here and grow our franchise. So, we know, we believe we're in early innings across the globe with regards to osteoarthritis pain with both Librela and certainly with Solensia, where we still have to continue to grow awareness for osteoarthritis pain in cats.
Kristin Peck: The only add, we're doing quite well with puppies. You asked specifically with regards to puppies. I mean, puppies are on the Trio label, so I just want to emphasize that. I know it wasn't on the original Simparica. So, I mean, really you are looking at new starts, we see a lot of puppies and we see a lot of conversion from single and dual-agent customers to a triple combination, and certainly a movement to more people from topicals to oral. So, there's lots of ways for us to continue to gain market share for that product, but we're doing quite well with puppies, to answer that other part of your question.
Kristin Peck: Great. Thank you all so much for the questions, and honestly, for continued interest in Zoetis. I want to underscore that the enduring strength of the human-animal bond for pet owners’ expectations of human quality healthcare for pets, and the need for safe and secure food supply, all underscore the animal health industry is essential and very durable. We remain confident about our strategy and the ongoing value proposition, because we know that our colleagues will make a difference every day in everything that we're doing. And with their support, I want to reiterate that we expect to grow faster than the market again in 2024, not just in line, and to grow operational revenue by mid to high single digits. We are firmly committed to investing in our innovative pipeline, our portfolio, and the DTC programs we need to support the broadening and building billion-dollar franchises. The animal health industry is resilient even in times of uncertainty, and we are poised to navigate these challenges because our portfolio diversity, our commitment to exceptional customer experience, operational excellence and agility, and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress on future calls. Thanks much for joining us today, guys. Have a great day.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Look, when looking at margins, yes, indeed there are some moving factors when you think about 2024 and then beyond. We do have Librela in 2023, as we said at Investor Day. If you look at our monoclonal antibodies at peak, particularly as we ramp up production in our capacity, which was built to make sure that we're confident in being able to take advantage of demand, they started out as being dilutive to the overall company average. For example, in 2023. As we go into 2024, Librela becomes accretive to our overall margins, but still below what you would consider our innovative companion animal products. And as we exit 2024 into 2025 and beyond, it becomes more in line with our innovative companion animal products. So, overall, beyond 2024, I won't give you specific guidance here in terms of what to expect, but I think if you look at it, we continue to expect companion animal to outpace the growth of livestock. So, that mix will continue to be favorable for us. And as we get into the higher levels of production for monoclonal antibodies, they're also accretive to overall margins and we're positioned to be able to leverage our SG&A base as well. So, all of those should translate to margin expansion through the P&L over time. But as we've demonstrated, we're not afraid to make the right investments behind our products, behind our key franchises as we see them, investments in R&D, as you saw in 2023. And as the guide implies, R&D will continue to grow faster than revenue as well. So, those investments will slightly offset some of those, but we'll position to continue to expand.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, I'll take the cadence point first and then see what Kristin wants to add in terms of Librela expectations. Look, sitting here, I would expect a roughly balanced cadence across the year. Now, let's take a look at Q1, which is a specific point you raised in your question, Jon. If you look at Q1, certainly, if you look at companion animal in the US, there's an easier comp. We had destocking the first quarter last year, clearly something we look to see as an easier comp that we come up against. But at the same time, you had a 12% growth quarter in livestock in Q1. And so, I think if you look balance - those don't completely balance, but it's livestock growth, both in the US as well as international. And then you have China, which clearly started to more deteriorate in terms of the economic conditions there throughout the year. So, that becomes a heavier, I would say, headwind coming into Q1 as well as the conditions, weather conditions in Australia, et cetera, having an impact there. So, I think if you balance those out, and last point I'll make is, Librela, clearly very pleased with how we exit Q4 and enter into Q1, but it's going to continue to contribute more and more as you go through the year. So, Q2 and Q3 would be more than Q1. Therefore, the contribution from Librela accelerates through the year and it doesn't have as much relatively speaking in Q1. So, when you take all those into consideration, I actually see a roughly balanced year. Now, we did make references to FX, so from a reported basis that again, taking a look at where the FX rates were a couple weeks ago, you do have a heavier impact in terms of both revenue and bottom line. On the FX factor, hopefully what we provide in prepared commentary is helpful there. So, that's the other piece you have to think about. But when I think about operational base growth, I mean, we did exit the year with good momentum as we exited Q4 and into Q1, again looking at US companion animal. But that's how I think about it. Now, is Q1 going to be higher than Q4 from a Librela perspective? I think if you factor about a quarter to a third of impact coming from stocking, that's $12 million to $15 million. So, even if you had a flat, that means you grew by $12 million to $15 million going into Q1. I won't call it exactly here right now. What I would say is we're pleased with how the product is performing, but we are still in the early stages of this launch.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I think you covered it, Kristin. Trio’s been performing really well for us in the face of direct competition in the US. Couldn't be more pleased, and to be gaining patient share in the face of competition, I think that speaks a lot to what we've been talking about, which is the power of our relationships, the strength of our label and being first to market. So, look, there'll be some initial, I'm sure heavy promotion that happens when a new competitor comes in. We factor some of that into our thinking here. But until we see the label and see what they do, we won't home in on specific reaction and so on. But we're very confident in our ability to continue to grow the franchise. And we're saying we're going to see mid to high single digit growth across Trio in 2024 as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. And one point on derm, of course we have a mid to high single-digit growth expectation that we laid out in our guidance, of course, across a broad range of expectation. There’s various scenarios around competitor entry, timing, pricing, et cetera, will play into that. And the label that they have, of course, will be playing into how that plays out. But we're confident in our ability to grow. Our franchise has been around for a decade in this space. On China, we've been consistent on this one. I think we continue to see sort of the broad economic situation there to remain where it is. We're not expecting it to deteriorate nor improve, at least through the first half of our year. And we also have stronger comps similar to the second half of 2023, a little bit less so into the first half of 2024, but still headwinds into the first half of 2024. You continue to see consumer confidence being low and swine prices remaining fairly depressed in consumption there as well. So, all those factors. Of course, long-term, we continue to expect China to be a strong growth market. It has done exceptionally well for us over the last decade, but in the near term, we're not expecting that to be a contribution to growth. In fact, we'll see some declining comps in the first half on China.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. On currency dynamics - and again, we don't forecast FX, so we tend to report out what we see the impact is. And the dollar continues to strengthen against the number of currencies that we operate in. And there's a little bit of a disproportional effect that we see on some of the higher inflationary markets like Argentina. If you follow Argentina, there've been two really significant drops in terms of FX rates versus the dollar, if you follow back, as we ended last year, both in December and I think back in August, and there's a little bit of a delayed effect on those. Clearly, there's an impact on top line that we've talked about, but there's also a little bit of a delayed effect if you look at the impact it has on inventory and receivables that are on the books at the time. So, by the time you collect those, they have a greater impact, which is why you see the impact down the bottom line. So, combination of Argentina, Brazil, Turkey, those are more pronounced than their relative percentage of our revenues, given how significantly they devalue. That's what you’re seeing play out. But really across the board, if you look at how the dollar ended the year, it ended a bit stronger than you saw throughout the average of the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. I'll take the first one and then Kristin will cover the second one. Look, there's always some level of pre-price buying in our - as we exit the year, given what our price increases are going to be. I would say compared to the prior year where there was higher than average pre-price buying ending 2022 into 2023, which had the effect on 2024, we more actively managed customer orders in terms of pre-price buying exiting 2023, and that gave us really first the underlying market strength and momentum that we carried into, but also I would say our order position walking into January 2024 was certainly in better position than say the prior year. So, we more actively manage those, but there's always some level in the numbers.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I think the regulatory path to that isn't really the direction we're going in terms of where we think we can make an impact here. Livestock innovation not only in our OA pain mAbs, but across our portfolio, are really, really important. And as I look ahead, I think longer acting formulations, both Solensia and Librela, will be the direction that will help with this, even though, as Kristin said, we're not seeing any significant impact in terms of our ability to grow the mAbs. I think initial visits where the vet has to see the pet and do the injection beyond that, the techs are able to do it, et cetera. And that varies a bit, but, but we don't see that as being a significant impact for us.
Wetteny Joseph: I’ll take the first one on Librela. Look, of course, we are going to be making investments and we already started, because as you heard in the prepared commentary, our penetration levels are running above our expectations, and we've launched DTC on Librela, and we're already doing DTC across Europe and international markets as well. As we look ahead, we did make significant investments in our field force going back about a year and a half or so ago. So, we're able to leverage those investments and we don't see incremental investments beyond those to drive our expectations and take advantage of demand on the product. The gross margin picture, as I mentioned earlier, it is dilutive if you look at 2023, and particularly because you saw us outperform expectations on Librela in 2023, right? As you go into 2024, Librela margins are actually accretive to the overall company margin leverage. So, 70%-ish gross margins for the company, Librela is above that, but it is below the gross margins that you would see in our innovative companion animal brands. As we get beyond 2024, you will start to see it at those innovative levels, which is well above the company average. So, hopefully that helps clarify that point. Trio, as we've said, we've seen really strong performance in Trio, posting double-digit growth. Trio grew 17% in the US in Q4, and we continue to gain patient share, which means again, switching is low when you have a product that's safe, efficacious, and been in the market for almost four years now. So, we're very pleased with what we're seeing. I don't know, Kristin, if you want to add anything.
