Glenn David: Absolutely. Erin, just also to your question on Abaxis and the Q1 performance you referenced, distributor stocking. So far, we talked about the performance in Q1 2019 to Q1 2018. In Q1 2018, there was stocking with the introduction of the new products in terms your settlement analyzer and Apoquel rapid test, that did pose a challenging comp between Q1 2019 and Q1 2018. In terms of the international livestock performance, as Juan Ramon said, for livestock internationally we declined about 1% this quarter, driven by the factors that we discussed in terms of African swine fever, as well as the impact in Brazil. We would expect to return to growth in Q2, and that growth to accelerate in Q3 and Q4.
Glenn David: And in terms of the timing of the MSA purchases in the U.S., that's really related to the timing of our annual price increases. So, in 2019, we align the timing of our MSA price increases to be in sync with the rest of our portfolio, which is in January, that led to some additional sales in Q4 of 2018 that then destocked in Q1 of 2019. So that is not an impact that we would expect to see as we move forward through the rest of the year.
Glenn David: Kevin, in terms of the operating expenses. So, just for the quarter, our operating expenses grew about 8%. If you back out Abaxis, operating expenses grew around 3%, compared to our revenue growth of 6%. So, pretty much in line with our overall expectations over an extended period of time. That being said, we did have some favorability in R&D expenses in terms of the timing as well. So, as we move through into Q2 and Q3, we'd expect elevated expenses in Q2 and Q3 as that is the time frame in which our DTC promotions, particularly in the U.S. around our dermatology portfolio and Simparica to kick in at a higher level. And we'd also expect some elevated expenses in terms of our R&D as well.
Glenn David: So, Mike, specific to your questions, for ASF and Japan, you mentioned the range of $5 million to $10 million. So, what I'd say, ASF is probably at the high end of the range for the quarter and Japan is probably at the low end of that range for the quarter. In terms of U.S. livestock, obviously we did have the impact in Q1. It's a little above that $5 million to $10 million range that you referenced with the bigger portion of that being cattle.
Glenn David: Sure. So, just in those questions. In terms of our revenue growth excluding Abaxis focused on companion animal, so globally our companion animal business grew 27%. Without Abaxis we still grew extremely strong at 19% globally. In the U.S., the number was – with Abaxis we grew 30%, excluding Abaxis we grew 20%, and internationally companion animal grew 23%. Without Abaxis, we grew 18%. So, really strong organic growth within our U.S. companion business. As we mentioned earlier, in terms of the livestock growth sequentially, when you look at it globally, we did decline 3% this quarter in terms of livestock business on an operational basis. We do expect to return to growth in Q2, and we expect that growth to accelerate throughout the year. In terms of the guidance, we reduced the guidance for both the low and high end of the range by $75 million, that was purely due to FX. There were significant movements at the time from when we set guidance. When we set guidance back in February, we were using rates as of late January, and when we set guidance now, we're using rates as of the end of – towards the end of April, and that had a significant movement, so the movement was purely due to FX.
Glenn David: Sure. So, in terms of the total derm revenue, we had $155 million in total sales for the quarter with growth of 30%. To the earlier question, in terms of penetration, U.S. had $104 million in sales and international had around $52 million. So, as the similar amount of medicalized dogs in the U.S. is international, we would expect more rapid growth from international greater penetration over time internationally. The breakout of $155 million between Apoquel and CYTOPOINT. We had $119 million of sales of Apoquel with 22% operational growth, and we had $36 million of sales in CYTOPOINT with 65% operational growth. In terms of Apoquel in China, we’re very excited about the launch of Apoquel in China, China is one of our largest and fastest growing companion animal markets. Just to put in context though, the overall potential market size. So, in 2018, Apoquel globally in all of our international markets, including the U.S., have less than $160 million in sales with our top market internationally generating sales of just below $30 million. So that should give some overall context in terms of the potential of Apoquel in any given international large companion animal market.
Glenn David: Yes. So, what I would say Chris is, the overall global compatible growth was very strong. When you take out the impact of Abaxis, we grew 19%, 20% in the U.S., 18% internationally. So, both segments growing very rapidly in companion animal, and those are driven just by strong underlying dynamics and trends, particularly around the derm portfolio around Simparica and also really strong performance of Revolution Plus. Q1 of 2019 was the launch of Revolution Plus in the U.S., it's off to a very successful start. There is some stocking in Q1 of 2019, particularly in the U.S., but still the start that we're seeing in Revolution Plus is very, very encouraging.
Glenn David: No, just to your question on livestock growth for the full year. We still are expecting livestock to grow globally in the U.S. and internationally.
Glenn David: So, from a poultry perspective, we continue to perform very well in poultry. Overall, very solid growth, higher than the rest of our portfolio livestock, and really that's driven by our portfolio of alternative to antibiotics in poultry that we continue to perform very well within the MSA sector. So that's something that's been consistent for us over the last number of quarters and trend that we expect to continue.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Well, as we said that in the first quarter, we faced two impacts in terms of the temporary weakness in livestock. One was the cattle business in the U.S. was affected by different factors. And talking about the market, the market declined. We saw that the movement of animals was below expectations. In many cases, driven by weather conditions, but we are optimistic about the cattle business in the U.S. moving forward, the demand for beef is positive, and also the exports are increasing. Additionally, we expect also in the second half of the year a small increase on the price of the milk also that will help the total cattle business in the U.S. As many times we mentioned, I think it is difficult to analyze our business in a quarterly basis. There are fluctuations based on buying patterns and promotional activities weather conditions that maybe it's important to understand the business on a yearly basis. We remain confident that the livestock market will be growing at the end of the year. What we are expecting is that the poultry will be growing in line or slightly ahead of the market. In terms of swine, we expect going lower than the market, and mainly because of the African swine fever. But we expect having a temporary impact, but maybe from a third or fourth quarter and definitely in 2020, we expect a significant recovery because many markets outside of China will expand the production that will generate a significant growth. And finally, with the cattle, we also expect that for the year overall growing – we expect growing in the U.S., we expect also growing international markets, but growing below expected market growth.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Kevin, we see the current portfolio still showing opportunities for growth. We see opportunities for growing the parasiticides now with Revolution Plus. We still see that Simparica continues gaining momentum in the U.S. and also international markets. Apoquel and CYTOPOINT are growing and we expect to continue growing. We expect to continue growing in the U.S. and also expect to continue growing in international markets. And now, we have the addition of Apoquel in China, that also will support this growth. We are also very confident that this growth is steady for the long-term, because as we said, the current portfolio continue growing, but we expect also to introduce Simparica or a combination of products – three-way products in 2020, that also we expect that to continue generating growth. In the future, we are not at this point providing any details of when we expect that monoclonal antibodies to be in the market. But definitely we see opportunities in reline with pain. We see opportunities also in feline with dermatology, again with monoclonal antibodies, and always with monoclonal antibodies in dogs for pain. And we are very confident that the R&D machine will continue bringing innovation to the market in companion animals, but also in livestock. We have products for both companion animal and livestock that will support growth in 2020, 2021, also 2022. So, we are very confident that we have a pipeline that will maintain growth that will be in line or faster than the market. And Glenn will respond the question on G&A.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Mike. I will make a general comment on the African swine fever. Then Glenn will go to the details of your questions. So, first, the African swine fever definitely is having a significant impact in China, and we also have an impact in our results. We mentioned that probably up to 30% of pigs would be lost on 150 million to 200 million. And as a reference, in the U.S., production is 120 million per year. But it's also true that in China, the market share of multinational company is only 10%, 90% is products sold by local companies. We definitely see a significant issue in China, mainly for the business in China cattle, so we see that the other countries, the U.S., Brazil, European markets will increase significantly the production of pork to meet all the demands of the Chinese consumers that are definitely for a significant period of time. There will be seen a shortfall for producing in China. And it seems outside of China, we have a significant market share in swine. In the medium and long-term, we see that as an opportunity to generate growth in swine and also maybe an impact in poultry and to a minor extent also to beef. Because in the end, the consumption of animal products in China will remain and export markets will supply products to meet that demand in the markets. And then Glenn will go through the details of the impact on African swine fever in the quarter and also the Japan agro business and also the U.S. impact of the value.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Jon. And we have provision with the discussions with the FDA. We have completed out all the sections of the filing and it's just now the normal process of question and answers. We are confident that this year it's strong and it will be approved by the FDA, but always something that is not depending on us but on the regulators. But one of the challenges that we discussed in the past is that we needed to demonstrate 100% efficacy on how we have to provide these data. And we are confident that – probably that will be approved and ready to be launched in 2020. And definitely we try to learn from previous challenge or issues or mistakes, and definitely in the case of the three-way products, we secured enough active ingredients to be ready for launch the product, as soon as the product is approved. So, we are not expecting any challenge in terms of supplying the market or the demand. Next question.
Juan Ramon Alaix: In terms of penetration for dermatology portfolio, I think it's – it's about – in terms of patient, about 59% and it's something that probably – 63%, sorry, it's the total patient share, which is based on and we still see opportunities first to continue expanding the market and we will be starting now in the second quarter campaign – detectable tumor campaign. We set two objectives, one it's expanded market. And also, second is set to continue building brand equity for Apoquel. We see also that these investments are also having a positive impact on CYTOPOINT. We expect dermatology portfolio to continue growing. We expect also to grow faster in international markets than in the U.S., but in the U.S., we still see a positive momentum, and how much is the preferential CYTOPOINT or Apoquel? In that respect, I think we leave veterinarians to decide what is the best for their patients, the pets. And we are not trying that to promote Apoquel in favor of CYTOPOINT, and CYTOPOINT in favor of Apoquel. We are covering all the spectrum of needs in terms of treating dermatology issues, itching in dogs, and that we see that there is [indiscernible] cannibalization, but also CYTOPOINT has been growing the market and helping us increase this franchise. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you for all the questions, Kathy. So, let's go back to the African swine fever and the potential impact. We mentioned that we expect that up to 30% of pigs can be blocked because of the African swine fever in China. So, if we translate this 30% to our revenues in – so we can also estimate that it will be about 30% of our revenues. Although we expect a little bit lower impact because of maybe sophisticated farms are less affected by the African swine fever, then the production of small farms. We expect that that it will be an immediate impact in terms of the value of the pigs. As a reference, in the last quarter, in the fourth quarter of 2018, producers in the U.S., they were losing $20 per pig, now they making $30 profit per pig. So, the value of the pigs has increasing significantly, and then their willingness to spend and to keep these pigs healthy and productive also will increase. So, we expect that that will be a positive impact, an immediate positive impact. Then, we expect also that the farmers or producers in U.S., Brazil, European Union will increase production. The cycle of the production is six months. But probably we will need to wait six months to see some impact because it will increase the production. And even that if it takes six months from birth to slaughter, I think we can start using products at earlier stage of the animal. So, we expect in the third and the fourth quarters of this year having a positive impact in the swine business in Brazil, U.S., and U.S. market. And moving into the details of Apoquel breakout, Glenn, do you mind answering that? And also, probably those projections in China and providing some context.
Juan Ramon Alaix: I will ask Glenn to answer the question on poultry and then I will cover the oncology part of the question.
Juan Ramon Alaix: And on oncology, we have already a product in oncology. She is working well, which is a [indiscernible]. We launched this product some years ago. We continue assessing the oncology market, then definitely we have some programs – internal programs related to monoclonal antibody and some of the products such that still oncology is very limited by market although maybe in the future it will be a potential attractive market. But today, it's a quietly with that opportunity. And I think, that concludes the questions, and thank you very much for joining us today. And as we said, we remain very confident about the outlook for 2019 and we are maintaining our operational growth, and we are also maintaining our target in terms of adjusted net income. Thank you very much for your attendance.
