Wetteny Joseph: Sure, Jon. I'll take the first part of the question, and then Kristin will address the second one. Look, if you look at the stock we've had for the year, it is really been an outstanding start -- we're seeing demand across our innovative products and clearly a balanced growth picture when you look at the quarter with the US growing 12%, international growing 10%. We saw a companion animal growth at 12% and Livestock 9%. To get to your point around price and volume, I will cover the quarter but then I'll remind you of what the first half of the year looks like and what we are anticipating for the balance of the year. The quarter had about 8% price and 3% volume -- now if you look at the price contributions, you have about 2 points coming in from Argentina similar to the first quarter and as we anticipated in the second quarter. And that leaves you with roughly 6 points of price and 3 points of volume. Now I’ll tell you on a year-to-date basis, given where the comps were versus the prior year, you actually have a very balanced picture between price and volume. On a year-to-date basis, we've grown 12% operationally at the top-line. Separating out Argentina, you have 5% price and 5% volume. And that's roughly the balance we expect for the full year. It is just a little bit of nuance on a year-over-year basis based on the comps that is driving much higher volume in Q1 and much higher pricing in Q2. The last point I'll make is Trio had another outstanding quarter, and we are getting better price realization from more targeted promotions. In fact we did not run promotions in the second quarter compared to the last year where we did run a promotion. So that has a little bit of dynamic also playing out on the price picture if you follow that. Again, I'm very pleased with the performance overall stronger price contribution coming from that we expect roughly balanced price volume picture for the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Look, when we look at the performance so far, it is been phenomenal across derm, and Trio for the first half of the year, as well as strong contributions obviously coming from our OA pain franchise. You heard the numbers coming in from Librela and Solensia, both in the US with the launch as well as internationally. When we think about the competitive landscape, look clearly, given what we are seeing and what we anticipate continuing because of momentum in the business, we are raising guidance based on the core business. I would say, Derm, in particular when we look at the competitive landscape, we've raised our expectations on derm to double digits. We are seeing high single digits previously. When we look at Trio, the update isn't really meaningful. We were anticipating to be late in the year, comparative launch. Anyway, it's a third to come to market, et cetera. So not any meaningful impact here in terms of how we think about the guidance.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, when I look at the derm picture, Mike I'm very excited about how we are thoughtfully targeting these sub-parts of the business beyond continuing to educate pet owners and so on, which is already benefiting us in terms of the growth we continue to see in this product 11 years later. So clearly, we are penetrating those areas, and we think there are some real ways we can smartly and thoughtfully target. Here above the about 7 million that we are already treating with our products. 11 million that we can go after here in the US alone, and Kristin just touched on that. And so we'll go into more detail on that, but we're very excited about how we are doing that there. In terms of true look, this is largely conversion for Apoquel. So I wouldn't say, that it is necessarily contributing to overall growth, but an important part of our strategy as we look ahead. We've seen the conversion rates outside the US, for example, in those markets in Europe, we have been in for, I think, about 2.5 or so years now -- those are now about 50% penetration in the US, as we ended the quarter, we were approaching about 1/4 conversion. I think we've crossed that since. So we are in that ballpark. So clearly, meaningfully converting from Apoquel, which again is an important part of our business, and we think could long-term contribute to overall growth given the ease of use and preference to pet owners, et cetera.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Look, first of all let me just cover one last piece that I didn't cover on the last call, which was the contribution in terms of stocking around chew and then I will get Brandon, to your question around the guidance and what went into it in terms of puts and takes in top versus bottom. First of all, there is very little contribution in terms of net inventory into distribution on chew, it's about $4 million, so call it 1 percentage point out of the 18, we talked about on key derm globally, so not meaningful at all. Now to your point around the guidance look, we raised the midpoint of our guidance, about 50 basis points the same on the bottom. We are still very much committed and confident in driving operational sort of growth and expansion through the P&L. You've seen about 450 basis points separation between top-line and bottom-line. So clearly, continuing to demonstrate our core value proposition to grow the bottom-line faster than the top-line. I think what you're seeing here in terms of the guide, while it's the same raise at top and bottom in terms of basis points is because we see an opportunity to invest in the business in areas that will drive growth as we exit the year and enter into next year. And as we said continuously, we will make those investments as we see those opportunities, but still, again, sticking to our commitment to driving top and bottom. Now I think as you look at the back half of the year, I will note a couple of things. If you remember last year in the fourth quarter, we have basically an easier comp particularly on just the bottom-line in the fourth quarter, but these investments will impact the operational leverage you see in the third quarter. So we expect that to be not at the levels that you are seeing in Q2 here as you map from the guidance and the implications in the back half. So clearly, that half looks like about a 9% top line growth there at the top, leverage on the back half, but more heavily weighted towards Q4 versus Q3 in terms of that leverage.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. I'll cover both here. Look, really when you look at the conversion strategy we have with Apoquel chewable versus Apoquel, we talk about the key derm franchise here versus breaking them out here. So we have 18% growth in key derm. If you look at both Apoquel the Apoquel franchise, as well as Cytopoint with double-digit growth in the quarter. Again, we continue to emphasize the combination of Apoquel and Apoquel chewable versus breaking them out, which is the reason that you heard the commentary from us as you did. In terms of patent protection, look there are various patents that cover the product, both across the active ingredient, as well as the formulation and dosing regimens. So they do very overall, if you look at the franchise, we are looking at patents that extend out to 2031. More details are available in the 10-K, if you want to pull that up from last year. And of course, this year 10-K we’ll cover that.
Wetteny Joseph: So look, maybe I'll take a stab at the first one, Balaji. Look, I think you've seen that spend in animal health, particularly pet owners is a doable spend, and they see their pet health as essential. We've seen that time and time again. And every survey we've done given the human animal bond, et cetera, shows that. I think when you look at pet health spend, 86% of pet owners are saying that they would spend whatever it takes if their pet needed extensive veterinary care. We've done market studies as well that demonstrated pet owners had a 20% reduction in their budget, they would still spend the same on their pet health. So clearly, underscoring this importance in terms of the importance of the pet health as a member of the family of pet owners, and we see that show up in terms of our numbers. I don't know if I have a view in terms of how that differentiates between therapeutics versus diagnostics. Clearly, as we look at the picture today, you continue to see strong volume growth in our business, even as you see very robust price as well. So clearly, we see that opportunity to continue to drive the business. That way, we are seeing some price realization. So it is not priced to – and pet owner is priced into channels in terms of vet clinics, et cetera. But you see our ability to continue to take price and still drive volume in the business given the innovative solutions we're bringing that are addressing chronic conditions for pet owners that they really, really care about. So we think that there's continued room to continue to do that. In terms of the fixed vaccine, I can't speak to the specific vaccine you talked about. Clearly, we saw 20% growth in our fish portfolio this quarter, this is largely driven by demand for vaccines in Norway, a very important market for us, so we are seeing both price and volume. Therefore, perhaps we'll take offline that specific one that you referenced.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, David, I think your question on wellness in terms of what's happening across the core portfolio brands versus the rest. I think at the heart of that question is really what's happening around visits, which we have continuously talk about that overall visits on a good indicator for our business, and you see volume growth across our pet care business each quarter even when overall visits are down. Now to get to your point, if you look at Apoquel, Cytopoint, the key derm franchise, if you look at Trio and Simparica franchise and OA pain. Those are all seeing increased volume across the business. I think if you then say what happened to the rest of the portfolio, it contributed about 2 percentage points to our growth. And that's largely price in this quarter, but that's just a dynamic versus the prior year in terms of both timing of when we had some vaccine availability in the prior year that added to supply last year. And therefore, it's a comp item, if you will, and then China has its impact in terms of whether you could the rest of the portfolio. So it's a little bit more price versus volume in the quarter. But overall, typically, we see about 1 to 2 point contribution to growth from the rest of the portfolio. And that's what we're seeing this year. Again, I’d underscore that we are seeing increased volumes across pet care regardless of the overall visit picture. And I think that is really what's important for us to [win with] (ph) our business.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure, Chris. Thanks for the question. Look, if we look at the growth, I mentioned earlier on the call, given the competitive dynamics and quite frankly, just the strength of our growth as we continue to expand the market 18% growth in the second quarter. We are raising our expectations for key derm franchise. We said last quarter, it would be high single digits. We're now seeing it’s double-digit growth for 2025. Look, on your question, I'll start on the black box warning and turn it over to Kristin to add any additional points. Clearly, a black box warning is the most serious warning that the FDA will have on a product and when faced against a product that does not have one, also has been in the market for 11 years, over 23 million dogs have been treated with our Apoquel product. The satisfaction levels being above 90% or around 90% both on safety and efficacy that becomes a [total] (ph) order. So clearly, we talked about our excitement, quite frankly around still unmet need out there in terms of undertreated and untreated that we are targeting. We got this competition because we believe on offense here in terms of growing -- expanding use of our products is the best move. We got less of the competition. But clearly, it will position us well versus a product that has a black box label.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So look, great. We saw 9% growth in our livestock portfolio. As you've said continuously, livestock tends to grow the market, somewhere between 2% and 4%. Typically, -- this year, we are seeing increased price, particularly in those hyperinflationary markets like Argentina, for example. And so we would expect livestock as a market to grow towards the higher end of that range. And we believe we will follow that range as well. If you look at what we would expect in our results. I think when you see high single-digit growth rates like this, sometimes it's a comp for example, in the US, ceftiofur had an easier comp versus prior year. So you'll see an uptick in that. But overall, we expect livestock to be in that 2% to 4% range, perhaps a touch above that in this current environment given the pricing environment on those hyperinflation in our markets.
Kristin Peck: Thanks. And Jon, I'll take your second question. Look, as you saw in a quarter where we grew derm 18%, the Simparica franchise at 22% and Pain at 142%, clearly, the DTC is having a very positive effect in ROI on each of these. We actually think about it in a much more detailed way than what you were mentioning. We don't just look at it by brand, we look at it by channel. So what is connected TV, TV digital. And there's different ROIs for different. I mean some of these are building markets. As you said, some of these are just more consumer oriented. If you look at parasiticides, consumers really do drive a lot of that spend themselves versus derm and pain, where you have the both the consumer and the veterinary involved. So we look at it both by product. We look at it seasonality. And I'd say, we're investing significantly across all three, where we really believe both there's an opportunity to drive compliance and as well as an opportunity to grow these markets. So we’re aggressively investing across each, but we look at it in a very detailed level to make sure the ROI, any given channel we're investing at any given time of the year makes the most sense.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, Mike. I will take the second question on the long-term opportunity, and then I'll let Wetteny cover anything that I missed as well as cover all the dynamics you're asking for specifically around chewable. To your point, our Derm portfolio has been on the market for 11 years, and we posted 18% growth in the quarter. So I would say that there is a significant opportunity to continue to expand the market. I appreciate your comment on the slide. We did try to add slides this quarter to try to bring to light some of the stories that we're talking about, again, get some of those numbers out there for you. And specifically, what we were trying to address in that is the significant opportunity where we see two drivers really of the future growth. One is around compliance, and we are seeing really strong growth here around compliance. We can increase compliance through retail and auto shift. I even think chewable, which Wetteny will talk about, will help drive compliance. So we think there is a significant opportunity for more weeks and more months on therapy. And I also think there is a big opportunity to continue to expand the market. And building on what Wetteny said in his prepared remarks, there's 3 million dog owners right now that are prescribed to other products such as steroids that could be moved to our product. And then there's 8 million dogs with OA who might be using shampoos or things like that or over-the-counter treatment or might not be using anything at all. We see those as significant opportunities to continue to grow the market. That's 11 million dogs in the US alone. And as I mentioned in my remarks, internationally, we see the same key drivers and same opportunities, but with an additional one, which is that there is still many dogs yet to be medicalized in international. And as those dogs become more medicalized across many countries in China, Brazil, et cetera, we see a significant opportunity there. But I know you asked a number of questions on chewable, which I'll let Wetteny build on it as well as anything else you saw in Derm, you want to mention.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I'll take your MFA question, and then I'll let Wetteny take the volumes and things like that across wellness and vaccine. As you think about our medicated feed additive business, as you saw, it was integrated into some of our portfolio contracts, but the majority of those contracts and the majority of the value is Wetteny outlined globally, our MSA sales last year in 2023 were only $400 million. So it's not inconsequential, but it is not a material way of the way we negotiate. Most of our negotiations across portfolio are in more innovative products that are essential to our customers. So no, we are not concerned in livestock, as we sell that business and our ability to continue to leverage our portfolio to provide the best value for our customers. So we're committed to continuing to do that. And I'll let Wetteny take the second question sort of on the wellness.
Kristin Peck: Thanks. I'll start and see if Wetteny wants to build anything here. I think what you are seeing is the -- you might see an impact in lower spending in pet discretionary -- but we are continuing to see consumer receive pet and medical care as very essential, and they are willing to spend. So if you look in the quarter, we saw about a 4% growth of revenue in the clinics, about 6.2% revenue per visit growth mean obviously, you are referencing the decline in overall clinic visits. But if you look at our US pet care numbers, we outpaced significantly overall in the US with 13% growth in our companion animal business. So we're seeing very strong demand for our products. These pet owners are young, they're affluent. They see the pet as a central member of their family and they are continuing to spend to keep their pets healthy and happy. So we are very optimistic as we look to the rest of this year and confident in the guidance that Wetteny provided and confident honestly, as we look into 2025, the consumer when it comes to essential veterinary care, still is willing to spend. We've done multiple studies as we've referenced before. 86% of pet owners would spend whatever it takes to take care of their pet. And even when faced with a 20% reduction in their income, they would not change what they spend to take care of their pets.
Kristin Peck: And the only thing I'd add there is I think what's really exciting about Apoquel is that you don't have to trade off safety and efficacy there. It can be used across all durations of therapy, both acute seasonal and chronic I think the chewable really provides differentiation, especially at the consumer level. You don't have to worry about vaccine status, and it works very, very quickly. So I think that's what also gives us optimism and our potential to continue to grow this franchise.
Kristin Peck: Sure. First on your question on the EU Commission investigation. It actually has to do with an experimental compound that was part of the Nexvet acquisition, which was about seven years ago. We continue to believe our decision to stop the experimental compound was sound, rigorous and lawful, and we're confident the concerns will be unfounded when they finish their investigation with regards to that. You were asking me how we're doing in international with regards to Librela. Right now, about 65% of the cases are now mild to moderate, which we think is significant progress, this has been a big focus of ours, as we've mentioned on the previous calls. And with regards to your last point, I think on vet visits, we don't really have really good detailed information internationally on vet visits -- so there's not great information. It ranges by market to market, and there's not great sources. So I don't have any specifics I can share there.
Kristin Peck: Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call today and for your questions. Our ability to seamlessly integrate innovation and execution resulted in what I believe is an outstanding second quarter and first half of 2024, it led us to raise our guidance. And we are very excited about the continued momentum for the rest of the year. I think what we've clearly demonstrated is our ability to generate groundbreaking ideas and translate those into tangible results. We are laser-focused on our strategy to ensure we remain at the forefront of the industry. I believe our diverse and durable portfolio of trusted and best-in-class products positions us well to capitalize on the emerging opportunities and to really redefine how animals are cared for, for the long term. And finally, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to all of our dedicated colleagues across the globe. We recently celebrated Purpose Months across our teams and geographies, highlighting how we bring our purpose to life every day with our customers, our communities and each other and their passion for nurturing the world in human time by advancing care for animals, is truly inspiring. Your hard work and commitment are the driving force behind our success. And I want to thank you for everything that you do. And I want to thank all of you for joining us today. Have a great day.
