Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, livestock is a combination of many species. Let's start with cattle and let's start with cattle in the U.S. Cattle in the U.S. have two different segments, beef and dairy. In beef, we have seen that the number of animals, it's larger than the previous year by 3%. In the second quarter also we saw that the number of placement in the feedlot increased by 5%. On the total year, we expect that the number of animals will be about 3% higher than 2015; and also the placement on the feedlot during the second half will be lower than in the second quarter we expect also to grow by about 3%. With all this, we expect that the cattle business for beef in the U.S. will be positive. We have seen also improvement in Australia because of the weather conditions. We have seen also that the fundamentals of the Brazilian remains very strong with even increasing exportations. So in our opinion, the cattle business for beef will be positive for the year. Dairy, prices are having a negative impact in the profitability of farmers around the world. In the U.S., we expect that the business will not be – or revenues coming from dairy will not be a significant driver of growth; although we have seen also that so far farmers are not reducing the number of animals, so which is also a good indication that they also expect improvement in pricing in the second half or first half of 2017. Swine, and for us as we said, in the international business is doing extremely well. We expect this trend to continue in the second half. In the U.S., we are facing some competitive challenge that we also expect to start solving in the fourth (sic) [fourth quarter 2016] and first quarter of 2017. And poultry is the area in where we expect probably less positive evolution for our portfolio. But, in general, we expect that livestock at the end of the year will be showing a positive growth.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, we expect SIMPARICA being a key product in our portfolio. And we think that SIMPARICA and SIMPARICA also as a platform for adding new products into the parasiticide franchise will be an important product. We mentioned that we expect this product to generate more than $100 million. Based on the current trends of the market switching more into oral and moving away from topicals will represent a higher opportunity for SIMPARICA. For SIMPARICA, we also are implementing our approach in lifecycle innovation from the very beginning. So we expect also to increase or to improve the label of SIMPARICA very soon with new ticks and also new indications and using SIMPARICA as a platform to combine the active ingredient of SIMPARICA with other active ingredients that will extend the protection of dogs for any type of parasiticide. We will be also working on how to use SIMPARICA active ingredient also to develop products for cats. So, overall, we consider that SIMPARICA as a platform will be a very strong product in our portfolio. SILEO, it's a product that – it's showing that why we are the product of choice in the animal health industry. It's also combining our internal effort with external collaborations. We obtained the license from SILEO from Orion Corporation for the U.S. And SILEO got very good support in terms of communication at the time of the launch. And it will not be a large product in our portfolio, but it's adding solutions to our customers and definitely it's increasing the relevance of Zoetis in terms of providing any type of needs to our customers.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me start with SIMPARICA and then I will ask Paul to answer on the APOQUEL question. So definitely we see SIMPARICA as a strong candidate for DTC promotion. But we also we want to make sure that the product has enough penetration in the market to benefit for this type of investment. And we'll consider this opportunity when we have the product well established in the U.S. market, and we expect that to be in 2017. In terms of APOQUEL, I will ask Paul to answer the question on the inventory channel.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me add one comment of APOQUEL. And in APOQUEL, we have seen that most of the use of the product has been in chronic conditions. Now the effort of our people, it's really to promote the product to expand also the use to acute indication. That is something that we are confident that over time the opportunity of APOQUEL will continue growing.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. So I will answer the first question on – I think it was a question on APOQUEL? But let me – did you ask...
Juan Ramón Alaix: Restructuring. Okay. So let me cover that. So we are ahead of our plans, and we mentioned that we expect that to generate more than $300 million. The initial target was $300 million. So also the good news is that we are ahead in the implementation and we'll generate in 2016 also higher savings than initially expected. In terms of the SKU rationalization, plans are in line with expectation. We have eliminated the majority of the SKUs now. There are still some few SKUs that we decided to keep until we have some other product that will be replacing these SKUs. So we'll minimize the impact of the reduction. And in terms of the plans that we included as divestment or exiting, we did almost all the work now. Countries that we changed the distribution model has been fully implemented. So we are definitely extremely pleased with all the progress that we made in this program. So, Paul, will talk about the capital deployment.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. So you also asked about sales for APOQUEL U.S./international. U.S. is about 75% of the total amount that we reported for the first half and 25% for international.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So we define that the first priority in terms of capital allocation is investing internally. We have a significant return on R&D, significant return on also the commercial activities. Second would be M&A. And, M&A, we consider a scenario that we will continue assessing any opportunity in the market and bringing to our company things that will enhance our core business or will complement our portfolio. We mentioned that diagnostics was an area that we entered some years ago, and we are committed to this area. And we will continue assessing and bringing additional opportunities to our diagnostic portfolio. Genetics is another area that we are already participating. We have seen that genetic is growing very fast in terms of genetic markets and also in terms of other areas that also will support the increase of productivity in livestock. Definitely, we'll be assessing the opportunities to participate in this broader market. And actually, we will consider how we can enhance our core portfolio in livestock, companion animal or aquaculture now that we are also participating in aquaculture. We use also business development to support our R&D efforts. And we will continue partnering with universities, also with biotech companies and other partners that will also support our R&D efforts.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you. Let me make a short comment on the guidance that we provided back in November 2014; and then I will pass to Paul on how we see this margin evolving over time. So the first thing, almost three years ago or two years-and-a-half after we made this projection, we are confirming that in 2017 we'll be improving or reaching that 34% EBIT margin. And moving from at that time 25% that was projected for the end of 2014 to 34%, it's a significant improvement. And I think it's probably the confirmation of the predictability and the sustainability of our business. I think there are not too many companies that after three years they can maintain what I consider of course an aggressive target of improving our margin by 900 basis points. Now I will turn to Paul to provide some additional comments.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So thank you, Dave. Let me maybe provide a little bit more details on where I see we are in terms of our progress in terms of restructuring efforts. So I would say that all the efforts in terms of commercial and R&D are mostly completed. What we are still not fully finalized is related to some areas of G&A, mainly finance and IT, because this was also dependent on the implementation of SAP and we wanted to make sure that while we were transitioning to a different model – a more efficient model, we were ensuring the compliance of any type of finance, tax or IT elements. But we have no doubt that by the end of the year, all the programs will be in place and we'll start 2017 with a new base. In terms of SKUs, I said most of the work has been completed. And there are only some SKUs that we'll be eliminating from now until the end of the year; and this will be also with the introduction of new product that also will help us to minimize a negative impact of this last SKU rationalization. The other area that is still work in progress, but also progressing in line with expectations is the manufacturing changes. We exit the seven plants that we targeted. There is one plant that is still in progress, but five have been sold, one has been exited and the other one is in process. So in that area, things are progressing very well. There are some structural changes also in manufacturing that are a work in progress. And, again, so we plan to finalize this work by the end of the year and start 2017 with a full implemented plan for the operational efficiency program that we announced in 2015.
Juan Ramón Alaix: The answer to this question in R&D is also answering how much are we allocating to new product innovation and how much we are allocating to lifecycle innovation. And we have actually buckets in our R&D expenses, one is related to regulatory expenses, about 15%; and then the other 85%, it's split between new product innovation and lifecycle innovation. So we are investing significantly to keep our current portfolio updated and competitive. So how much are we generating in terms of growth in-line compared to new products and price. So we describe that the animal health industry will be growing 5% to 6% in the next coming years. About half of these 5% to 6% will be related to price; and then in-line, we'll have half of the growth and new products have half of the remaining growth. The ability of Zoetis and other companies to grow faster than this 5% to 6% will come from new products. So, in 2016, excluding the impact of SKU rationalization, in the second quarter, this normalized operational growth is 9%. So how much came from the price? It was about 3% from price. New products also generated a significant part of this growth; and the in-line portfolio, it was growing volume by 1%. So the rest of the portfolio, APOQUEL generated 3 percentage points, other new products another 2 percentage points. So you see that the new products in the second quarter were generating about 500 basis points out of this 900 normalized organic operational growth. And that is what we also expect there for the future. For the future, we have communicated that we plan to grow in-line faster than market. In 2017, based in our guidance, we plan to grow faster than the market; and this faster growth will come from new product launches.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, let me start with the question on how much we plan to circulate the excess of the savings into our profits and how much we plan to reinvest. And the answer will be, if we see opportunities of reinvestment, these extra savings that will generate future of growth and future profitable growth, then always we will decide to reinvestment in areas that will create future higher value for all our shareholders. And if we'll have these opportunities, then these excess savings will go to our profits. In China...
Juan Ramón Alaix: Yeah. In China, we see China as a country that will continue offering high opportunities for growth. We describe many times China as the largest producer of pork in the world. They have more than 600 million (pigs). Some of the statistics there are also indicating that they have 800 million of pigs; and still a lot of this production is not consolidated or is not highly sophisticated. And we expect that this will represent big opportunities for companies like Zoetis that can offer products that will increase the productivity and the quality and safety of the production in China. We also have seen opportunities in other species like cattle. The objective for us in cattle is to build a stronger portfolio, especially to build a stronger portfolio in vaccines. And the way that we are doing that is first trying to get approval for a portfolio that is already available in other markets, also in China. And second, to invest in R&D locally to produce specific vaccines for cattle, for swine and also for poultry. And this is a strategy that we are following, and we are convinced that China will continue growing, not only in livestock, we have seen a significant success in our portfolio in companion animal. We have now a portfolio, which is covering vaccines and covering some other products. We still have the opportunity in China to approve APOQUEL in the future – to approve SIMPARICA. This will take some time, but we are convinced that the potential growth of China will continue. There has been in the second quarter some additional growth coming from these extra acquisitions from channel distributors in anticipation of changes on the label. This is mainly administrative changes rather than a lot of work really to update the indications updates there (01:10:23). So you have seen that we wanted to ensure that the product will be continually available in the market without any kind of a reduction.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, it's always difficult to respond to these hypothetical questions, so I think definitely much higher than what we reported and not only in the U.S., but also in the other markets. So imagine that we have had APOQUEL fully available and fully launched in all markets from January 1, then definitely the revenues will be much higher than the $100 million at this point. How much, I think, is difficult to assess. But we are convinced that the opportunity is not only on having the product available without restrictions to all markets, to all customers, but the opportunity also to expand the use of APOQUEL not only to chronic, but also to acute indications. And this is where we're making a lot of efforts and we are considering different ways of communicating through veterinarians and also different ways to communicate that to pet owners to increase the awareness of the product and to make sure that the pet owners are also going to the clinics asking for APOQUEL for both chronic, but also acute indications.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me start with the easiest answer on the cat. So definitely cats, in general, they don't like pills. And if you want to really to succeed in the cat market, you need to offer a topical indication; and this is what would be working in our R&D program really to bring this product into the market. So IL-31 still is a product that has been commercialized under a conditional license. It means that we still have very limited promotional activities for IL-31. So we want – or we focus during this period until full license to get the experience of using this product and also to develop all the data that will support the approval, the full license of IL-31. The feedback from the market so far is very positive. And, again, it's very complementary to APOQUEL. APOQUEL will be in both, acute and chronic. IL-31 being a product which is injectable, maybe we will position more in chronic than acute, but still will be opportunities for both indications. And as I said, in terms of efficacy, greater response from the veterinarians, mainly dermatologists and some experienced veterinarians and also great on safety. So I think all the indications are very positive to IL-31. And this will be, as I said, very complementary to our atopic dermatitis franchise (01:15:31) itching conditions. And we are very pleased with what we are doing. Last comment on SIMPARICA. So we continue to see SIMPARICA as a platform. So the active ingredient of SIMPARICA will be used for combination products, also for oral, for atopical; and we are convinced that this will be a significant product in our portfolio. And I think just to remind that in the cat business – or parasiticide, the cat market, we have REVOLUTION and REVOLUTION is performing very well. And we also expect that with the new lifecycle innovation that we are applying to SIMPARICA, the REVOLUTION penetration also will also be reinforced.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us on this call. And with that, I hope you have a very good day. Thank you.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure. And I'll come back and hit the DTC question as well. With respect to APOQUEL and the channel, I think we saw a much more normalized pull-through of APOQUEL in Q2 than we had in Q1. Anybody that wants APOQUEL can get it now. They can order what they want. And so, we're starting to see a more normalized or a matching between our revenues and the products that are moving out through the various clinics where it's been stocked. You hit it right on the head. I mean, earlier when people were not quite convinced that we've put the supply chain issues behind us, people were hording it or holding it in the office to ensure they had supply. But that is, from our perspective, less and now you're seeing normal stocking and pull-through of the product. There may be pockets where it's still there, but much more normalized; and we're excited about prospects for APOQUEL. With respect to DTC, and if you think about DTC for potentially two products, it's APOQUEL and it could be SIMPARICA, I'd just say that within our guidance or within our OpEx guidance for 2016 and 2017, there are dollars allocated for promotional programs, including DTC. I think when I talk about – and during my prepared remarks, not ignoring opportunities to invest and say, we made assumptions about the level of promotional spend against all of our product franchises. And it's currently embedded within our guidance for 2016 and 2017 to the extent that we see great returns from certain promotional activities, we may well increase them in the future. But for now, they're baked in.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah. As long as you went there. Some great statistics that I think are helpful, but people think about APOQUEL and the potential for APOQUEL, whether it's in the U.S. or outside. If you take the universe of itchy dogs, over half of itchy dogs are considered acute. They have average treatment days of a couple of weeks. And so, on a percentage of the market basis, it's not great, but there is a lot of opportunity for us there. And of course the thought is the next largest group in terms of a percentage are the seasonal itchy dogs and then the smallest is the chronic. About 20% are chronic; it's a little less than 20% are chronic. And, of course, our view is that when you have an acute situation and you bring a dog is there's that opportunity where that dog can get excellent relief from using a product like APOQUEL. And to the extent that it turns out that that dog has seasonal issues, then, well, it can move into a different category. So there is a lot of opportunity here for us. We started off by really focusing on that slightly less than 20% of the market that was in the chronic category, albeit when they go on to therapy, they go on for a large number of days. I'll stop there.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah, I will take capital deployment. I think we continue to look for ways to invest our cash flow back in our business where we could earn the highest returns. Certainly to M&A and as we said pretty consistently, to the extent that there's not a better call on our cash flow within our business for M&A, then when will distribute it back to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We are currently purchasing shares at the rate of about 75 million a quarter. We have a program that runs through the balance of 2016; and we're obviously in the process of looking at 2017 and beyond and thinking through what we'll do there. But, Erin, you bring up a great point and it's something we talk about quite a bit. 2016, we don't really demonstrate through our quarter results the real cash-generating properties of our business. 2017 will be the first opportunity for the market to see in our reported results the ability of this company to generate significant free cash flow. And the reasons for that are the obvious ones that we're completing our standup from Pfizer, and that's been expensive and lengthy; we are completing – or generally completing the payments for implementing our efficiency initiative and we hope to put those behind us by the end of 2016. And so, when we enter 2017, you're going to see a much more normalized level of cash generation from this company. And as we generate that cash, we will stick to the model of looking for ways to deploy inside, outside in value-generative M&A. And last and certainly not least, in the form of our dividends and share repurchases.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure. I'll start with the tax rate. Yeah. The tax rate was a little bit lower, but you should note we did not change our guidance for the full year 2016. Tax is a fun thing. It's like I talked about how difficult it can be to calculate or predict the impact of FX on your gross margin. Similarly, trying to forecast your tax rate by quarter or by half year, the longer the period you're forecasting, the more accurate you're going to be. It is entirely likely and possible that we'll see some discrete items in the second half of our year that would cause our tax rate to be higher in the second half than it would be in the first. Generally, what I want to report is, we've made excellent progress in managing our tax position in light of the challenge that was thrown at us by the European Commission in January of this year; and we feel good heading into 2017 that we'll be able to achieve the effective tax rate that we've guided to on adjusted pre-tax of roughly 30%. So I'll leave it at that. And I think your other question there was around dividend versus share repurchase and how do you think about that perhaps as you move into 2017 with a more normalized cash flow coming out of the company. Let me say it's something that we will more likely address in detail later in the year. As I said, as we go through the process of looking at 2017 in some detail and we'll come back to you. Just state that we intend to return to shareholder's, through dividends or share repurchases, capital that's not needed to invest productively within our business or for M&A. I know a lot of you would – we've been out in meetings to say do you have a personal preference for share repurchase versus dividend. Let's leave that discussion for the fall.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah, sure. And I want to be real clear. One, why did we provide long-term guidance? We provided that because we knew the steps that we were about to embark on would include the SKU rationalization, the change in business models outside the U.S. and a pretty substantial change in our OpEx base. And in light of that, outside parties trying to forecast what we would look like in 2016 and then in 2017, you would've had no chance to really be able to be somewhat accurate. And so, we felt compelled to provide longer term guidance to let people determine through their own models whether they were in the neighborhood of what we were thinking or they had a difference of opinion. I think that was a one-time event. We, like most other companies, are reverting to having just – will revert to having just one year worth of guidance on the Street. So we'll provide the update, as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks for 2017 later this year and then we'll have 2017 on the board. But I really want to focus on comments, Vlad, that you made around the 34% kind of operating EBIT margin – or excuse me, adjusted EBIT margin target that you referenced. Because I want to be really, really clear. We're not targeting a maximum operating margin. We're seeking to maximize our cash flow and grow it at a fast rate. If that's at a 33% margin, that's okay; if that's at a 36% margin, that's okay too, but it's not focusing solely on what is that margin and let's maximize that margin. We're looking at maximizing earnings as a proxy for cash flow and then growing it as quickly and for as long as we can at an attractive rate. Now, separately I believe you asked about is there an upper limit. One of the advantages of our company is that we have a wonderful global footprint where we have the scale to support that global footprint and generally – not completely, but generally, we have the ability to drive a lot more revenue on the infrastructure that we have deployed around the globe. So the answer is, yeah, we have the ability to continue to leverage our cost structure and thereby improve that operating margin. But what I don't want people to do is to focus on and say, a 33% or a 35% or – and look at that and say, well, gee, that's less than I thought. The goal is not to continue to drive that percentage; it's to maximize profit, cash flow, grow it and grow it fast and grow it for a long time. So I rambled a little bit there, but I hope I covered your question.
Paul S. Herendeen: I want to make one – it's one point, and Juan Ramón covered this. But China, from a growth perspective, is attractive both on the companion animal front and the livestock front. And so that's an important point and I think he covered the structural elements that will lead to we believe good long-term growth opportunities. What's also interesting about China is how it affects one of our other key markets, which is Brazil. I think many of you may have seen recently an article that talked about the increase in exports of beef from Brazil to China. That's a good thing for us, because we're present in Brazil and that helps with the health of our customer base in Brazil. So China has a pretty interesting influence on our business, both for what we do there, but also on other segments of our company.
