Steve Frank - Zoetis, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to the Zoetis fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. I am joined today by Juan Ramón Alaix, our Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn David, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind you that the slides presented on this call are available on the Investor Relations section of our website and that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, and that actual results could differ materially from those projections. For a list and description of certain factors that could cause results to differ, I refer you to the forward-looking statements in today's press release and our SEC filings, including but not limited to, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our reports on Form 10-Q. Our remarks today will also include references to certain financial measures, which were not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or U.S. GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures is included in the financial tables that accompany our earnings press release and in the company's 8-K filing dated today, February 16, 2017. We also cite operational results, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will turn the call over to Juan Ramón.
Steve Frank - Zoetis, Inc.: And we will now open the floor for any follow-up questions. That's follow-up questions only, thank you.
Steve Frank - Zoetis, Inc.: And it appears we have no further questions, I'll return the floor to you, Juan Ramón for any closing remarks.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Louise. And we'll maintain the same capital allocation philosophy that we already shared with you. So, we'll continue investing in the business. We see opportunities this year of reinforcing our presence in the market with DTC campaigns, also expanding field forces in the markets. We'll continue investing in R&D because we consider that the productivity of R&D is very high and we have been delivering very strong products and we'll continue supporting our growth with this investment. We'll also invest in manufacturing, to ensure that we have the capacity, and the capabilities that we will need to support our future growth. And we'll also continue assessing external opportunities, business and developmental opportunities that will reinforce our internal growth. And any excess capital we will return to the shareholders through dividends or the program that we already announced for buying shares back.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Derik. I will answer the first question and then I will ask Glenn to provide an answer to your second question. Cytopoint, definitely the feedback from the market is extremely positive. But also we want to consider not Cytopoint or Apoquel as separate. We want to consider now our dermatology portfolio, which is now even stronger than last year with Cytopoint, and we expect that the combination of these two products will cover all the needs of veterinarians when treating acute, chronic, or seasonalized atopic dermatitis or any type of skin condition. So we are very excited about our portfolio. We are considering that Apoquel will continue growing and we're supporting Apoquel this year with additional resources in terms of DTC and some additional activities in the market. And this also will have an impact in the Cytopoint because, as I said, we'll consider the combined portfolio in dermatology as the way to deliver the value to our customers and to cover the needs in terms of treating itching conditions or atopic dermatitis.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay, thank you. Well, we have the first news on the products in terms of combining the flea, ticks, and heartworm because now we have topical product, which is a combination of the active ingredient of Simparica, sarolaner with the active ingredient of Revolution/Stronghold that it's selamectin. And this product has been already approved in Europe and we plan to launch this product every soon in the European market. Definitely, this is only the first step. We'll continue working internally to combine the same principle of different agents to have broader spectrum of coverage in parasiticides, including internal parasiticides, in this case for dogs. We have not yet provided the timing of the launch, but definitely our R&D team is working in this combo, but also working in future formulations that can also include injectable formulations and longer duration of protection. When we have more clarity on the timing, we'll provide an update on this information. And then in terms of the clinic consolidation, so now Banfield that has around 900 clinics in the U.S. will be a consolidated with VCA that has another 800 clinics. So this will represent 1,700 to 1,800 clinics of a total of 30,000 clinics in the U.S. market for companion animals. We have good collaboration with both companies with Banfield and VCA, and we expect also to continue this collaboration. Based on comments that we got from Banfield, it seems that they will keep these two networks independent, and we will continue working with Banfield as a group, and also with different clinics that are part of a network, to promote and to support our portfolios.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Erin. So let me start with your question about the distribution strategy. And these are related, as you mentioned, to companion animal. In previous year, we had the exclusivity provisions for few products and with certain distributors. So in 2016, we extended the collaboration with distributors, adding vaccines, but on a non-exclusive basis, in this case for the vaccines. So this year also, we included as part of the agreement with distributors, our parasiticide products. So Revolution, ProHeart 6, and Simparica. This will be part now of the agreement with distributors. With these extended partnership with distributors, we are confident that we'll be able to increase our share of voice and also penetration in veterinarian clinics. Also the changes with distributors, with these changes, we have considered that it's much more attractive model to have that contract with the distributors based on total volume, rather than exclusivity, for a small number of products. Having said that, also, we remain committed to our commercial model based on direct interactions with customers through highly qualified field force to generate demand for our products. And the result of all these changes is that we expect a positive impact in our business. And the outlook for generics is also something that maybe some questions in the market will remain unchanged from what we said in the past. So, in summary, we are confident that this new model will be very attractive. We'll also have better support from distributors, while we'll maintain our presence (38:05) in the market with our direct interaction with the customers. Glenn will talk about what has been the impact in terms of stock and revenues related to the change on the distribution.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jon. And let me go through the different species in livestock in the U.S., starting with cattle. So we expect, in the cattle business, for the market growth that will be 2% to 3%, and we expect to grow faster than the market in 2017. We expect also a slowdown in terms of herd expansion. Still, in 2017, we expect the herd will be continue growing. But something that is new is, we expect that in 2018 and 2019 also, this herd expansion will be now stable. Beef prices continue being a challenge in the U.S. market, but still we expect a recovery in the second half of the year. And the dairy segment, in terms of profitability, is normalizing, which is also positive. So we will see also that the volume in terms of prevention and productivity will continue growing, and maybe will be a slowdown in terms of the use of anti-infective. As I said, 2% to 3% the market, and we are predicting that we'll be growing faster than the market. In poultry, we expect flat to 1% market growth, and we expect a growth in this segment for Zoetis. So we'll see continued pressure on antibiotics, but we also have a portfolio that can be alternative to the antibiotics, which are considered as medically important for human, and we can offer alternatives that will generate growth in our portfolio. And finally, pork, about 1% to 2% growth in the market, and again, we expect also to grow faster than the market, mainly driven by now the entrance of the new PCV2 vaccines in our portfolio that we expect to roll during the year. And we'll continue working on new combinations of vaccines or vaccines that will be adding antigen. That also will reinforce our position in pork.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So thank you. So we stopped providing exactly rate of growth in Brazil. Definitely, we see Brazil market that will continue growing, growing in many different species, including companion animal. And that's why we decided also to expand our field force for companion animal in 2017, and we are also expanding our field force for cattle in 2017. So we are investing in the market because we see the opportunities that this market will continue growing. And we see that this market will also grow in terms of export. So the projections for Brazil continue being very positive. Still one of the things that is difficult to predict in exactly how much will be the impact of the different discussions in terms of trade. But we are confident that maybe Brazil can have a benefit on all these trade discussions, including the export, that has been very strong in the past. In companion animal, definitely we see the opportunity of increasing that medicalization in dogs. They will be also having the benefit of having the entire portfolio of Zoetis now approved in Brazil. We have Apoquel, we have also Simparica is something that definitely will help us to generate even faster growth in companion animal in this market. Next question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, the lessons that we learned – and thank you for the questions, John – the lessons that we learned that we understood from the beginning that there were opportunities for being much more efficient. But at the same time, we went through a process of building the infrastructure, implementing ERP. And we considered that it was too much trying to implement everything at the same time. But when we have full control on our operations, we really focus on improving our efficiency. And the result of this operational efficiency program is that, first, now we learned that managing so many SKUs is not adding any value to our customers. In the past, we tried to meet all customer needs in terms of not only products, but we remain with significant large number of products, but meeting expectations in terms of dosages, formulations that in many cases were adding only complexity and limiting our ability to be reliable in terms of supply. So this is one of the first lessons. So it's reducing complexity in terms of SKUs, in terms of market. It's providing to us the opportunity to be much more focused and provide more value to all our customers. The second lesson is that the reaction of Zoetis team in terms of embracing all these opportunities. And really targeting all these savings, we serve the objective of not only being more efficient but also supporting our future growth in a way that that will be stronger. And I think is the last lesson that we learnt through the process is that definitely there were significant opportunities of eliminating non-added value activities. And these were related to marketing, it was related to some of the activities that we were doing in terms of meetings and travels that were not adding value to our growth and not adding value to our operations. And we are very pleased what we have achieved. Definitely, we have now mobile that is (48:37) much more efficient in commercial, also in finance, and in many other parts of the company. But definitely, we learned that it's important to focus on improving profitability, but even more important than just improving profitability is ensuring the future growth of Zoetis. So then you asked about the plan to optimize manufacturing going forward. Maybe Glenn can cover this question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Alex. So we don't see any change in the outlook for generics in 2017 or 2018. So we know that the generics will capture part of the market. We have been managing very well in the past and we don't see anything that is creating a change in terms of generic penetration. So we are very confident that there is many different aspects that are also supporting our portfolio. We have very strong brand equity. We are promoting many products in our portfolio, which is also allowing us to also to offer volume discounts. We are a company that is bringing significant innovation, which is also an important part of what is our reputation in the market. And we maintain a significant presence in terms of direct interaction with customers. So all these elements are in my opinion supporting our portfolio and definitely we see that the generic will get part of the market. But no different what we have been communicated that over time, they can reach 20% to 40%, but definitely not in the first year as we have been demonstrated many times. So it's a very different market than human health, and I don't think things are changing that will increase the penetration of generics significantly. At least for companies that maintain a significant presence in the market, they promote large portfolio and they have the reputation and the interactions with customers. Simparica combo, I guess, that you referred to the product that has been recently approved in Europe, that it was a topical formulation for cats. We expect also to introduce this product in the market in the U.S. We don't have yet details or we have not provided the timing. Definitely, once we have more information, we'll provide these details. We file in the U.S., but it's FDA filing and it depend on the U.S. reviews, the timing of the approval and the launch of the product. The rest of the portfolio, combining the combo products sarolaner with other active ingredients to include internal and external parasiticide for dogs, again, so it's something that we are working and will provide more details when we are progressing in this project.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, I will say that, rather than providing a general comment, maybe it's good to see what is the impact by species. First, on the consolidation of Boehringer Ingelheim with Merial. So in companion animal, the majority of the portfolio will be Merial. They will be adding some products, especially in pain, coming from BI. We don't see a significant change in the competition landscape in terms of companion animal. For cattle is where we see that the combined portfolio will strengthen the position of the new company. In swine, basically portfolio will be the portfolio that BI had in the past, so no changes in the competitive landscape, and the same for the poultry. Poultry will be mainly the Merial portfolio. So we don't expect significant changes in terms of competition, in terms of species. They will have, definitely, a bigger critical mass. This critical mass they can help them in terms of investments, and also especially in smaller markets, and definitely will be a stronger competitor than the two companies separated. At the same time, so the combined company, they will need to manage higher complexity, and I'm sure that they will manage in the future, but they will have to understand how to manage the diversity of this extended portfolio and also, they will be facing the distraction of the integration. So in 2017, probably we will see challenge and opportunities, not too big changes in terms of competition by species, and it's something that we are confident that we will be managing. You asked about Elanco. Elanco has been reinforced with recent acquisition, but this is something that, it's already part of our competitive landscape. So we don't see that Elanco in 2017 will have a different type of challenge, in terms of competition, compared to 2016.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, thank you, Mark. I think probably these questions will be answered by Glenn, he has all these details, and I'm sure that he can provide the answer.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Chris. And I think we are not changing our projection that has been provided in the past for Apoquel, so we think that Apoquel will be generating more than $300 million on peak sales. How much is something that we'll see depending on also the market that will be also captured in Cytopoint. And we also think that, now that we have Cytopoint with a full license in the U.S., but still no Cytopoint in the rest of the world. I think it's important that we understand that the full potential of Cytopoint, and then we provide guidance on the combined portfolio, when we have this information. But we see that the Cytopoint will be adding revenues to the more than $300 million that we already communicated for Apoquel.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So, in terms of biologicals, we will continue investing there heavily to develop new vaccines, to develop combination of vaccines. We also intend to reinforce our presence in cattle vaccines in Europe. We also want to develop a larger portfolio of vaccines in China, and we'll be developing a strategy to be having stronger presence of our teams in China, mainly for swine, but also with opportunities of other species. So all areas of R&D investment, we are now using the platform of sarolaner to develop a new parasiticide. And we mentioned the approval of sarolaner with selamectin in Europe for cat topical formulation, and we'll continue investing in this platform to ensure that we're covering broader spectrum of parasiticides. We also with Cytopoint, we have quite significant knowledge in terms of monoclonal antibody, and these monoclonal antibodies also will be targeting all the different indications including pain or including other therapeutic indications. And we're also targeting in livestock opportunities of improving profitability for productivity, improving productivity in livestock. So we know that there are now products that are helping us with efficiencies. We think that there will be opportunity for adding new products that will support this additional productivity in livestock.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, Cytopoint has been under the jurisdiction of USDA. We expect that other monoclonal antibodies will depend. We expect that the indication for pain will be under the jurisdiction of FDA, but this will depend. And there is a clear definition of who should be responsible for each type of product, and also with discussions with the regulators when we start developing the programs, then we will find which will be the final regulator that will be involved in the approval.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much for joining us today and we'll continue with providing updates to our business in a regular basis. Thank you very much.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. And just to add to that, Louise, we're currently in the market purchasing this quarter, we expect to purchase about $125 million in shares this quarter.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: And in terms of the growth rates for 2017 on an operational basis, when we set the guidance back in November, since 2016 actuals were not final, we based the 2017 growth off the midpoint of those ranges. Now that we have final 2016 actuals and we came in towards the high-end of those ranges, the growth rates naturally declined. I do want to make it clear, the operational numbers themselves have not changed and in the core expectations for the business have not changed, except for the update to foreign exchange that we've reflected.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Hi, Erin. In terms of the stocking impact for Q4, when you look at that and if you compare that to our total sales for the quarter, it's less than 1%, right. So if you're looking at the companion animal growth, there was a benefit of slightly less than 1% related to that. The offset to that in evaluating the companion animal growth, particularly in the U.S., is the impact of the surgical fluid business and the decline we saw there, that was slightly greater than the impact of the stocking. To your question on the underlying trends in companion animal and livestock, as we've discussed, we do expect, again, companion animal to grow stronger than livestock in 2017. I think when you look at it, for 2016 on a normalized organic basis, right, growth in livestock was 4%, growth in companion animal was 14%. I think we'd expect that difference to come closer in 2017, but again, we'd expect companion animal to grow stronger.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So in terms of the sales for Apoquel and Revolution, so for Q4 we saw $70 million in sales of Apoquel. So in the U.S. we had $50 million of sales, which was a nice pickup sequentially from Q3 as we work through the inventory issues we discussed in the prior quarter, so a nice sequential growth in the U.S. Internationally, we had $20 million in sales, which was a drop from Q3 as we expected. In the Q3 call, we talked a lot about the fact that there was some initial stocking in Japan. So, again, for the quarter total $70 million, and for the year we have $248 million of sales in Apoquel with a $170 million of that in the U.S. and $78 million international. In terms of how we're going to disclose that moving forward, between Apoquel, Cytopoint, or the derm portfolio, we're still early on in that. We want to see how the mix evolves, and then we'll determine what's the best way to disclose the sales are moving forward.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of the plan to optimize manufacturing going forward, I think there are essentially three major plants that are still set to be transitioned by 2020. And as we go through that transition and move a lot of those products, we expect to get another 200 basis points improvement in our gross margins, but those are the next major initiatives related to manufacturing. Next question.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: In terms of continued margin expansion, so we do expect this year of 2017 to be between 34% and 35%, which is a significant improvement over where we've been historically. We do see further room for improvement, we talked about 200 basis points that we see in gross margin coming by 2020 and we also do expect to be able to grow our expenses slower than our growth in revenue moving forward. That being said, we're not targeting a margin. We're going to look at the right investment opportunities and do what makes the most financial sense and provides the highest return going forward. But those are some of the key areas that will provide some additional margin opportunities as we move forward.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: In terms of sales for Simparica that is something that we haven't disclosed. Performance this year has been in line with our expectations and we do expect peak sales for the product to be over $100 million. We expect it to be a blockbuster and we're also very focused on the platform that it provides us to have continued lifecycle enhancements related to that product.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Sure. In terms of the price volume growth for the year. So if we start with our normalized organic operational growth, right, of 8% for the year, about 5% of that comes from new products. So we'll classify that as volume, right. Then there is the remaining 3%. The remaining 3%, 2% of that comes from price and 1% volume. So in total, 2% price and 6% volume for the year, in terms of the impact that we have on a normalized basis. And in terms of the impact of inflation on price, that's something, as we go across geographies, not just in the U.S., inflation is definitely a factor that we consider when setting our price increases. So it definitely does have an impact on how we set those increases annually.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, Chris. Specific to your question on border adjustability, when we look at that and we look at our imports and exports, we're essentially net neutral between imports and exports in the U.S. So in terms of the impact on tax reform, it's really going to depend on what the tax rates are on imports and exports to understand the impact of that. But from an overall number perspective in terms of what we import and what we export, we're essentially net neutral.
