Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Louise, for the question. We still see unmet needs in our animal health industry. One of the unmet needs there is related to pain in dogs and cats and bring some of them in the solutions for the current treatments. And this is why we are focused on a number of [ current treatments ] that we'll be providing alternative to the current treatments for dogs and cats. We also see opportunities of combination of oral parasiticide for internal and external parasiticides. And definitely, we see the opportunity of enhancing productivity in livestock with the new technologies that will replace existing ones. So there are areas that definitely we have internal problems. And we mentioned many times, our competitors because they are part of pharma companies, we are not disclosing any details. For us, providing this information will create a negative impact in our ability to compete successfully in the future. In terms of how we measure productivity, I like Glenn that will provide some details. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Erin on that. We see Zoetis as a much more integrated offer to our customers, including the products in medicines, the change there, but also diagnostics, genetics. What we have to describe as a -- the health care cycle of intention also prediction, prevention and treatment. And definitely, we'll continue focus on our core business. In the core business we'll continue generating the majority of our revenues and profit. But we see opportunities to accelerate our growth by investing in some of these complementary spaces. Definitely, in genetics, diagnostics, data analytics are part of these efforts. We have now in diagnostics arranged on the pipeline that definitely we'll be focused on delivering in the next coming years. We also presented in the last congress of VMX, a new Carysta, high-volume chemistry that -- it's part of our efforts really to become a key player in diagnostics. But in a way, that will be integrated -- or we'll be integrating more all these portfolio in our offer to our customers. As well, we will be investing in data analytics essentials that will complement our offer to our customers. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Alex. And well, I -- probably I should focus on the drivers of our growth and it's basically because of our portfolio. We have a portfolio, which is extremely well-balanced on many different therapeutic carriers, talking about livestock. And these are also helping us -- as I said many times, the diversity is helping us really to manage different cycles, different opportunities, different challenge and really deliver results, which are very consistent and, in some cases, we're growing as faster than our competitors. And we don't see that the livestock business in the U.S. is showing any negative fundamentals. As I said, for '18, we expect the cattle business, beef and dairy combined, showing positive growth. We also expect that the swine and poultry will continue growing. In the case of swine, we expect that Zoetis will be growing faster on the market because we are introducing new products. And also we have seen that some of the challenges that we faced in '17 related to the PCV2 vaccine now are over. And at the same time, we are introducing new PCV2 vaccines covering more strength, but also will help us structurally with the growth in 2018. Poultry, also we expect a positive growth in the U.S. and will be growing in line with the market. So overall, very pleased with our performance and also positive about the prospects for livestock in the U.S. In terms of -- you also asked about companion animal and what has been the drivers of growth in '17 and also how we see the growth moving forward. Maybe, Glenn, you can provide the details of new products, price and also volume of growth for the price of the portfolio. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: And answering about the potential opportunity of launching a future blockbuster. Definitely, we'll continue seeing opportunities of launching our products that generate significant growth. And I discussed about monoclonal antibodies for pain. I also talked about combination of products in parasiticide segment for internal and external enhancement of our productivity for livestock. At this point, commenting when these products will be launched, I think it's too premature. But we think that we can continue generating growth, which is in line [indiscernible] the market with existing portfolio and also the addition of a -- maybe a blockbuster, but also multiple products that will support our revenue growth. In our industry, as I mentioned many times, we are not dependent on bringing these blockbusters to generate consistent growth because we don't have the same impact that we see in pharma sales because of generic deceleration. So we are pleased with our pipeline. We are pleased with the return of our investment in R&D. And we'll continue our focus on generating internal value growth. And at the same time, as I see an opportunity that -- external opportunity that will enhance our opportunity to grow. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, John. Let me say that we see diagnostics as an area that is growing faster than the average of animal health. And we see diagnostics also as a very complementary to our offer to customers and also an opportunity to leverage our existing relationship and infrastructure in many markets. The focus today is developing our internal pipeline, to bring these products into the market. We see that it's a significant competition in companion animal, especially in the U.S., much more opportunities to offer penetration in International market in companion animals. And because also our expertise and our presence in livestock, we see this area as a significant potential opportunity for Zoetis. And this should be in areas like rapid test point of care but also equipment. So this is where we are focused today in Zoetis. These type of point-of-care diagnostic tools that will help veterinarians in companion animal and livestock to make decisions at the point of care. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: I will provide some comments on the companion animal products outside of the U.S. Glenn also will maybe expanding in some of the details for International markets and definitely, will be commenting on the operating free cash flow. That's the question that you raised and also the outlook for 2018. We have seen in International markets a very high growth in companion animal. International markets are combination of the new product launches, Apoquel, to a lesser extent, Cytopoint, Simparica. But also the growth that we have seen in some of the major markets in companion animal in where the rates of medicalization has been growing very fast. And we have seen in countries like Brazil, China, significant growth. And in countries like China, we started new product launches. So we still see the opportunity of growth in the future once we introduce Apoquel, Cytopoint and Simparica in the Chinese market. We still see significant opportunities for growth in International markets because the level of penetration of Apoquel, Cytopoint and Simparica compared to the U.S. is much lower. So we expect in 2018 that we'll be -- continue enjoying growth in international markets in companion animal. Maybe, Glenn, you can maybe expand some details on this question and also on the free cash flow one. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Kathy. And I think definitely, we have seen that the option of Apoquel and Cytopoint has been growing in 2017 very fast. And that's why we are now projecting for 2018 already to generate $500 million of -- in sales or more. Both products are -- performance is still well. And now I think it's something that we feel that pet owners when they go to clinics and they have dermatology issues, they are leaving the clinics with either Apoquel or Cytopoint. Definitely, the direct-to-consumer advertising has been helping to accelerate their option and also to expand the market. In terms of penetration, definitely, the penetration in the U.S. and in international market is different. In the U.S., we reported last quarter that we have a penetration of -- in terms of patients of about 59%. We have seen in the fourth quarter this penetration is stable. And it's something that, in some ways, was suspected because it's a quarter in where most of the use in -- it's in acute while -- I am sorry, chronic while we have seen increase in the penetration because of the use of acute and seasonal. Seasonal and acute is mainly in the second and third quarter, and we expect in 2018 continue growing in these acute and seasonal and also helping also to -- with the increase of awareness in terms of dermatology issues with our continued DTC campaign in 2018. We have not seen too much cannibalization of Apoquel because of Cytopoint. It's about 26%, which is what we were expecting. But I think it's something that we are offering -- both solutions to the veterinarians, and we are very pleased with the performance of these 2 products. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Glenn. And maybe some clarification on the dermatology penetration. I mentioned data for the U.S., International markets there, definitely, we have a lower patient share. And we still see a lot of the room for growing in terms of patient share and also in terms of expanding the market. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Chris. And let me cover the question on dermatology portfolio, and then Glenn will discuss about the quarterly projections for 2018. We still see growth not only in 2018 but in future years for dermatology portfolio. And maybe the growth in the market that the products has been introduced [indiscernible] like in the U.S. This growth will be moderated in the future. But there's still -- in many international markets, we are just introducing Cytopoint. Apoquel, definitely have a -- still a lot of opportunity to continue growing. I mentioned China as a country where we don't have yet Apoquel, and we expect also China generating growth in the future. So we don't see that 2018 will be our peak sales in terms of Apoquel. Cytopoint, on the contrary, will continue growing. Definitely, the growth will be moderated, but we expect also continue growing. And definitely, we'll see growth coming from volume but also growth are coming from prices. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Gregg. And definitely, we have seen a consolidation of vet clinics in the U.S. Also, we have seen not too much consolidation of clinics outside of the U.S. but there may be buy-in groups that also are having an impact. So far, we are managing very well the relationship with these clinics. In some cases, we have been able, really, to reach exclusive agreements for Simparica on one of these larger groups that -- it's something that we see as a very positive. We understand that, in some cases, we may tap some pressure in terms of prices, which is part of also our projections in our model. But at the same time, where we see the opportunity also of expanding the health care because of better services to veterinarians. So we see also that in the case of Zoetis, we have a portfolio of specialty care. That is also providing significant benefits to this change of clinics and definitely, we are managing extremely well. It was a very positive collaboration with [ man field ] in the future -- in the past. We also have good collaboration with the VCA, and we expect that the combination of the 2 groups also will continue positive for Zoetis. In terms of the decisions of Elanco. I think it's something that -- I prefer not to comment on other companies' strategic reviews. We went through our process 5 years ago. It was the right decision for Pfizer and also for, as what you said, very pleased with our performance. And definitely, we have seen the benefits of being at Zoetis, having a single focus on animal health and a singular focus on providing value to our customers and to our shareholders. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Doug. We don't see that the competition has been increasing in companion animal for our in-line portfolio. Definitely, we have seen the impact of generics in line with previous years and also in line with our predictions. Definitely, vaccines, which have been growing very fast in our opinion, growing faster than the market for companion animals. So in general, we understand that there has been new problems in the pain market in 2017 that has an impact on RIMADYL. But this is not something we see as greater competition in our in-line. Maybe our in-line portfolio has been affected because of so many products, new products that have been launched in period year. And as you can imagine, the level of attention of our field force during this period has been intentionally in these new products. But we are very pleased also with the performance of our in-line. And definitely, we see that this in-line will be performing according to our projections. In terms of the dermatology portfolio opportunity outside of the U.S., so there is probably a couple of years or 18 months difference in terms of the interaction of Apoquel in international markets. Cytopoint, that it was introduced in U.S. at the end of '16 or mid-'16, has been introduced at the end of '17 in Europe, still not introduced in many international markets. I mentioned that even Apoquel is not yet approved in China, and we expect approval in the future. So definitely, it's a significant opportunity of growing our dermatology portfolio outside of the U.S. But still, we see opportunities of continue growing in the U.S. And definitely, we'll be supporting this growth with a DTC campaign in 2018 in our U.S. markets. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: We see livestock in international markets also continue positive. China show companion animal, 20% growth in '17. This was the combination of companion animal and livestock. There are always, as we mentioned many times, in current cycle prices of pork in China and some of our markets there, they kind of affect temporary some of the growth drivers. But one of the advantages of Zoetis that we explained many times is the diversity of our business in all the geographies. In terms of Brazil, we don't see any change in the fundamentals of our business in Brazil. The cattle business is doing very well, swine doing very well. We have some challenge in 2017 in our poultry business in Brazil. But overall, we see also projections for livestock International as a positive for 2018. And again, so -- we may see some quarterly fluctuations in some of the markets. But these are not indicative of the fundamentals of the markets, that should be a rise on a longer period of time. And we don't see any significant or any headwind in terms of the projections for 2018 in international markets for livestock. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: And when we are talking about the total portfolio, so we include products looks like rapid test and diagnostics or, in the future, equipments. So that's why we see the advantage of integrating a larger portfolio and offer this portfolio to our customers. 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, thank you very much for joining us. And thank you for your questions and looking forward to have another discussion for the first quarter of 2018. Thank you very much. 
Glenn David: So in terms of measuring the productivity for R&D, a, as we prioritize the projects across the portfolio, we use [ EMPV ] and EROI to make sure that we're appropriately prioritizing across the portfolio. We'll also look retrospectively from a return on invested capital perspective to see the return that we get from our investments. And based on the productivity we've had over the last number of years, we've been very pleased with our return on our R&D spend. 
Glenn David: Yes. In terms of the growth that we expect for 2018, I'm not going to give specific numbers, obviously, between livestock and companion. But I think when you look at 2017 for the full year, we had 5% growth in livestock and 14% growth in companion, so there was a big differential in the growth. As we move into 2018, with a very strong performance that we had in our companion animal portfolio in 2017, we've established a new base to grow off of, particularly in our derm portfolio as well as Simparica. So while we still expect those products to grow in 2018, the overall contribution that we'll have for the total companion animal growth will be smaller just as they're off of a much larger base. So that's going to cause our companion animal growth to decelerate as we move into 2018. 
Glenn David: Yes. Mike, in terms of the gross margin, when you look at the 2018 guidance of approximately 32%, that's more in line with the second half of 2017, which is more reflective of our underlying cost structure as we've discussed on some of the previous calls. In terms of the 200-basis-point improvement by 2020, we remain committed to that improvement. And as we've said all along, that improvement is driven by the supply network strategy efforts, to the extent that there's additional opportunity based on price, based on volume, based on mix, which can grow on either direction, that can either have an incremental impact or an incremental improvement over the margin over that time or take away a little bit. But the 200 basis points was always based on the supply network strategy, and to the extent that we have favorable movement in price and mix, that would add additional margin improvement. 
Glenn David: In terms of companion animals in 2017, obviously, a lot of the growth was driven by our new products, and we had new products in a number of categories. So the ones that get the most attention, obviously, are Apoquel and Cytopoint and Simparica. But we also have significant growth coming from our vaccines as well. And these products were the focus of our field force in 2017. In terms of the rest of the portfolio, what you then called the in-line portfolio, performance in those categories was relatively flat as we did experience some pressures from generic competition in line with what our expectations would have been, particularly in the U.S. And that was offset by some strong performance, though, in our emerging markets that continue to grow as increasing medicalization rates in markets, such as China and Brazil continue to benefit us. So overall, relatively flat performance of our in-line portfolio, but a really strong performance from our new products as that was the focus of our field force with the tremendous products that we had to launch and continue growth in. 
Glenn David: Jon, in terms of the OpEx improvement that we experienced in '17 versus what the expectation may be for 2018, it was really the latter of your comments. 2017, we continued to benefit from the remainder of our operational efficiency initiative and we were able to grow revenue significantly faster than OpEx in 2017. Now as we move into 2018, we still expect to grow revenue faster than OpEx but not to the same magnitude as we don't have the same level of improvement coming from our operational efficiency initiative. The other thing I'll point out for 2018 is there are investments that we're making in SG&A to support the continued development of our diagnostic portfolio and to make sure that we have the right commercial support behind those products as they become ready for launch. 
Glenn David: In terms of our free cash flow and the cash flow that we expect for 2018. So our operating cash flow, we expect to grow pretty much in line with our growth in adjusted net income. As I also mentioned in my prepared remarks, with the increased expenditures we have for CapEx, free cash flow will grow slightly lower than what we expect to grow for operating cash flow. 
Glenn David: In terms of the tax rate. As you mentioned, for 2018, we've guided to 21% to 22%. We haven't provided guidance for beyond 2018. There are additional cost of that kicking beyond 2018 for us then -- as coming into effect for 2019. We need to fully understand the impact of that. But again, the guidance for 2018, based on current understanding, we're comfortable with the 21% to 22% for 2018. 
Glenn David: In terms of the 2018 quarterly production, as you mentioned, we don't give 2018 guidance by quarter. But just a couple of things to think about. And we do expect more balanced growth in 2018 than we saw in 2017 and a more steady performance in terms of cost of goods as a percent of revenue than we saw in 2017, in particular. The other thing I'll point out is, we are moving from a 4-4-5 accounting calendar to a month-end accounting calendar, and that will have some small impact per quarter. The greatest impact that you'll see will probably be in Q4, where it could negatively impact our growth in Q4 2018 by almost 2%. So those are the only things that I would point out. 
Glenn David: Yes. So in terms of U.S. companion animal growth for 2017. For the full year, we had 13% operational growth in U.S. companion animal. In the quarter, we had 15% growth. So we saw another continued quarter of very strong growth in U.S. companion animals. So not necessarily tempered growth for Q4. In terms of our dividend policy. We generally grow our dividend at or pace faster than our growth in adjusted net income. And that is our commitment moving forward is that we'll continue to grow our dividend at or faster than income and have a focus on dividend growth. We're also focused on share repurchase as another way to return excess capital to our shareholders. And we currently prefer share repurchase as a -- gives us a little more flexibility to manage the other priorities we have for capital allocation, being our internal investments as well as business development. 
Glenn David: So -- this is Glenn. We do think there are definitely opportunities to leverage our portfolio and in many of our markets, we have programs that do provide additional incentives with the more products that you buy from Zoetis. So we're definitely able to leverage the scale that we have with Apoquel, with Cytopoint, with Simparica with many other vaccines to provide additional discounts for buying our total portfolio versus just buying one of our individual products. 
