Juan Ramón Alaix: Alex, it's Juan Ramón Alaix. So let me start confirming that for APOQUEL, we expect that to normalize supply next year in April. And at that time, I will be able to supply more product to new customers. On the first question, on the PEDv, so we have a program now that we expect to complete soon and to submit that to the FDA, a conditional -- license for conditional approval. And there is one vaccine already in the market covering this disease. And we expect that our vaccine also will cover the needs of swine producers to protect animals against this outbreak and its high significant impact on their herds.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Mark, on the first question on M&A, so in 2013, that it was the first year of Zoetis as an independent company. We were focused on standing up our operations and then, we decided that maybe it was not the right time for us to consider on M&A activity. We are now that -- we have, in most of the cases, completed our infrastructure, with the exception of IT. We think that we can now consider M&A opportunity that the market brings to us. And we'll be active pursuing these opportunities. We know that because of our size and our market share, we may face some challenge in terms of antitrust. This will incorporate it in our analysis, but definitely, we will consider any opportunity that will match our strategic objective, and also will provide the return on the investment.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So in terms of M&A, also, this tax inversion opportunity, we will continue to exploring any opportunity that will provide reduction in terms of effective tax rate, something that definitely we will see the opportunities the market -- that exist in the market. And we will decide based on these opportunities. On the gross margin, I will ask Glenn to respond to your question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: On the performance on livestock, definitely on the second quarter, we reported very strong growth. We see that the demand for animal proteins remained very strong in the worldwide market. We also see that the profitability of livestock producers -- it's now very high. They have high price of the meat, low prices for input, which increases significantly the profitability. And this is also driving the willingness of livestock producers to increase the herd, to supply all the market demand. We don't see any change in the near future, so we expect that the livestock market will continue growing in the future. In terms of our direct sales model, so we are convinced that the demand generation model that we have, which means that our own field force and also our own group of veterinarians are interacting directly with customers. And this interaction is generating very strong demand and very strong support to our portfolio. In the U.S., we combined our direct efforts with partnership with distributors, for those customers that we don't have the reach because of economical conditions. And we see that this model is working very well, and we'll continue supporting our product portfolio through this direct interaction, and also with the combination and partnership with some of our distributors that will reach these smaller customers.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay, the other question was about these biopharma companies and potential partnerships. Well, I think it's -- we have already the infrastructure, also the reach to customers. And we have developed, over time, a very strong model in terms of direct sales to customers. And we are convinced that this model also can benefit smaller companies that will have maybe problems that will be covering and managing [ph] the market, but without the infrastructure to reach customers. So we will consider this kind of partnership with these companies.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, our parasiticide franchise in companion animal didn't decline in the quarter, but the growth was affected by the entrance of new competitors. There have been 2 new competitors launching new parasiticides, oral parasiticides, and we have seen that the market dynamics in parasiticides are changing, and moving from the traditional parasiticides that there were topical to more attention to oral parasiticides. We also have programs in this area and we expect to launch these products, oral parasiticides for companion animals, in the future.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Maybe a comment on the competition in the U.S. and also details on the promotional activities that we conducted in the second quarter. Definitely, as I said during my remarks and also the remarks of Glenn, we have seen introduction of new parasiticides, also introduction of new vaccines and the introduction of generic competition to a product which is important in our portfolio, which is RIMADYL. And in terms of the additional investment in promotional activities in the quarter, I think it's only a question of pacing. If you take year-to-date, you would see that the investment in the year has been in line with our projections of growing promotional activities below the growth in terms of revenues.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So in terms of the regulatory requirements for conditional approval for a vaccine, so we need to demonstrate safety of the vaccine and also efficacy in certain conditions. And the requirements for efficacy for a conditional license are lower than the efficacy requirements for a full license. In terms of the selling opportunities of a vaccine under conditional approval, I think it's something that, since the vaccine, in this case, will be responding to a real market need, we don't see that this will create any limitations. There will be some limitations in terms of promotional activities, but not limitations in terms of selling the product to the market.
Juan Ramón Alaix: The follow-up question on PEDv, so definitely, ENGAIN, it's helping producers to have a more efficiency in terms of food. So they are reaching feed efficiencies because of this product. This product is also a product that already exists in the market, it's ractopamine. And we think that the product that are released [ph] in the market, together with ENGAIN, is helping the producers to achieve the targeted weight, with lowered cost in terms of food.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So we remain committed to diagnostics. We see diagnostics as very complementary to our current business, in both R&D and also commercial. And we are trying to build our portfolio in terms of diagnostics. And the change on IDEXX in terms of direct model, it's something that we will not comment on the strategy of our competitors, but definitely, we'll explore any opportunity that will further penetrate our diagnostic depth into the market.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So we're working on the details of the agenda that we will communicate to you in the near future. So one of the objectives that we have during this day is to provide much more details on our strategy. Also have the opportunity to provide this information in terms of commercial, in terms of manufacturing, in terms of R&D, from members of my leadership team, that will go into some detail that may have not been provided until now. And in terms of the outlook, we are considering what should be the details that we will provide in terms of the outlook, and we are still considering different timeframes that will be information that we'll be sharing with you at that time. The other objective is also to go into some additional details on the animal healthcare market, to have much more clarity in terms of projections of the market and also the opportunities for both livestock and companion animals.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well with that, thank you very much for joining us today. Thank you very much for your interest in Zoetis, and we -- I look forward for more interactions with you. I definitely hope to see you at our Investor Day in November 18. Thank you very much.
Glenn David: Mark, related to your question on dividends. So today, we have increased our dividend. And subject to board approval, we do expect to grow the dividend at a rate that is equal to or faster than our growth in adjusted net income.
Glenn David: So in terms of gross margin for 2015 and specifically to the impact of the Pfizer MSA. So when we looked at the potential impact of the Pfizer MSA, that it might have in 2015. Based on 2013 costs and volumes, we expected it to have about a $30 million negative impact on cost of goods going into 2015. We've taken a lot of actions to minimize that impact, and those actions have resulted in reducing that exposure by about 1/2. However, since then, a number of those products, APOQUEL being one of them, have had growth in volume. So it will limit our ability to bring the $30 million down fully, but we have taken many actions to minimize the impact.
Glenn David: So this is Glenn. I'll address the SG&A question. In terms of the SG&A leverage, so the way we think about this is, in 2014 in particular, we have indicated that we do have incremental expenses related to building up our corporate functions, and that is increasing the level of growth we expect in SG&A this year. However, over the long term, we do expect to grow SG&A in line with inflation, while being able to grow our revenue at a pace faster than the market, which will continue to improve our margins going forward.
Glenn David: Sure. So in terms of the SG&A and items that might be considered one-time in nature, I think the key item is what we've been highlighting in terms of the buildup of our corporate enabling functions and the timing of which that ramped up and when those costs were most debited in the P&L. So in 2013, in the first half of the year, we were not running at our full cost base for our enabling functions and that corrected in the second half, and that's driving the difficulty in comparison year-over-year. Some of the areas that you have seen have significant improvement though year-over-year, I think when you look at the growth in our regions and our segments, you've seen very strong IBT growth or income growth in those regions, demonstrating continued focus on managing -- or on our expenses.
Glenn David: In terms of where we see continued improvement. So R&D, I think, is one item that you've highlighted. We've seen growth in R&D that's been sort of in the low-single digits, while we still continue to be very effective with our R&D productivity. From an SG&A perspective, as well as a cost of goods perspective, we do continue to see areas for improvement. So as I mentioned, SG&A, we do expect to grow in line with inflation. And cost of goods, we're clearly focused on continuing to find areas to improve our cost of goods and expect incremental improvements in COGS going forward.
Glenn David: And in terms of the tax rates. So the tax rate was lower in the quarter at 28.4%. We have reaffirmed our guidance of approximately 29% for the year, and we still believe the full year is the best view of our overall tax rate. And just to emphasize it, that does not include the R&D tax credit, which would lower our rate by approximately 50 basis points.
