Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Derik. And I will take the first question, and then Glenn will answer the question on the gross margin. So, Nexvet, we completed the acquisition last week, on Monday last week. Our team, R&D team, it's now interacting with the R&D team of Nexvet, getting a getting full understanding of all the programs. When we have completed this analysis, then we will define when we expect to launch the product for both dogs and cats in both the U.S. and the European end markets. So it's a little bit too early now. But, again, so one thing that we need to remember is that we are in a market in where our competitors are not providing any detail in terms of R&D products, and providing too many details, and especially in an area that we think that can be also of high interest, will have a negative impact in our programs and maybe in the opportunity to generate future revenue growth.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, John. Well, we mentioned that we have been working on our vaccine portfolio in both U.S. and international markets. We have seen good growth in international markets, but in the U.S. despite of – our portfolio now being much more competitive, we have not yet gained share as we expected. We remain confident that we have now a very strong portfolio. And very important, we also have products in our pipeline that will be reaching the market in 2018 that will bring this segment also to growth in the U.S. In the second half in the U.S. – that is also a question that you raised, I think – we'll be improving, but probably not improving as fast as we expected initially. On the other hand, in international, we expect continued growth and positive evolution of our portfolio in swine. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jon. And – well, the PHARMAQ was the main driver of our light performance in the quarter. SRS vaccine, that – it was a significant growth driver, and it's a vaccine for salmon in Chile – it's still showing significant result in terms efficacy and safety, and it's helping fish farmers in Chile to reduce their use of antibiotics. In the second quarter, we saw a reduction of the use of the vaccine, mainly because of pricing discussions. At the end of quarter, we reached price agreement with fish customers in Chile, and we have seen already in the first two months of the third quarter, the vaccine showing very good revenues and very good growth. We remain very confident that this segment will deliver long-term growth. In the quarter, as I mentioned in my comments, we expect double-digit growth, but you mentioned the $125 million will be below this amount. But, nevertheless, we expect that in the future years, the correction will be in line with our expectations.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay, thank you, Erin. We'll mention the comments on manufacturing initiative. So, first, we are – the manufacturing is always a continuous work in design opportunities for being more efficient. Reducing cost, it's a priority, but it's not the only priority that we have in design and manufacturing. We also want to make sure that we are improving the cost, at the same time ensuring that we have reliable supply. And at the same time that we are also working on reliable supply that we'll reduce our inventory levels. So this is something that is a target for the company. We identified a target for 2017, and we'll continue targeting inventory improvements over time. In terms of the initiatives that we already communicated is the 200 basis points by 2020. And you're asking if we can accelerate that. I think it's something that – we always try to do things as fast as we can, but at this point, what we are really targeting is to ensure that, by 2020, we generate these 200 basis points. And we also need to understand that, in some cases, these savings as a result of transferring the products from one plant to another plant or different plants, is something that it takes time, because it's a complex process to move products from different plants, and we need to make sure that when the product is in the final destination, it really delivers in terms of cost and also in terms of supply to the market. We also expect that, because of all the product rationalization, all the manufacturing plant rationalization, also we have opportunity for impact in terms of volumes and improving our allocation of overheads. In terms of cash flow and the priorities for our cash, we remain committed to invest internally, investing in commercial, and we have examples this year to invest in DTC campaigns to support new product launches. We also continue committed to bring innovation to the market internally with our R&D expertise and capabilities, and we see opportunities also for further expansion of some of the areas in where we think that we can improve our operations in terms of manufacturing, with special attention on ensuring that we have the right capabilities and capacity for vaccines in developed and also in emerging markets that also will be equally important. And we also mentioned that we, as a second priority, it's identified opportunities that will complement our internal efforts and will support further revenue growth and further profitability. And it's something that we are committed to identify these opportunities and bring these opportunities – to keep these opportunities – can bring values to our operations. And finally, you also asked in terms of Nexvet guidance. At this point, we are not yet providing any guidance in terms of Nexvet. It's too early. So we need first to have full control of all the programs that Nexvet has been – developed. We have access to some of these programs, but now that our R&D colleagues are really working together with Nexvet R&D colleagues, then we'll have a full understanding of the opportunity. So, Glenn will add some comments.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much for joining us today. And we mentioned during the call, we are very pleased with the results. We are also very confident on the guidance for 2017. And, as I mentioned, companion animals will continue driving growth. But we see also positive growth in terms of livestock. We expect in the second half also maintaining the differential of growth that we have seen with the companion animal and livestock in the first half. With that, thank you very much for joining, and looking forward for meeting you again in the third quarter earnings call.
