Kristin Peck: Thank you, Juan Ramon. I'm honored to be named the next CEO of Zoetis and I look forward to leading our Company into its next phase of industry leadership and value creation. I want to thank Juan Ramon for establishing Zoetis as the world's leading animal health company. I have deep respect for Juan Ramon and its track record of creating value for our customers and for delivering strong returns for our shareholders. His innovative mindset has kept Zoetis at the forefront of the industry and Juan Ramon confidence in our Company's solid foundation and prospects for continued growth. So when it has a diverse and innovative portfolio, deep expertise in animal health and a winning culture shared by our talented colleagues around the world. We know how to partner with our customers to address their evolving needs across the continuum of care from prediction and prevention to detection and the treatment of disease. We have a promising pipeline of new products and lifecycle innovations and we are focused on making investments in digital technology, data and analytics that will fuel our future growth. As CEO, I will continue to drive forward with our successful long-term strategy. I will look for opportunities to accelerate our progress in the most meaningful areas for our veterinary and producer customers and I'm committed to building on the strategies, diverse portfolio and financial discipline that have been critical to our success. To that end, I've been working with Juan Ramon, Glenn and the rest of the Zoetis team as well as the Board over the last few weeks to ensure a seamless transition. As we look ahead, I continue to view animal health as a very valuable sector for investors. With steady growth prospects as the fundamental macroeconomic drivers of global population growth of innovation and a growing middle class in emerging markets, we'll drive growth in both companion animal and livestock. The long-term history of animal health and Zoetis is the testament to the resiliency of our business. The drivers in pet care and animal agriculture are fundamental to the world economy. And Core to people's connections with animals for both companionship and nutrition. I'm excited by the new opportunities for raising the standard of care with innovative new medicines, biologics and integrations across the continuum of care. As I prepare for my new role, a key priority for me has been directly connecting with our stakeholders around the world to better understand their perspective and how we can build on our Company's success. I look forward to engaging with many of you as part of this process and sharing more on our outlook for the market and plans for 2020 early next year. And now Glenn will cover the financials.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks so much Louise. I'm going to be focused on really continuing the strong path of value creation. If you look at the strategy that we've had over which I feel actually is delivered significant results both for our customers and for our shareholders. It is been a dynamic strategy that has always been predicated on continuous innovation and disruption which I think is really would have helped us stand out. It's also been characterized by a great diversity of our portfolio and my goal is to maintain that strong momentum to stay ahead of competitors. I think if I look into 2020 and 2021 and beyond, I'm really going to be focused on innovation, making sure we continue to bring to market products that really solve both our customers and animals’ challenges. I will continue to relentless focus on our customer making sure that we're finding ways to make their job easier to do and to make them more productive. And I'll be looking for better leverage our digital and data both to make us more efficiently internally as well as to drive better productivity and greater growth in some of our data and digital revenue products both in diagnostics and precision livestock farming. So that will be my focus as we look into 2020 and some of the sources of where I think you'll see our continued growth.
Kristin Peck: Sure, so starting with Trio. We do not expect to be launching ahead of ZeoMAX and Western vet but we do expect to be launching ahead, a very important Q2, Q3 parasiticides season. So I think we will not be there but I do think if you look at the $150 million to your point, we still expect to deliver a very strong year there. We do expect to get puppy claim that is part of the assumptions that is in there that's obviously subject to back to approval but that is our going in assumption as we look at that. So as I move towards the reference lab, we continue to believe that diagnostics is an important part of our go-forward portfolio. It is critical to that and as a part of their business that will stay there, we think it enhances as Zoetis is currently value proposition and is a great complement to our existing portfolio, it's a large and very fast growing market. As the market has been growing at 10% plus, we strongly believe that we can accommodate a third player. We've also known the customers that we're looking for a third-party alternative and if you look and different MSAs shares of third-parties have actually been significant as our acquisition of Phoenix demonstrates, they had over 50% share in the MSA they operated in. Our plan in this space is to invest both organically and inorganically over the next few years and we remain committed to the space.
Kristin Peck: Sure. As you saw our numbers both dairy and beef in the U.S. continue to be weak. As we said in previous conversations in previous quarters, we expect this to continue for the rest of the year. From a dairy perspective and we've seen depressed milk prices versus historical trends which has limited producer profitability income and in the last few months there has been a small improvement in pricing but it's not yet sustained enough we believe for producers to believe recovery M&A and to start investing significantly. On the beef side, we're at the end of what's been a very long expansion period. So we are expecting a little bit of contraction or flattening out over the medium term. As you look at beef, there has also been a lack of innovation that has driven significant pricing and competitive pressures. We had a wet spring which had good past through this year which is kept cattle out longer and as you've seen there's been a significant increase in some of those prices and live cattle prices, which has encouraged them to wait of their animals were heavier and older to put them in the feedlot. So as we look at U.S. cattle, I think we'll continue to see challenges of there as we look into next year. And as we look at ASF as we've spoken about previously, we believe with China specifically, we see about a $50 million impact across the Zoetis primarily based out of China. As we look into next year, we are hoping for that to stabilize and we are hoping to see some recovery moderate but obviously that remains to be seen based on how that goes. But we do see offsets were the Chinese swine. We are expecting imports from EU, Brazil and the U.S. both in swine as well as across other proteins to help compensate that we've seen significant price increases in pork globally. We see Brazil and EU probably best positioned to take some of this, but I think overall, it seems certainly enough in the U.S., the U.S. will also go after trying to get a greater share of. So we remain quite committed but I think what we believe that the impact of ASF should flatten out as we look into next year. So hopefully that explains.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I would certainly. If you look at our portfolio is the contrast of other is the majority of what we sell requires a prescription. So our goal is to work with vet to make our product available to pet owners in a way that works best for them. And what we've seen is in the areas such as parasiticides and chronic medications, many pet owners have looked more to buy their products from e-commerce and retail and as such we've evolved our own strategy to work more directly with e-commerce and retail. We implemented as we discussed on previous calls the minimum advertised price or Matt pricing which is an agreement with all e-commerce and retailers to ensure that they cannot advertise our products beyond a certain price. This has allowed us to legitimately sell our product, eliminate some of the great market and provide veterinarians and pet owners the convenience to fill their prescriptions where and how they want. This I think is an evolving thing so just to give you context still 50% of what we sell we'll have to remain no matter what in the clinic. It's definitely expanding quickly but still on a relative basis is still a small part of our business today, but something we're monitoring closely and we're making sure that we continue to develop and enhance our capabilities to best serve this new channel as we move forward.
Kristin Peck: Sure. If you look at, U.S. tick average, very significant tick coverage across the United States. There are different ticks. In the South, you might see more of a Gulf Coast tick which is actually a very difficult tick to treat [indiscernible] tick in the North. So we do believe that most pets in the United States needs a comprehensive tick protection. There may be some geography where there's not a lot but I think there may varies a tick but insect protection is critical we move across the U.S. As we think about our livestock population opportunity, as you saw in the press release, we are quite focused on driving innovation across livestock. We announced a partnership with Colorado State. So look at antibiotic alternative to the livestock space. We're also really focused on immuno therapies in livestock as alternatives to antibiotics and are excited about some projects there as well. We're also looking at precision livestock farming can make producers more productive and to better predict animal looking sick. We are also excited in the area of genetics where we can breed healthier animals that are also more productive. And as we've talked about in previous calls looking through diagnostics to bring more shoot side farm side diagnostics across that.
Kristin Peck: Sure. When we announced back since there, we talked a lot about the fact that we think we can continue to operate the business in the U.S. much better and drive more efficiencies and drive growth but acknowledged that the competition in the U.S. is a little steeper. As we look into international, we strongly believe in international, there are significant growth opportunities. It's more of a blue ocean with a much more fragmented base. The use of diagnostics also varies dramatically by market. We're very focused on and building our own direct demand generation field force which is really being lacking across most companies, the operator international we looked at 2019, as we've talked about for Abaxis as a platform year to really establish ourselves there and we plan to move to direct distribution from some of our existing distributors across most markets as we look into 2020. So we do think there is a significant opportunity in Abaxis to reach us by a similar if not higher share than we have in the U.S. just given it is a less mature market with much more fragmentation but it will require a market by market approach.
Kristin Peck: Sure, on you second question. We've seen as increases over the last few years and the spend per pet, I think a lot of that has to do with the demographic shifts in developed markets where people are having fewer children, spending more time with their pets, Millennials in particular are much more engaged with their pets. And we've spoken about the increase in pet spending start when they move from the backyard to your house and then ultimately to your bed. So we don't see any end in this market. It's been a very resilient business even in times of economic challenges people have continue to spend on their pets. So we don't see right now any indicators that that spending per pet will be going down. So I think it remains a strong market as we look to the future and if you look at the urbanization and the emerging middle class and emerging market, we see significant growth there as you add more markets that keep more pets and medicalized like that.
Kristin Peck: Sure. If you look at repopulation I mean essentially in China and some of these other geographies will repopulate. We believe when they do more move more to industrialized production and more away from the small backyard farms. We think that does play to the strength of innovative companies like Zoetis so we do see the future of African Swine Fever as it goes down meeting, more technologically based production which we think it will be an increase for us and certainly if we're able to create a vaccine for African Swine Fever that will be even more in picture.
Glenn David: So in terms of the breakout between U.S. international like we've set all along, we expect the majority of the sales for this product to be in the U.S. I really want to go into details on price from a competitive perspective at this point but like we said we do expect it to be priced significant premium to Simparica and the cannibalization impact obviously there'll be some cannibalization to Simparica but we also expect to take significant share from competition.
Glenn David: And in terms of the pushes and pulls for 2020, starting with the revenue line, where we continue to see good momentum in our companion animal business and particularly with the expected launch of Simparica Trio subject to approval, we expect to see very strong performance there as well as the continued growth in some of the new products that we launched this year such as ProHeart 12 and Revolution Plus. Also, when you take into account the impact of African Swine Fever that we had this year, we would expect that to stabilize this year and not to be a negative detractor to growth in 2020 so that should benefit us as well. When we look at the expenses, obviously there'll be some investments to support our new product launches. We want to make sure that we get those products off to a strong start and also some investments to support the recent acquisitions that we have in place. So overall, we would expect revenue to grow faster than the market again in 2020 and we would expect that we able to grow our income faster than revenue.
Glenn David: So when you look at Apoquel and CYTOPOINT particularly in the U.S., we see that we are plus 60% share in that market. The data internationally is not as clear in terms of, we don't get the same level of data but we know we're not at that penetration rate. Also we've launched Cytopoint later international than we do in the U.S. so we do think we have continued uptake there. So we do see significant opportunities in international if you continue to gain share as we move up to similar levels that we have in the U.S. We also see continued opportunities in the U.S. as we continue to expand that market and raise disease awareness of dermatology and atopic dermatitis. So we see continued opportunity in the U.S. as well. In terms of $150 million revenue for Simparica Trio, I want to be clear that is incremental sales overall what we see for Simparica alone and that does include the cannibalization effect. So we would expect greater sales of Trio then $150 million as a stand-alone product.
Glenn David: Yes, so John your thoughts on gross margin. When you look into 2020 there should definitely be a favorable mix impact as we would still expect companion animal to grow faster than livestock in 2020. Just one thing to note on that Trio being the first year of product launch will not be as favorable to gross margin as the rest of the companion animal portfolio we typically be. Over time we do expect that product to have very favorable margin. But with the first year of launch there is always learnings and efficiencies that will be delivered over time. The other thing to take into account is that FX had a very positive impact in 2019 our overall gross margin. We would not expect it to be positive in 2019 probably be somewhat of a detractor in 2012.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Glenn will provide some data related to the penetration range and also details of the 150, how much is [indiscernible] revenues.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Okay, so let's me provide some comments on the market size for cat and local antibodies. So first, there is no any specific product today in the market developed specifically for cat. We know that the number of cats, it's lower than the number of dogs and even more the number of medicalized cats it's even lower than the number of medicalized dogs in the U.S. and also worldwide. If I compare the market of dogs in terms of managing their pain it's about $400 million to $500 million worldwide. So with the comments I made in terms of medicalization rates and the number of cats, you should expect that the market potential for cat in pain is lower than these $400 million to $500 million. But the advantage is that we will be entering into a space that there is no any clear product addressing that pain in dogs and that we think that we can generate a significant growth opportunity in these areas. Then how big is the African Swine Fever market? Well, I don't know if the question is related of how much has been the impact on the African Swine Fever and the vaccine. Well, I think it's something that it is reaching because definitely we see a significant opportunity in China, developing this vaccine but also not only in China that we have already the disease but also, they need to protect African Swine Fever in other markets. We are convinced that this can be one of the top vaccine products worldwide, more than FMB or even more than PCV2. So the opportunity for developing a vaccine in this area is significant.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you very much for the two questions. So let me answer the duration of therapy. One thing is that what should be the duration of therapy that we believe that it should be in many of the markets are 12 months. And what is the actual duration of therapy that is probably three or less month. So a significant opportunity in terms of compliance and we may see some high season for ticks and fleas depending on the warmer weather but they need to protect animals goes going across the year and definitely in the case of a high warm, it's a 12-month the need of protecting against these type of disease. And I like Kristin to talk about our budgeted rate expansion plans both U.S. and international.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Let me make some comments about the process of approval in the U.S. There is something which is part of the normal process of questions and answers. We get there some additional requests for information from FDA, not related to safety or efficacy and we already answered these questions and now we are waiting for the feedback and we expect the final decision on Simparica Trio by late first quarter next year. But there is something that is part of a regulatory discussion with many of the regulatory authorities across the globe. We said before that we were expecting approval and launch in the first quarter. We have already obtained approval in Europe and Canada and we have the first quarter in these markets. And we'll be ready for launching shortly after approval in the U.S. And as I said, we are already taking the steps to have ample supply to meet the market needs in the 2020 always base with the assumption that we provided that today of these 150 additional revenues in Simparica sale. And then you also ask about approval time in China. These unfortunately something that at this point, it's difficult to answer. We are preparing the filing in China and then after the filing probably we will get a little bit more clarity on the timing and we expect that to launching in this market. So first we intend to launch Simparica as a single item in China and then also CYTOPOINT that is another important product that we plan also to launch in China and then later we'll be launching Simparica Trio. So even if it will take maybe some years, we have products that are coming into the market in China that will generate very positive growth momentum in this market. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you for the question. So let me start with answering the question about the monoclonal antibody for dogs. So we have multiple programs in our R&D activity. The product that we are now planning to launch it's an internal product for dogs. The one that we are planning to launch for cat is coming from Nexvet. You also asked about the decline in the quarter related to fish. We have been growing very fast in previous years in fish. This year we had some challenge related to the PD vaccine in Norway. We expect that it is a temporary adjustment and we expect fish to continue growing faster than the overall animal health market. The long-term opportunities in fish is related to adding new vaccines to protect all species different than salmon. Today, we have most of our revenues concentrated in salmon in Norway and Chile. But we expect to continue developing new vaccines to protect animals different than the salmon and to review the use of antibiotic which is today the only treatment or the only protection against infections for species like the gases or tilapia or other fish. Definitely, we continue investing in fish and we are confident that fish will be a growing opportunity in the future. Next question please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you very much and since this will be my last earnings call, I want to thank you all of you for the support you have given to me and Zoetis over the last seven years. It has been an amazing journey and I'm very proud of the value that we have been created. I know that you will enjoy the same ongoing commitment to our valuable provision from Kristin, Glenn and the rest of our leadership team and the data as I think into the next phase of growth. In closing, I remain confident in a brighter future of Zoetis. This company and its people have the capabilities, experience and customer focus to continue delivering a world-class for our customers and our shareholders. Thank you very much.
