Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. So Chris, it's Juan Ramón and I will answer the question on U.S. companion animal dynamics. So there are different factors driving the market in the U.S. in companion animal. The introduction of new products, mainly in parasiticides. The market is moving more to oral parasiticides compared to the previous, more topical ones with the introduction of 2 main competitors in this market. And we are participating in the market in the topical, but not on the oral. The other change that we have seen is that the introduction of new vaccines in the U.S. that also they are impacting our performance. And finally, in the pain market in where we participate with RIMADYL a very strong brand, there are also new factors affecting our performance. One, it's a competitor that was out of the market in 2012. It was back in '13 and now it's full revenues and also made it part of the shares that we gained when this competitor was not participating in this market. It's now back to the more normal situation. And also, the introduction of generic competition for RIMADYL on the chewable formulation, although this have not been representing a significant impact so far. Now, I will ask Paul to answer your question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Kevin. And I will answer the questions on Sentinel and oral parasiticides. Well, definitely as a leader in this industry, we see any transaction or any potential transaction in the market and also we are active assessing any opportunity. And definitely, Sentinel was an opportunity that we explored. And what -- as you see, we decided not to participate in this transaction. And we talked about what our programs or plan on oral parasiticides. Definitely, we see oral parasiticides an important part of preventing animals, dogs and cats against ticks and fleas and also heartworm. And we -- I would like to postpone the details of my answer to the Investor Day in -- when we have the opportunity to provide, to investors and to analysts, a more comprehensive view of our R&D approach and also some of the areas in where we are investing.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jami. And we see -- we continue seeing opportunities of applying price increases across all geographies in where we operate. Definitely in 2014, we had been increasing prices in the U.S., also in Europe, in Canada, Latin America and Asia Pacific. We also apply quite an aggressive approach in some markets with high inflation rates, and this is something that we have seeing a positive impact in our revenues also because of these price [indiscernible]. In terms of the expansion of gross margin, definitely, we'll have the opportunity to cover that in our Investor Day and we'll provide more details on what can be our objective for the future. And maybe I would like to delay this -- well, the details until this Investor Day. And maybe -- and the last comment on the channel loading. So we're not loading the channel and this is something that -- the vaccine launches will be next year. And normally, we apply a very strict procedures to avoid -- that we are increasing inventory that is not needed to meet customer demands.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And I think it's -- we cannot really respond on other company's strategy. We think we have a solid business that we can provide significant value to our shareholders. We are showing that we are meeting our objective in terms of revenues, in terms of adjusted net income and we are also, very important, growing faster than the market. So all this, in my opinion, is showing that this company is well managed. We also have a significant generation of cash over time, and then this will be additional opportunity for investors.
Juan Ramón Alaix: I would take this question and let me say that in oncology, Zoetis was the first company launching a product that was fully developed to treat cancer for dogs. And this product was Palladia that we launched 2 or 3 years ago. So within that oncology, it's important in companion animal. It's, today, in many cases, veterinarians are still using products developed for human to treat cancer in dogs or cats. But we think that in the future, maybe there will be new products that will be better targeted for treating these kind of diseases in companion animal. And definitely, we will be assessing these opportunity and considering the internal or external opportunities to complement our portfolio. In terms of bios, I think it has been a key area for Zoetis. We have a very strong portfolio in both companion animal and livestock and we'll continue investing in bringing new products to our portfolio and also to strengthening our offer to our customers. And then finally on APOQUEL, so in 2014, we have communicated that our revenues will be around 1% of our total revenues and this has been because of the limitations in terms of product supply. Speculating how much will be the sales of APOQUEL with -- under restricted supply probably is not adding too much value. So what I think, in my opinion, it's -- important is that for 2015, we expect to generate more than $100 million in revenues and we expect definitely to generate these revenues, basically on that 9 months of full supply because we expect to have this product available to more customers from April. So you can -- that's why we are now communicating that we expect that this product has the potential of $200 million to $300 million at peak sales.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And I will answer the question on PEDv. And so just to provide a little bit of understanding of the market's potential. So first, this vaccine, it's targeting sows. And then by vaccinating the sows, it's transmitting the immunity to the piglet. So the number of sows in the U.S. is a little bit less of 6 million compared to 100 million of pigs of the total market. You see that the potential is related to the number of animals that will get this vaccine. That will be less than 6 million. The second fact that is also important is that we obtained a conditional license. Under the conditional license, we have some limitations in terms of the promotions. Actually, we can go to the customers and work with them to ensure protection for the sow, but there are some limitations in terms of promotion. What is important here is not the size of the revenues, but the confirmation that our business model is working very well. We have very strong capabilities in terms of R&D. Also, we have very strong capabilities in terms of our manufacturing to produce vaccine in a way that it's going to the market very fast. So in our opinion, we are bringing with this vaccine significant value to our customers, that they are facing a significant challenge with this disease, and we are confirming that Zoetis has all the capabilities that are needed to succeed in this industry.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Dave. And you are correct, it's 2x per year, maybe the first time, it's -- it can be an opportunity of 3 vaccines, but then the following years would be 2x. And the price of the PEDv vaccine, it's $7 -- about $7. The treatment choice, 3.5 each vaccine. In terms of APOQUEL for 2014, so we communicated that will be around 1% of our revenue. Our revenue, it's $4.5 billion or $4.7 billion. So we expect that we'll be around $40 million in terms of revenues. And this is only limited because of the supply availability. And then talking about the movement of animals and how long this movement will stay? Well, it depends on the price of the grain. So if the price of the grains are low, so the incentive of moving animals and keeping these animals in the feed lot with significant gains in terms of weight, I think, it will be an opportunity for maintaining this current situation. What we saw in 2014 is even the number of animals moving to the feed lot, maybe it will be slightly lower than the 2013 because they are less animals because they are keeping animals. Also to rebuild the herd, they have been moving animals at a younger age, which are lighter, more vulnerable to infections, more needs of vaccinations. And this has been having a positive impact in our revenues. We expect this situation of younger animals move to the feed lots will stay in the future, in 2015, because the price of feeding the animals remains very low and the profitability and the value of these animals is very high.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So let me answer the APOQUEL. So our gross margin, has risen to 65%. And we communicated that companion animal has the highest margins in our total portfolio, followed by cattle, then swine and the lowest is poultry. So even if we have not provided details of each species, you can extrapolate that with the 65% that companion animal, being the highest, it's -- APOQUEL has a good margin. And in terms of how much we need to invest to support these product launches. So what we said is that we have the infrastructure to support the promotional activities of any new products. And maybe in some cases, we need also to support this approach probably some additional advertising and promotion. But in our opinion, in the case of APOQUEL, the reaction of the market has been so positive that we don't think that we'll require any significant additional investment to support the objective that we have set for 2015 and also the long-term objective of $200 million to $300 million peak sales. And then Paul will answer the question on the poison pill.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, we, in my opinion -- thank you, Erin, for the question. I think, in my opinion, we have a very strong portfolio. I believe that, that is the strongest portfolio in the animal health industry. We have always opportunities to fill some gaps, but we don't have a strategic need to really cover areas, which are important for animal health, which are not part of our portfolio. We are very strong in vaccines. We are very strong in parasiticide. We are strong in also other therapeutic areas and definitely we'll be always assessing opportunities to add more products to our portfolio. But because we think that we have the infrastructure and we have the opportunity to achieve synergies in both revenues and also in terms of costs, by adding products or adding assets of our company, but not because we have a strategic need to fill any area where we feel that we are -- or represent a significant gap in our business. And in terms of the livestock growth, definitely it has been very strong growth. Volume has been the most important part of the growth. And price, we also mentioned that the price is in line with the industry. The industry in terms of price is growing around 3% and this is consistent with our growth in terms of price. So all the rest has been volume, so very strong performance in terms of volume. That is also the result of excellent portfolio and also excellent execution from our teams to bring this as well to the market.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So we definitely partner with distributors that are also helping us to reach customers that we are not calling directly to our field force. And this partnership is working very well and I think it's something we are happy with the declaration that we are having with distributors. And we will continue really providing to them the products and also the kind of support that they need also to promote the products to customers that we are not directly targeting through our direct model.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So thank you very much for joining today's call. And I'm looking forward to see you on November 18 in New York at the New York Stock Exchange, in where we'll have the opportunity to go into more details of our business model and also more details on our guidance for 2015 and also for the period of '15, '17. Thank you very much.
Paul S. Herendeen: And I'll pick -- Kevin, pick up from there. It's Paul. Your question was around puts and takes from prior to joining. So I've here, it's almost exactly 60 days, I think. As of today, it's 61 days. When I first looked at the opportunity, I think the thing that attracted me to it was, first looking at the industry, an industry that -- a global industry that grows consistently over time. So solid underlying macro trends. And then you look at the company, Zoetis. Here's the company that's a market leader with a broad portfolio, very durable revenue streams and remember, from my experience at Warner Chilcott, we sort of had the opposite of the durable revenue streams. Everybody was always concerned. And I looked at this and said, "Here's a company that has the opportunity to put consistent, revenue growth on the board by levering its broad portfolio and driving growth of those assets through application of sales force." It's very similar to what I was used to at Warner Chilcott, and also supporting those brands through productive R&D, both in terms of extending product life cycles, in terms of providing fuel to allow the sales forces to grow the overall revenue base and lastly, to add those truly innovative products that give you the opportunity to step up and accelerate your growth. So I look at this as being kind of a similar economic model to the pharma business, but with those important differences of longer duration, revenue streams, less reliance on IP. It's about the brands. Same levers to drive the business that's using your field sales resources, face-to-face with your customers to go out and drive revenue and then lastly, supporting that portfolio through productive investment in R&D. And I'd say that, that was my analysis coming in and 61 days later, I think this is a terrific company. And what I've been most impressed with is the ability of the company to execute consistently and drive revenue that exceeds the overall market growth. It's been quite an interesting couple of months here. And again, the most important thing was we've got a great team here that knows how to drive this business. I'll stop there. I'm sorry, you had a question about inventory in Japan. That was related to the termination of a distributor agreement. It's kind of a normal course. It came to the end and we were called upon to buy back some inventory, and that's what's going on there.
Paul S. Herendeen: Jami, it's Paul. I think you had a question regarding Q4 margin and so I want to make sure I address that because it's an important point. It's an FX impact. Yes, there's FX impact in -- across all of our line items through our P&L. However, it's -- the main reason for the expected increase in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue in Q4 is related to the timing of increased headquarters cost, which are flowing through our cost of goods sold in the second half of 2014. And I wasn't here when the folks articulated that, but I think that they provided some guidance that you should expect the cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue to rise as the year went on. But that the guidance range, which is -- well, actually the guidance level, which is I think the important statistic is, we do expect to be in line with our guidance for the full year, which was 35.5%. I think broadly, looking ahead without providing guidance, I think we have the opportunity to absorb those increased HQ costs in 2015 and beyond without having it have a deleterious effect on our margin.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure, and it's Paul. First, the primary task that remains to be completed is the completion of the implementation of a global ERP system, where we're installing SAP. It's very important to us to have that backbone for our company to support our decision-making and the management of our business on a global basis, number one. It's also important to us because it's important that we stand on our own away from Pfizer. So that is a top priority for me now. And that it's not just the implementation, it's also the build-out of the team. We call it Business Technology, so BT, but obviously the more familiar IT acronym. We're continuing to build out that function here in headquarters to support our business. And so that is the primary area where we continue to have some work to stand alone, away and apart from Pfizer. Second, with respect to the manufacturing headwind, I mean, you'll recall that we have an agreement with -- a supply agreement with Pfizer, which has some increases in cost that we need to absorb. I think we're doing a good job of wringing efficiencies out of our manufacturing process that have enabled us to offset a solid part of those increases that are in that contract. We're not going to provide guidance today on what it looks like into 2015, but I'll just give you the factoids that you should keep in your head: We have the opportunity to pull the price lever; we have the opportunity to manage our global supply chain and drive better efficiency; and there's always a favorable mix to the extent that our higher-margin product lines provide more of our overall revenue base. So I would say, yes, we're always facing headwinds -- or we are facing some headwinds looking into '15, but those are challenges that we have a solid opportunity to overcome.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sorry, it's Paul. I just do want to follow up. The one thing that I didn't say in my remarks about Q4 is also take a look at the quarter you're comparing to back in 2013. Our Q4 was quite strong. If you look at Q -- if you go back to '13 and you look sequentially, Q3 of '13 like $1.1 billion, Q4 '13 $1.254 billion, I think it was -- I've got -- yes, it was a little over $1.2 billion. And so, one is comparing back to last year's Q3, that certainly helped us in putting our good quarter on the board here in Q3 of '14. But that's a tough comparison quarter, Q4 of '13.
Paul S. Herendeen: From '13 -- what I'd say is, I want to make this point over and over and over again, is because of the nature of our business and seasonality and how things can shift from September to October or across the month, the best way to look at it is the longest time period that you're comfortable with whether that's a year, a half year, whatever. If you look at the second half of 2014 versus '13, it's a good, solid second half of '14.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yes, a couple of things. I mean, we have natural hedges built in to markets where we have a significant presence because, of course, our costs are denominated in the same currency as our revenue streams. We do not hedge our top line nor our bottom line results. Like most companies, we don't. We are subject to, what they -- the changes in exchange rates. And frankly, if you look at them, again, my favorite phrase, over a long enough period of time, you'll see that those things sort of set -- sort themselves out. Where we do hedge is our net asset exposures in our subsidiaries. So that to the extent that we have risk when those balance sheets are translated, that we can hedge that and keep those costs within a relatively narrow band. We do, do that. Those costs as well as the FX gains or losses, would show up in our other income and deductions line within our P&L.
Paul S. Herendeen: Okay. In -- 2 out of the 3, I can answer. Thanks, David. Well, that question about when we'll be through the standup cost, I would expect to be substantially complete towards the latter part of 2015. Let's say, the end of 2015. We will continue to be flipping switches on our ERP implementation into 2016, but the lion share of the costs should be behind us after the year end 2015. The FX impact on -- at the net income line implied for Q4 is in the range of 100 to 150 basis points negative. And then the last question about the R&D credit in Q4, if it were to be passed, it will have an impact of approximately 50 basis points to the full year rate.
Paul S. Herendeen: Yes. Yes, I'll answer the question by saying, with respect to your specific question around poison pill, no comment on that specifically. However, what I would say is, we're a public company. We're for sale every day and to the extend that someone were to come in and be interested and think they could do a better job with our collection of assets, there's certainly the opportunity for them to express that. What I would report back though is, we think we're the team to run this company. We're driving value for our shareholders. We're doing that by pulling all of the levers at our disposal which includes being maniacal about deploying capital both inside and, hopefully, outside of our business. And at the end of the day, if we deliver value, that's what we rely on to continue to be the fellows and ladies that run this company.
