Kristin Peck: As we talked about, the overall market for 2020 in animal health is projected to grow at 4% to 5%, probably faster than that will be companion animal as we've seen in previous years. As we think about where Zoetis is coming in, we believe we’ll grow faster than that market, really driven by our innovation. Obviously, we've given guidance around the excitement around Simparica Trio, our paras and our derm portfolio. We see poultry growing faster than the market as well and Zoetis is growing faster than the market as well. We have some launches there, as well as the portfolio we have in poultry to help raise no antibiotics ever. We see cattle returning to growth in 2020, albeit slower than the overall market and we see Zoetis probably growing in line with the market overall and swine, we see returning to growth as well in 2020 and Zoetis is growing in line or faster. So as we see some of the headwinds though remain innovation overall as well as sort of a return to growth for livestock in general.
Kristin Peck: I'll take the first and I'll let Glenn take the second question. We are expecting to be launching commercial launch in Europe in a few markets. This month, we will do phase one. So Italy, Spain, and UK, are launching this month in Europe. We are not first to market as many of in Europe. There are other products in the market. So to your point, it is a competitive position. We will be pricing, as we've spoken about before, at a premium to Simparica overall and really, as we look back the competitive side, it actually varies dramatically in Europe by market, with the different competitive products on the market overall. We remain excited for approval in Q1 in the U.S., and plan to launch shortly thereafter as is customer and as we spoken about another product launches, probably six to eight weeks after that. And in the U. S. as we spoken about, we should be first to market. Again, we'll plan to launch at a price premium to Simparica but at a discount probably, overall, if you look at it from the two products there. We’re focused very hard in the U.S. in gaining share. So we haven't gotten specific on overall pricing but it should be at a significant premium to Simparica today. But we haven't fully launched in the U.S., our pricing is not public yet in the U. S. So I'll let Glenn take the second question.
Kristin Peck: This is the single biggest category in animal health or companion animal parasiticides. So it is a highly competitive space to exactly your point, it’s a $4 billion market in the U.S. alone, its $2.5 billion. So we are expecting a significant competitive response. This is a category that a lot of people will defend. We would expect normal CapEx, obviously, trying to stuff the channels or fill in and fill up the shelves as best they can. We're certainly expecting some of them to look at pricing programs, but we think there's significant excitement around the opportunity for a triple in the U.S. We’ve certainly heard it. We did not, as you saw at VMX, we didn’t have approval on this product. So we were not promoting this product at VMX. But there's a definite understanding that a triple is coming from us. I think customers are anticipating that and are very excited to have something new and innovative to share with their customers. So I think we're expecting whatever you normally see in a competitive response, but this is a major category. So our plans for launch, our revenue guidance we provided, was anticipating a significant competitive response in this area overall. So I'll turn it over to Glenn to take the gross margin implications on Trio.
Kristin Peck: Sure, I'll take trio first. In Europe, we obviously did begin shipping in Europe to customers there.  So you will see some stocking in Q1 there. In Q2, it will depend on exact timing, but there could be some shipments obviously in Q1 until we have an approval. As we said before, we won't be able to get very specific. But we're discussing weeks here and it just happens to be the timing in Q1. So it's hard to give you an exact guidance. But if you look at the $150 million guidance we gave you, it’s assuming we're selling for three quarters of the year, so there could be stocking obviously. But back to the diagnostic strategy overall, we remain very excited at diagnostics. For starter, it's a market growing at around 10% per year, so it's quite attractive. It continues to also drive use of our therapeutics and preventative. So it's exciting. So we look -- as we look into 2020, we're looking for double digit growth overall and Zoetis’ diagnostics portfolio, both in the U.S and abroad. We’ve spoken a lot about our point of care strategy. We're really focused there and increasing placements, as well as driving consumable use. As you look at the reference lab strategy, we have made a number of BD deals over the last three or four months in the U. S specifically. These are small deals as you've seen but we're looking to build a network. This will be in the U.S. a lot of organic builds from there, scaling the sites we have today, looking at some spoke sites as well. But I think you will see some BD as we look to grow into international. So this will continue to be a mix of organic and inorganic but again, very focused on ROI. We don’t see these as significant deals right now. We're looking at continuing to grow this over time, but great excitement. If you look at sort of some of our excitement ending 2019 and moving into 2020, we've been leveraging our FREEDOM FLEX program, which combines and offers opportunities across our core portfolio in diagnostics, and are very excited to add in reference lab into that opportunity as we look into 2020.
Kristin Peck: In our Q2 2019 guidance, we indicated we have filed in both the EU and U.S., and we're expecting approval in 2021. It is obviously too early for us to be terribly specific as these regulatory views we wish we could predict with that level of precision. So it's probably a little early to be able to say whether or not we have failed in ‘21 or ’22. But you know these would be the first match reviewed by the FDA. So you know we want to make sure we give them that over time, and we have less understanding of exactly how fast that will be by file. We continue to be very excited, as we spoken about before, pain in cats is you know really there are no products today that adequately serve that market. So there's a lot of excitement as well as for the canine. So when we have more information there, we're happy to provide it but we remain excited.
Kristin Peck: I'll take your first question and Glenn can take the second. If you look at reference lab build in the U. S., we think this is multiple years. We looked at scale in geographic as we've talked about, reference lab given the importance of logistics in reference lab, it is an MSA by MSA market and we're very focused on doing this and making sure we scale the sites that we opened. So we do believe this will take a number of years before we'll have a significant presence in the U. S. I would say the same for international. It'll be a buy and build. So to your point, I don't think this is something you're going to see really be a significant player within the next 12 months. But we're very excited about the long term growth in scaling in the markets we've entered and then adding folks there. But I'll turn it over to Glenn to take the gross margin in 2020 and beyond question.
Kristin Peck: Sure, I'll start on corona and then I'll let Glenn get more into specifics of performance and 2019 expectations. As everyone is watching, the corona virus is obviously emerging very quickly in the sense of certainly the news overnight. As we look at our business right now, it's probably too early to tell exactly what the impact will be, but let me talk a little bit about some of the risks that we're watching. First is just an overall economic slowdown, which is already driving some reduced overall consumption in animal proteins. As we’ve seen some of the hardest hit markets are hospitality and travel. So without that, there's a number of people obviously not eating protein. So it should affect consumption a little bit. How long this lap will really impact whether or not that's a significant driver or not. There's obviously some commercial risks, many of our fields are not able to get after veterinarians and many pet owners are not currently bringing their pets to veterinarians, giving some of the quarantine. But if quarantines lift or as that emerges, we'll watch that. We're obviously watching our supply chain. We do have a number of MFA -- APIs or active pharmaceutical ingredients that are produced in China for the world. We're very confident with most of them that we have adequate supply multiple months. So even if the ports did shut down, we should be fine unless that was extended. The ports are still open and they are still shipping. So we don't see right now at the moment any impacts or overall supply chain. We'll continue to monitor this. Obviously, last year the big impact was AFS, which we did see either flattening or returning to growth in China but obviously, that will be subject to the ability to continue to move both feed around China, as well as animal protein. So it's a little earlier to tell but hopefully that gives you a sense of some of the issues that we're tracking to get a sense. But it remains a significant market. I'll let Glenn sort of talk about performance and expectations for China overall.
Kristin Peck: So with your first question, I'm not sure, I know that there's a number of reports out on R&D, versus IDEXX, versus Zoetis. We have significant investments in R&D in our diagnostics portfolio. So I don't think we're looking at any incremental spending to close any perceived innovation or R&D gap there. You remember part of diagnostics has always been a core part of how we even develop the products we develop today, making sure that we can diagnose the diseases that we create treatments for. So we remain very confident in our R&D spend and the percentage dedicated to diagnostics and see significant synergy from an R&D perspective between our core portfolio of medicines, vaccines, et cetera with diagnostics. So no, we don't see that. As we look at the field force, we actually, again, we like to be solution selling as we've spoken about. So we go in and talk about a wellness visit of which diagnostic is a role. If we need to -- if we're looking to place new instruments or sign up somebody on a new reference lab offering, we bring in specialists, diagnostic specialists to do that. And then we have diagnostics, technical specialists who come in and maintain that equipment. So we do not believe it's distracting at all. We do believe once you played that equipment that our core representatives and strategic account managers can really help drive consumable use as they talk about a wellness visit and how they can combine and looking at vaccines, preventative and doing wellness screening in diagnostics. So we think it's actually quite synergistic. And we have experts that come into sort of help, focus sales and replacement of new equipment as well as in reference labs. So no, we don't see that as a big challenge.
Kristin Peck: I'll start with ASF. We do think it's the overall impact based on what we know today is leveling out in China. The real question is how fast will they rebuild the herds in China and how will China overall meet its animal consumption demand. So, as we sort of see it as we talked a little bit, we do think in China, specifically, you'll see flat- to low-single digit growth in our pork business there. I think you'll slowly see some of the more innovative technologically advanced industrialized production start with very strong biosecurity. You're starting to see some signs of this, but it's in fits and starts and it's a little hard right now with corona to understand how fast that will really evolve. But I think if you look at the broader impact of African Swine Fever, they are going to need to feed their people even if consumption is a little bit down. So I think you're going to see the impact of African Swine Fever in countries like the Brazil, the U.S. and EU as they look to meet that demand. There has been little volatility, obviously, given corona in pork prices more recently, but overall, they've been trending up. This will encourage producers to raise more pigs, raise heavier pigs. We are seeing significant increases in export at least in the U.S. already and Brazil into China. So I think you'll see that, which is one of the, we believe, the drivers of why we said we think livestock overall across species will return to growth in 2020, because China will either have to feed their population, some will come from internal, but they will need significant imports into China and that will continue to come from Brazil, the U.S. and the EU, both in pork, but we're also seeing potential opportunities in both poultry and beef. I'll let Glenn take the second question.
Kristin Peck: Sure, I'll start with the first one, and I'll let Glenn take the second one. So, as you look at the long-term opportunity for Trio, it's obviously significant, as we talked about, it is the single largest category in companion animal and certainly overall. It's a highly competitive category as well. So, we're very excited. We think that we will gain share as we think about the $150 million incremental for 2020. The assumption in that overall is we do not have competition in the U.S. in that year, it is already obviously competitive space in many markets outside the U.S. We think we'll get a movement obviously from -- some from OTC. We think we'll certainly see some cannibalization. We've spoken about from Simparica, but we also think it will take some of the other orals in the market overall. So from capital to oral is necessarily the best overall proxy and part of the long-term opportunity for Trio will also depend on our label versus the label of potential other competitors to come to the market as well as the distance between our launch and their launch. I know the favorite question is what are we expecting at competitor. As you know in our fleet, there is very little information available. One of those is a private company, the other one does not disclose. So, at the moment, we believe we'll be the only product on in the U.S. in 2020 and that is part of the assumption on the $150 million, but the longer we are, the greater the opportunity to gain share overall. We continue to see this as a significant innovation for both the pet owner and the vet and a lot of excitement around it. So, we'll be investing significantly in that. I'll turn it over to Glenn a little bit on Alpha Flux.
Kristin Peck: On long-term R&D investment, we look every year as the portfolio of opportunities and innovation that we have ahead of us and invest based on where we see those opportunities. It does fluctuate a little bit year-to-year. It's been growing, I think, faster than our overall SG&A, not necessarily always at revenue growth. We are -- we've, I think, made very strong investments. As we see opportunities, we're more than happy to increase that R&D investment and have done so certainly quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, but we are confident that the spend around where we are again, you should expect fluctuations year-to-year based on opportunities. Some of these studies can, especially in livestock, when you move them, they can drive significant costs year-to-year, but we are very confident that we have the right level of spend to drive our value proposition, significant top line growth at or faster than the market long-term in what we've provided overall. I'll see if Glenn wants to add anything to that and he can take the second question.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I'll take the first. Obviously, if you look at diagnostics overall, to be clear, we are expecting double-digit growth in our core point of care Zoetis diagnostics. That's not being driven by reference labs. Reference labs would be incremental to that. It's, again, I want to emphasize, still a pretty small part of our overall portfolio in the U.S., but we are expecting double-digit growth in both the U.S. and in international in the point of care space. But I'll let Glenn talk a little bit more about gross margin overall.
Kristin Peck: Digital and data analytics, obviously, is an important strategy of the Company. It's one of our five priorities as we move into 2020. I would say there's two components of that. One is, leveraging digital and data to drive greater sales of our core business. So, that's really focused around better targeting our customers, providing more personalized and customized solutions for them. So leveraging the data we have to better understand how they operate their business, what products will be most attractive, what offers will be most attractive to them. So, I think that will -- that's already in place and I think we're doing a very strong job both in the U.S. and international of leveraging some of those capabilities to drive our core business. We also see that opportunity in both pet care and livestock to create new revenue-generating solutions. Some of that in the pet care side will be around overall diagnostics opportunities and linking those opportunities to our core portfolio and providing incremental insights to our customers. In livestock, that remains as well around both our genetics portfolio as well as our precision livestock farming, which we see as a significant growth driver for us in the medium- to long-term. I think if you look at both the consumer preferences and where the industry is moving, it's moving more to individualized animal care. So, solutions such as what we have a Smartbow, which is ear tags for dairy cattle and better understanding the health and the productivity aspect of animals, individual animals and helping producers and veterinarians make better decisions in the short term is an opportunity, and as we link that to both our genetics business, which is you can also predict which animals will be born healthier and will have a better productivity. And then we see in the medium term the opportunity to link that as well to our diagnostics and really provide both veterinarians, producers, and consumers with better understanding and better health for animals. So, we think this will help drive our business. As we see some of those that you saw are more short-term opportunities, some are more medium term. And when I think about the connection between all three genetics, precision livestock, data in our core portfolio in diagnostics, that's probably more in the medium to long term.
Kristin Peck: As we look, I'll just start with derm. We obviously have very significant market for dermatology. We have been expecting competition will enter at some point. Based again in our industry, there's not great data, so I can't tell you exactly when competitor will launch. We are obviously planning for our competitor to launch in the next one to three years. Exactly when that will be, will be difficult for us to fully assess, but we do expect a potential small or large molecule entrant. We don't know exactly when that will be, but we have put plans in place to prepare for that overall as a key focus for us. And for Draxxin, we still have patent protection through 2021. This is a significant market. So, we again here expect we will see competition when does hit and when patent exclusivity runs out. That's a significant market. But as we said, what's different about animal health and human health is, even though we'll see obvious competition, we still think in our business that normally has an impact between 20% and 40% both in sort of market share and price over a number of years. So we do expect obviously a challenge in 2021 or 2022 on Draxxin.
Kristin Peck: Well, thanks very much for -- I appreciate all the great questions today and if you got any further questions please do ask them. Thanks so much.
Glenn David: From a revenue perspective, very excited about the expectations for revenue growth this year with growth of 7 to 9.5% and obviously, very excited about Simparica Trio as well. In terms of the bottom line growth of 8% to 11%, a little less of a differential from revenue that we typically expect, a lot of that being driven by the impact of the tax rate change year-over-year. Accounting for that impact, we have about another 300 basis point impact of growth at the bottom line and also, foreign exchange was negatively impacting us in terms of adjusted net income absolute number and that was about 200 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange. Specifically to your questions, there is no assumed payback or pay down of debt. And in terms of share repurchase, the number of shares that we assume in our EPS are the shares ending as of the end of December 2019.
Glenn David: Yes, in terms of the impact on gross margin. For 2020, we expect it to be mildly beneficial to our overall gross margin. Obviously, as time goes on and we become more efficient in the production or operating at full capacity, we do expect this to be a higher margin product for us, and it will benefit our gross margin over time as we move beyond 2020.
Glenn David: And Erin just to add to the comments on the quarterly seasonalization and progression for Trio. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we would expect significantly more sales in Q2 for Trio and really you know that growing throughout the year. So we look at the overall progression of revenue for the company. We would expect Q1 to be slightly lower in terms of overall growth and then because of the investments that we're making in Q1 to support the launch of Trio, as well as some other strategic investments, we’d expect income to be relatively flat or to low single digits.
Glenn David: Yes, so when you look at China overall, I’ll start with full year and then talk a little bit about Q4. China for full year 2019 was about $200 million in revenue, which was essentially flat for the prior year, which is pretty impressive performance considering the impact of African swine fever, which we estimate to be greater than $50 million in 2019, and was really driven by rapid growth in companion animal. Companion animal now represents more than 50% of the overall revenue in China and is growing very rapidly. So the market performed very well even in the challenges of African swine fever. And I think you saw some of that, particularly in Q4 where we saw 10% growth in China in Q4 in operational perspective even with a negative $11 million impact from African swine fever.
Glenn David: So in terms of Simparica Trio approval, as we said, we're in an administrative review period. All the technical sections are complete. So we're just awaiting final response from the regulators at this point in time. In terms of time frame of six to eight weeks from approval to launch, that's pretty typical within the industry. There are a number of things that need to occur. You need to find a label, you need to complete packaging of the product, you need to make sure you're building up the appropriate launch quantities. Obviously, we're doing that every day and we're looking to minimize that time of six to eight week period, but that is very typical within the industry in terms of approval the launch based on the activities that need to occur post-approval.
Glenn David: So in terms of derm growth, so, A, just looking back at 2019, a really strong year for the derm portfolio in 2019. We grew 29% operationally, U.S. growing 25% and international growing 38%. We'd expect to have continued growth in 2020, not to that level as we're working off of a higher base, but the areas that we expect to exceed growth, A, international. We expect international continue to outpace the U.S. in terms of growth, just because currently, the mix of the revenue between U.S. and international is about two-third U.S., one-third international, although the number of medicalized dogs is pretty much equivalent between the two. So we would expect to gain market share in international as vets get more and more comfortable with the products internationally. And the U.S. has had the advantage of direct-to-consumer advertising, which is not available on all international markets. From the U.S. perspective, we continue to see opportunity in terms of continuing to expand the market, continuing to expand the usage into acute patients. And we still expect continue to get price in the U.S. as well. So we see 2020 has been another year of growth for the derm portfolio. But as the portfolio continues to mature, the pace of growth will slow.
Glenn David: So in terms of the fish portfolio for Q4, we saw very strong growth at 17% and Alpha Flux was a key contributor to that growth in the quarter, particularly in Chile. There is already a similar product on the market in Norway. So that would not be an incremental opportunity in terms of launching a new product in Norway. As we look into 2020, we continue to see the fish portfolio growing. There may be some limitation in terms of the number of salmon available to treat based on certain regulations, but we still see fish as a rapidly growing species for us in 2020.
Glenn David: So in terms of the question on operating margins for diagnostics, so gross margins will be lower over the long period of time for diagnostics. However, when you look at operating margin, obviously, right now we're in the build phase. So it's a little lower than our overall business. But as we're progressing over the next number of years, with the ability to leverage our commercial infrastructure, we do see the operating margins for diagnostics coming very close to our core portfolio as well.
Glenn David: So in terms of the poultry outlook, A, this year, we had very strong performance in poultry. We grew 10% for the year globally in poultry. And we see 2020 as being another very positive year for poultry growing much faster than the overall market and with our portfolio continuing to outpace the market. In terms of the vector vaccine, in 2019, we launched our first vector vaccine that really set the stage for us from an R&D perspective to continue to develop more and more vaccines over the next number of years for those to become a bigger section of our portfolio and we do see poultry continuing to be a rapidly growing market and we'll continue to invest in our R&D for that market.
Glenn David: From a gross margin perspective, again, overall on diagnostics, as we are expecting rapid growth in that area, it will be a negative driver of our overall gross margin as those products tend to be of a lower gross margin profile. When you look at the overall EPS impact, particularly to your question on reference labs, reference labs in 2020 is about a negative $0.03 to $0.04 impact on our overall EPS based on the investments we're making to grow that business for the future.
