Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Thank you. We were very pleased to deliver another strong quarter and position to raise a guidance once again for the year. With respect to DRAXXIN, as expected, we continue to see the effect of the LOE and DRAXXIN was down about $15 million in the quarter. Now, our defense strategy here is working well and we are largely maintaining our market share although that does have the effect on price. So, we're very pleased with how the product is performing as well as DRAXXIN KP in terms of maintaining largely the market share from a volume perspective here. As we look forward, we are expecting further generic competitors to come into this space from a DRAXXIN perspective, and that we believe will continue into next year as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Sure. Look, we continue to see really strong underlying market dynamics overall. And our portfolio is really well-positioned and continues to perform very well against those dynamics. As we discussed on the prior earnings call, what we're seeing in terms of growth rates in the second half of this year is more reflection of how the phasing occurred last year versus this year, given our position in the market. Again, the strong market dynamics that we continue to face here. If you look at last year, the second half had almost 17% more revenue in the back half in the first half of last year.  And so that's really what's driving the comp here. Those are the phasing of last year where this year is a little bit more normalized. As Kristin just referenced, we see a number of growth drivers for us, not only from the overall market, but also our portfolio across [Indiscernible], as we look at pain, diagnostics as well, with the one area -- the area that we're watching, including DRAXXIN. To your point around inflation, is you know given our portfolio and innovative products that we have and demand we see for those products, they position us well to take price. And you saw a 2% price in the quarter included in 10% operational growth.  And we'll continue to look at opportunities to continue to do that as we go into next year, you saw in the quarter our gross margins actually expanded by 110 basis points versus last year Q3, and so that despite some headwinds in the areas of freight, etc. So, we'll continue to monitor those and take price where we can give the innovative products that we bring to the market [Indiscernible]
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. As we've discussed just before here, we're well-positioned, going out of this year into next year, to continue to sustain growth beyond this year. In terms of how you might see things flow through the P&L, our long-term value proposition is to grow adjusted net income faster than revenue. We don't see any reason to depart from that. However, given the opposition across a number of really key brands and demand that we see, we'll take the opportunity to invest behind those brands to drive DTC by other awareness campaigns, etc. We're also are investing in R&D, as well as Diagnostics and other areas that we believe will help us accelerate and enhance growth going forward. So that may, at times, cause that difference to be a little bit tighter as you said, from time to time, but it's to drive that growth -- that enhanced level of growth that we see, given the opportunity that we see in the market.
Wetteny Joseph: We continue to be very pleased with the performance of Librela and Solensia in the European markets where we've launched the product. The feedback has been very, very strong from vet and pet owners as well. We saw $50 million of revenue from Librela in the quarter and about $2 million from Solensia. Again, really the first full quarter of those products being in those select markets for us. In terms of where we're expecting approval for next year and we continue to expect approval for Librela as Kristin mentioned, in the first half of the year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yeah, I'll start and see what Kristin what's to add here with respect to China. As expected, we saw growth decelerate in China this quarter with about 1% growth in the quarter but keep in mind, China has actually grown 35% on a year-to-date basis. We're up against a very solid comparative on last year where we saw 63% growth in the quarter. And swine was actually up 159% in the same quarter last year. Again, the pricing dynamics [Indiscernible] which we discussed on the last call started about mid-June.  And so, we expected to see sort of decline in the pork area. Now, the other part of your question is long-term. What do we expect in the market? We do see continued opportunity to grow substantially in China over time as we bring more and more robotics to the market. But also, if you look at what's happened since African swine fever, you see a concentration more on larger producers versus backyard forms, and we think that [Indiscernible] well in terms of whole medicalization over time, as well for our premium products with respect to swine.  And then on the Companion Animal side, we continue to see really robust growth in China. In Companion Animal, we saw double-digit growth this quarter. And Companion Animal which obviously was partly offset by the swine. So long term, we continue to expect really solid growth in China, which is our second largest market, driven by the market dynamics that we discussed. Although there may be cycles that we'll see in swine as we're going through right now from a pricing standpoint.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Look, we saw another strong quarter across our parasiticide franchise. Small animal parasiticide grew about 32% in the quarter with $391 billion. We've had Trio sales of $122 million, $350 million so far through this year on a year-to-date basis. The part that continues to do extremely well, particularly in our large corporate accounts, where the penetration rates about 90% and we're seeing about 80% of the order rates as well. So, we continue to gain share in this very large market.  If you recall, last year we launched the product, and so we've now -- without lapping it. And in terms of parasiticides, a sort of seasonality starts to play into [Indiscernible] in terms of what you might see as well. So, this is really in line with our expectations and we couldn't be more pleased with how the product is doing in the market. And now that we've really penetrated well with the large corporate accounts, we're now going into some of the mid-size accounts as well. So, we continue to see the product gain momentum and again, in line with our expectations.
Wetteny Joseph: Yeah, sure. As Kristin mentioned, we saw 7% revenue growth for vet with about -- with visits up 3% and a revenue per visit up about 4%. And that's up against a prior year where we saw real increase in the third quarter in terms of vet visits, etc., given the effects of the pandemic. We continue to expect that these statistics will continue to be above pre-pandemic levels, or they would moderate from their peaks. Other -- two other important points to recall here is that if you look at pet ownership or more, we're seeing millennials and Gen-Z bring pets into their homes, and they are doing a lot more research and looking at petcare and wellness, and they are willing to spend more on their pets. So, the increase in pet ownership, we expect that to continue to provide really strong tailwind in the industry for spending on pets as we look forward and as those pets continue to age as well.
Kristin Peck: And the only thing I would add there, as we said, this is completely in line with our expectations, not just that we gave this year, but that we've been talking about when the generic enters. We generally said it takes somewhere between 20% to 40% over a number of years. We said in the beginning of this year that that would likely be a little faster and we're on track to be doing that. We expect probably somewhere around a 20% head-on price for us on this product in the year. So, in line with the expectations, Mike.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, Louise. We are really excited for a number of the growth drivers that we saw this year, which we really think will continue into next year. I think our strength in parasiticide, our strength in derm, I mean, that will be a billion dollars this year growing at 26% in the quarter. Diagnostics, again, year-to-date, 28%, we think continues into next year, really strong performance in our emerging markets. China, Brazil, and other emerging, which I think will continue into next year, not to mention our pain monoclonal antibodies. So, I think we have a lot of the growth drivers this year that we think will continue into next year.  I mean, obviously things we're going to watch for next year, there could be headwinds for us. Could be the timing of competition for potential product against Apoquel or Simparica Trio, as Wetteny mentioned in his remarks, we're not really expecting that until the second half of 2022. Again, we don't have great visibility into that. Obviously, we think [Indiscernible], once we lap some of this draft and impact that will lessen as a real headwind for us. But overall, we really think that durable growth drivers you saw this year really continue into next year and we're pretty confident about that.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I'll take the first part of the question then I will let Wetteny take the second half, Jon. Livestock is a complex picture. So, I think your insight is quite well-founded. In the sense of not just the difference between US and international, but the difference between the specie. So, as you rightly mentioned, the US was down significantly in livestock and that's pretty much generic competition against DRAXXIN, Zoamix and some other products that we mentioned before. But to your point, international was up 7% and that was still with a really rough time in China as you saw in the quarter with China livestock down about 10%, but more than made up for by China's Companion Animal.  And really it has to do with the mix between species that are growing quite quickly for us like fish, cattle, and poultry, maybe struggling but you look at strong growth in emerging markets, which is what's really booing livestock. And as we've said in previous quarters, how US livestock goes does not mean how overall lifestyle goes. So, I think we really, the diversity of our portfolio across species, across geographies continues to really be one of the strengths for us at least. And we do think overall you'll see a flat to low single-digit growth overall across the Company for us in livestock, that maybe a little bit slower than the market, as we said, because of DRAXXIN and some of the key LOEs that we have.  And ultimately, once we lap some of those LOEs, we think you do go back in '23, '24 to a mid-single-digit exactly where we've always been. So, the historic growth of livestock is around 4%. And as we said, we think it absolutely returns there. And what's the reason to believe? Well, if we're growing international in the quarter at 7%, and really the US is mostly getting hit by the generic. Once we lap those, we do believe you can get back to a livestock growth in the sort of mid-single digits, the way it historically has been. But I'll Wetteny take your second question.
Kristin Peck: And I'll take the second half of your question, Erin, with regards to US Companion Animal trends. We don't have the monthly data, but just putting some of this in context, we believe that we look at the data overall right now. We're seeing overall vet clinic revenue growing 7%, which is higher than the historical rate. It's been a little bumpy over the year. I mean, weather, lots of different dynamics have been driving it. You saw 8% in Q1, 14% in Q2., we are seeing 7%. The way we sort of see this is, we think it overall will be higher than historical norms. Is it -- is the double-digit that you saw consistently in 2020?  No, but I don't think -- we saw very weak as you saw in Q1 and there's a huge bounce back in the second half as we saw last year, we do think that revenue at that clinic will continue to grow above historical rates. We're not really sure, as I said last quarter that we think that's going to be double-digit, but historically it grew 5 to 6. Is it going to be 7 to 8? I think our view is it will still be stronger than normal, but maybe not in the double-digits overall. But I mean, its still seeing strength, if you -- anyone of you who have been trying to get an appointment for your dog or your cat at the vet, it's pretty challenging to get one. So mostly because the demand really does remain high there.
Kristin Peck: Sure, thanks Chris. Yes, I mean, our derm portfolio has continued to grow and I think what we've really discovered is there still a large number of untreated animals out there. So, if you look at, we still believe there are 7,000,000 dogs that are diagnosed with some form of itchiness that are still not being treated. We do believe there's significant market growth. There's still geographic expansion. We've really invested heavily in direct-to-consumer advertising to grow this market. People are home more with their pets.  They're spending more time. So, I think people are really starting to notices itch and bothering them more maybe than it did historically. So, they are seeking help. We've also really invested in programs such as in the US are Petcare rewards program, which it making customers loyal to our product. So, we have been expecting competition to be frank. We probably thought it would've happened before now, but we think there's lots of rooms to continue to grow this market. And so, will it remain at 26% of you saw in the quarter? Our growth might go down a little bit, but I still think this will be a growing market for us, just given the large number of untreated dogs in the US and around the globe.
Kristin Peck: The only thing that I could add to that, is we obviously have launched Apoquel there. It is doing well, it is growing. This is a specialty product in a market that's traditionally been mostly a primary care generalist market. So, we're really excited to grow that. And I think we have a very strong pipeline of products coming into China and new innovation that we're going to be bringing in just like we brought in Apoquel, the approval right now for Cytopoint, which has not yet launched there. And honestly lots of products behind that we're really excited to be launching in China. So, we -- it is our second largest market. We do think it's going to continue to have very strong growth. As Wetteny said, with our year-to-date at 35%, we're really bullish on our ability to continue to grow in China.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Again, I can start there. We are really pleased with Librela and yes, we are seeing animals return. I don't have the specific number of days that they're coming back. We can certainly look into that and see if we can get that data for you. It is priced at a premium to both Rimadyl, as well as to Gala plans on the market, so given it has a phenomenal, both safety and efficacy profile, it has been priced at a premium. The price obviously varies from market-to-market, so I don't think we have that overall information. With regards to the second part of your answer on Solensia, half is it quite different markets.  So, although today the market in dogs is 400 and we believe we can double it. The market is actually pretty higher to size in cats. There are very few approved products out there today to treat cats, so I hardly even say what it is. It's not zero, maybe tens of millions, it's certainly not hundreds of millions of dollars. And cats are less medicalized than dogs. So, you really have to first medicalize those cats. You have to be able to -- cats like to hide their pain. So, you also have to find a way that pet owners can notice pain in cats better and identify it and bring them to the vet.  So, the reason we've said it's a smaller market is, the number of cats that are medicalized are just smaller, and then the number that are actually treated is really small. So, the first thing is you need to be able to identify [Indiscernible] with pet owners, convince them to take their cats to the vet and build a market from scratch. Cat owners, when they used to call the vet when their cat was severing from pain, from osteoarthritis. We're told it really wasn't anything. There's no product in the US, for example, whatsoever.  So, it's really about retraining pet owners that there is a product that can meet their cat sneeze, and helping vets really bring the cat into the vet. A lot of pet owners don't like putting their cats in crates to bring them to the vet as you probably know. But we're very confident that we have a strong pipeline for cats that will increasingly medicalized cats’ overtime and helped build this market. But as we said, just given the number of medicalized cats will be a smaller market than the dog space. And it will likely take a little longer to build it.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I wish we knew exactly. I mean, we had the same theories that you do that there could be certain technical reasons for some competitors. And let me be clear. Everyone's working in this space. This is the parasiticides. It's the largest single market in Animal Health at $5 billion. So, I think if you're pretty much any of the large companies we compete with, they're all trying to come up with their own triple combination. So, I don't know that it's the same thing that's holding each of the companies back.  I mean, we're not really clear. It definitely could be regulatory, it could be technical, it could be manufacturing CMC. We're not exactly clear. And to your point, there's really very few public companies who actually disclose much about their pipeline. So, our ability to know where people are is quite limited. We just -- and we always -- I know it's a little [Indiscernible] keep pushing it out. Sort of like 6 to 12 months from whenever you ask the question because we haven't seen it and we haven't heard it in corporate accounts and they're negotiating with us, we think it's definitely another 3 -- every quarterly with another 3 plus months out. And that's really where some of our back comes from.  And yes, we are confident that even if you'll see, we are planning on competition in these key products, but I think that it's the strength and diversity of our pipeline globally that makes us confident we can continue to grow above market. We've got diagnostics, we've got pain mAb. We still think you're going to be growing in [Indiscernible] to be honest with you, it's still a lot of unmet medical needs, so yes, we remain confident that we can grow above the market even if we do start to face competition in some of these key franchises.
Kristin Peck: Sure. DRAXXIN KP was part of our defense strategy. I don't think it's going to restart growth for us necessarily to market as we're seeing generic competition, but it is as Wetteny outlined in his remarks at the beginning of this call. It's helped us retain our share. It provides incremental innovation and incremental benefit to our customers and a reason, obviously, to stay with that. Yes, we have had in the US two competitor s so far. We've heard up to three more are potentially coming. I don't know why they haven't -- we would've expected them this year, so their approval -- whether or not they actually entered the market, we're not really --we not sure when and if on that, but we would've said we probably have a few more entering.
Kristin Peck: Great. Look, thank you everyone for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, I think we delivered another strong quarter of results driven by our diverse global portfolio and strength in Petcare parasiticides and dermatology products. We are raising our guidance for the full-year 2021 and we remain on track for a record-setting year for us. And we're continuing to invest in the areas to support our long-term growth. And we remain confident in the fundamental growth drivers for animal health and for Zoetis into 2022 and beyond. So, thanks so much for joining us today. Have a great day.
