Wetteny Joseph: Yeah, sure. Erin, as we've been saying throughout this year, supply certainly remains a headwind to meeting global demand. And as Kristin mentioned, the timing of recovery on some of these is very important. So as we went throughout the year and face supply constraints, particularly in Trio, despite the fact that Trio has performed really well for us, growing 65% on a year-to-date basis. The reality is, we had outages throughout the peak parasiticide season for Trio to Q2 and Q3, though we recovered late in Q3, the impact was such that we allowed competitors to be more aggressive about placing products on shelves, which we saw that impact as we exited Q3. But going forward, we do anticipate continuing to see some impact for Revolution, Revolution Plus, where we are selectively looking at key markets to deliver those products against others. So that is something that we're carrying into the fourth quarter, and we have reflected in the guidance that we have issued today. So while our business faces other impacts outside of supply, whether it's workforce or macro in certain markets. By far, the supply constraints are the biggest impact here, looking at how we've seen the year sort of transition versus what we saw earlier. And so, if you look at the guidance change here of about $200 million reduction in guidance, I would say, FX and supply account for more than 75% of that, with supply being by far the largest majority of that.
Wetteny Joseph: I'll just add a couple of points on Trio. Look, if you look at combination, flee, tick, heartworm, it's still a relatively new standard of care. And what you continue to see is in this very important part of the market, which is north of $5 billion globally. This expansion going from topicals and orals -- topicals and collars into orals and then now with triple combinations, we'll continue to expand that into the market and grow the market as well. So even with competition, we expect to continue to grow. So this dynamic that we described that occurred as we exited Q3 -- between Q2 and Q3, we see that as a temporary effect, and we'll continue to drive our share here. And particularly, since we are not anticipating a delay in terms of competition, though it's hard to say exactly when it will come. It could come in 2023, but we don't expect it early in the year. With respect to Librela, what I would say is, we continue to be extremely pleased and the product continues to perform better than our expectations across Europe. And though we've had capacity constraints that didn't allow us to be able to take full advantage of demand this year and we've had to actually make trade-offs in terms of delaying launches in other markets. As we exit the year, we anticipate next year being able to launch the product in additional markets outside the US and outside of Europe. And the product, again, continues to perform really well for us. So we're very pleased with that. And so this sort of delay in terms of when the actual approval will happen in the US, given the dynamics we're seeing in terms of the expansion of 40% of the dogs that have been put on the product and new to the market. The less of time duration of use of the product, et cetera, all bode well for sort of continued growth in this area and expansion of the pain market beyond the timing of the launch, et cetera.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So, look, what I would say is, supply issue is not unique to us, given the wide variety of products and species. It's relatively commonplace in this industry, as I've learned coming in about a year-and-a-half ago. I think the level that we're seeing now is certainly elevated over the last couple of years. And in particular, we saw more of an impact here in Q3, given the timing of our recovery on some of these, right? So I do think we expect to see some continued impact into Q4, but we reflected those in the guidance that we just issued today. I mentioned Revolution, for example, being one of them and quite frankly, throughout the years in the MABS where we are confident in our ability to fulfill demand next year, not only in Europe but other markets outside of Europe. We've made trade-offs in MABS even between, for example, Cytopoint and Librela, right? So I do think those impacts have had their effects on this year. But as we go into next year, we're confident in those. I think vaccines is an area that you typically see certain supply constraints in and challenges, and I think we'll continue to see those into 2024 and as we exit the year, we'll continue to make progress on Revolution, but it is certainly having an impact on the fourth quarter as well is what I would say. Of course, we'll have a lot more color to provide on the next call with respect to 2023, but we feel confident on the biggest products that have the greatest impacts. If you look at Trio from a parasiticide perspective, confidence in terms of supply going into next year. And for our MABS, particularly Librela launches, et cetera, and for Cytopoint for next year, we feel very confident about that as well. So those are big movers for us going into 2023.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Look, I think if you look at livestock, as we said, this is a segment that has grown in the sort of 3% to 4% range historically. And given the impact that we're seeing from generic competition for Draxxin, Zoamix, et cetera, we've been performing below that. But as we sit here, if we, for example, were to pro forma out the Draxxin impact, you would see growth in our livestock business, even in the quarter that we delivered negative 3 on Q3, which is similar to last quarter. And so, I think, as we look to exit this year, I think livestock will be slightly below the performance you saw in Q3, given the intensification of some of the generic competition. But beyond that, as we look beyond out exiting 2023 into 2024, et cetera, we'll have to take a look at what the macro is. I think if you look at cattle in key markets across Brazil, and elsewhere in the US, we'll have to really continue to look at what the macro is. But in terms of innovation, we continue to make innovation that, quite frankly, you're not seeing the impact of them in the current year because of the impact of generic competition. So if you look at inhibition in terms of poultry with vector vaccines that we're starting to launch in the US. If you look at some of our swine vaccines that we're launching elsewhere, we've had some supply constraints in those as well. So you're not seeing the full effect of those. But beyond this year and beyond the generic competition is that sort of supply pull, you start to see growth coming out of our livestock business. I just want to make one more point going back to derm. We don't -- last earnings, we said we don't see competition for derm in the first half of next year. Now, three months later, there's still no new news, right? And so, I think, as you know, in the space, it's not that we have specific data on what folks have. And so, it's about a six-month time frame that we look ahead. And three months later, we still don't see anything. So it's not to say that we expect competition next year is just we don't have any data that says there will be any in the first half. So I just want to make that clarifying point as you asked the question around competition next year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So I'll take the first part of the question in terms of how we see margins and investments, et cetera. We've made a number of investments across the business, whether you look at what we're doing in R&D, what we've done with respect to our field force, and we'll continue to do across the diagnostics in our pet care field force, for example, in the US, we're making investments across our supply chain and manufacturing, obviously, given the demand we're seeing across our products and anticipated launches of other products out into the future. So we'll continue to make those investments, but we do have the ability to manage discretionary spend and you see that play out in the third quarter, where OpEx was below top line growth. And in fact, other than the tax rate difference to last year, if you look at our earnings before taxes, those grew at 8% on a 5% top line growth. So you see that leverage playing out in the P&L. And we have the ability to continue to do that. And I think we'll continue to use price to drive margins. The mix is favorable to us, given companion animal continues to grow faster than livestock. So companion animal grew 10% in the quarter where livestock declined 3%. So that mix is favorable to us, although, we see some offset with respect to inflation and so on, but you continue to see those drivers, and we can anticipate those going into next year. So we'll continue to make investments in select areas, again, prioritizing R&D prioritizing manufacturing and supply chain, for example, but we'll manage discretionary spend elsewhere to still deliver a leveraged P&L, which is what we've said. Now there may be quarters, where that doesn't play out exactly. But I think if you look at a year, you will see us continue to do that. And that margin between top line growth and bottom line growth may be less than what the business naturally can do, but that's because we're making investments where we see the need, but we will still manage to deliver annually a leveraged P&L is our target.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, I just think one of the things that I've really learned in the last 18 months be in this space is, it's not if you recover from a supply constraint, it’s when you recover really matters. So we talk about that already in parasiticides from a season perspective. But that's true across livestock. If you look at gaining supply in time for fall cattle run in the US is important. And so, if you missed that window, you have a greater impact than you thought. So if you were planning to and executing towards the timing of that, and you cover a little bit later, that's where you start to see the impact. And I think that's what's played out here as we exit Q3 and why some of this might appear as a little bit of a surprise to you.
Wetteny Joseph: I would just say, look, as I said earlier, there are other factors that impact our business. I mean you do see some macro in some select markets. So if I look at Brazil, for example, you see a trade down from beef to poultry and swine. If you look at China, we continue to see lockdowns impact consumption, particularly on the livestock side. But if you look at companion animal performance, even in those markets, despite the significant letdowns in China, you see strong double-digit growth in companion animal. We saw double-digit growth in companion animal even in Brazil, despite the macro. So I do think this speaks to the resiliency of particularly on the companion animal side of the space, even in challenging macro areas. And then, the other thing I'll say with respect to a very strong comp is, if you look at derm, our third quarter last year, derm grew 26% globally. It was north of 20% in the US. And so when you have labor capacity constraints at the vet clinic, being able to perform above that level of growth from a prior year perspective becomes a challenge. So, again, supply is by far the biggest challenge we faced all year and certainly in the third quarter. But the macro continues to be largely from a demand perspective, remaining strong.
Wetteny Joseph: The only thing I would say is, look, the actions we've taken this year will continue to execute against give us confidence in our ability to capitalize on the opportunity here with a delay from a competition standpoint. But what we've learned over the last two-plus years is, things happen in this world, whether it's US or Europe and so on. So barring any sort of major events, we do feel confident with our ability to capitalize on this and execute to meet the demand for the product. And we anticipate we'll continue to see demand beyond when a competitor comes into place as well, for the reasons we've already stated.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Look, the first thing I would say is, there is no structural change with respect to the competitive nature of livestock. It's always been competitive and it remains so. So our commentary here today and what we've been talking about over the last couple of years isn't necessarily different. What is, is that generic competition has had an impact on us over the last couple of years as we anticipated, as we said. So Jackson, if you look at Jackson prior to LOE, we are roughly in the mid-$300 million, let's call it, $350 million in revenue. That by far, the largest sort of individual product within livestock. And so, certainly, as we anticipated, about a 20% impact in the first year, another 20% in the second year. The first year was a little bit better than that. It was south of 20%, but the second year is above that. And so, still in the neighborhood, maybe a little bit worse than what we thought initially, with respect to Jackson, but there's no other large product like that. I would say, in the portfolio, though Zoamix also has seen some competition, but it was nowhere near the size of a Jackson. So short story is, no change in terms of what we're seeing in terms of the competitiveness of livestock, is just a little bit more intensification in terms of products that have become generic if they are sizable.
Wetteny Joseph: So I'll start and see if Kristin wants to add anything. With respect to the supply challenges, I think we've described in a fair amount of detail what we saw happen and why the impact was more noticeable in the third quarter, though we also made significant progress as we exited the quarter. So the impact that we're seeing in the third quarter, if we double-click on parasiticides, for example, particularly with Trio, I mean, from Q1, we have -- we've had outages on Trio across certain strengths, et cetera. And we continue to run with constraints throughout the year. But in particular, in Q2 and Q3, those outages really left more space across vet clinics for competitors to fill those shelves. And so, as we got into Q3, again, continuing to be in the parasiticide season, we saw switchovers with respect to new patients coming off of collars and topicals, for example, going into orals, rather than coming into our product going into some of our competitors, because our competitors filled shelves when we had gaps. So that's why we saw a bigger impact in that in terms of what we saw, particularly for Trio. Revolution’s been an issue, quite frankly, throughout the year and remains so, even as we've gotten into Q4 here, which is why we say we continue to see uncertainty in certain products here. Vaccines, I would say, a relatively commonplace across the industry in terms of having supply issues. And again, we've seen a little bit more of those this year. And again, particularly in Q3, given the cattle run in the US in the fall, et cetera. So we saw some of that -- the impact of those outages more pronounced in the quarter. So hopefully, that gives you plenty, if there's a follow-up, I'm sure you can take it up with Steve offline as well. But that's the detail that we've shared. With respect to capacity for MABS, these are long lead time areas, right? If you take the time to manufacture, it's long lead time, the time to add capacity in monoclonal antibodies is also relatively long. So we've been working on those for some time, which is why, as we've gone through this year, we -- and we express confidence into next year being able to not only capitalize on demand that we see across Europe, but we'll be able to launch in other products outside of Europe across our international segment with confidence, because we have been able to expand in various areas. I won't go into a specific site in terms of what their capacity is. But suffice it to say, our monoclonal antibodies manufacturing is more than just one location in terms of where we do that. And you've seen us take an uptick as well in terms of CapEx going from last year to this year, we've talked about that all year. And you continue to see an uptick in CapEx as we go into the next year or two as well, because we continue to make investments in capacity and monoclonal antibodies are an important platform for us, not only with respect to derm with Cytopoint with the pain franchise, but other products that we're working on in our pipeline, we require those. So we'll continue to make investments with respect to MAB on capacity.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I'll start. And -- and see, what Kristin will add. First of all, with respect to currency, if you look at this year, top line impact from FX, given the strength of the US dollar is about 4%. So on the year, 4% which is roughly $39 million headwind versus prior year rates. If you look at the impact all the way down to the bottom line, it's about 8%. And so, from an EPS standpoint, that's about $0.36 of headwind. It's about $0.07 worse than our prior guidance, given the continued strength of the US dollar. So that's where we are. We're not going to forecast what FX might do. But our guidance is based on where rates were at the end of October here. And we'll continue to update, but we'll focus on commentary around operational growth given, given FX impact, but that's the impact that we're seeing this year. But if I didn't go into price here, on a year-to-date basis, if you look at our companion animal product sales and revenues, we've taken about 5% price on a year-to-date basis. And so, what is offsetting that largely is what we've been talking about here today, which is, the generic competition, particularly on Jackson, that's offsetting that growth where you see a net of 1% in the quarter. But on a year-to-date basis, our price is about 2%. If you include the impact of generic competition and higher than that without -- but companion animal is where we have innovative products, we continue to see strong demand, and we're taking price to the tune of about 5%. And if you look at our margins, roughly 90 basis points down year-over-year, FX is by far the biggest contributor to that. So if you take FX out, you've got about 20 basis points. So essentially, our price is offsetting increases in manufacturing costs, et cetera, being price and mix and so on is what we're seeing. So that's where the offset is. We're right about where you might see across elsewhere in the industry, our vet practices, given the strong demand we continue to see are actually taking price at or above what we're taking in that 5% on companion animal as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So we've been very pleased with the penetration across large corporate accounts. We're about 90%, but we still see more room, even within those large corporate accounts to increase utilization of Trio. And we continue to work on those, and that's part of where our expanded field force in the US is focused in addition to, obviously, with the launches of other products, et cetera, and across derm to continue to penetrate and so on. So we've been very pleased with the overall penetration across large corporates. We continue to work on smaller and mid-sized accounts as well. And we see more room within those penetrated clinics to get better utilization on Trio. I don't know if you would add anything to that, Kristin.
Kristin Peck: And sure, I'll take your second question around visibility into supply resolution. When we started the year, like many companies across many different sectors, we knew supply challenges would be there waiting on things as you look at ones where -- to your point, were we a little surprised by what happened with specifically Trio and Rev. I mean the honest answer is yes, we thought they would resolve faster. It's not that we weren't aware this was a capacity issue. We needed to build capacity and specifically some of this at a third party. And honestly, getting that third party on took us a little longer than we expected. We set a really an OpEx team over there to try to work on it and the timing of the resolution took us longer than we expected on that one. Why am I have visibility to why I say it's better, because we're having a weekly call, I'm looking at their output on a weekly basis for both Revolution and Trio, and they're doing really well. I think they're delivering consistently. They're up and running. And so I have visibility, and that's why I have strong confidence. And that's why Wetteny has strong confidence that as we look in to resolve through Q4, we're managing through back orders right now. So we just got to get product out to market, and we're prioritizing the markets at the biggest ones and right now, and we'll get it to everyone by the end of this year, early next year. But when you're back, a few months on a product like Rev+, for example, in markets where that's a huge product, it takes a little while to get them fully back in supply. And that's why we have full confidence. We knew what the issue was. It was capacity there. With Librela and Solensia, it was component parts, and we knew we were competing as well. That's why Wetteny was talking about, we were making trade-offs between products there. We have that in full supply. A lot of these were some were COVID-related. Some of these were capacity related and some were component parts related. It's been challenging for many companies to work through this. But we are as a leadership team managing this very carefully as Wetteny and I said in the first and second quarter calls, constantly working with GMS, we have full visibility into what is happening for each of these products, and that's why we have confidence as to when they will resolve and when we'll get into full supply in key markets. So hopefully, anything else want to add there.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I mean, look, I'll go back to where I started. If you look at demand at the vet clinic, there's no question that it is fundamentally remaining strong. Current staffing and vet visits is ahead of where it was pre-COVID. So this is not like, Oh My God, everything went down, where are we going. It is a realignment. And I think what -- why are we confident in demand? Well, there are more pets, I mean, why we have a capacity problem is not actually that there are fewer visits, is there are more pets than we had before as we saw the sort of pandemic boom. The pet parents are more millennials. They spend more time on their pets, spend more money on their pets. They're more invested in the preventative care of their pets, which increases demand. So we remain very confident that demand is very strong. It has proved resilient through other challenging macroeconomic times. So what we need to work with vets on is how to better leverage vet techs and other ways to make sure that they can see as many pets as they possibly can. So we remain very confident, this is not a demand issue. It is a capacity issue. We have to create more capacity than they had pre-COVID. There's ways of doing this by helping them improve their productivity across the different spaces. But, I mean, just putting that in numbers, why are we confident there we're fine is, if you look overall right now, the spend per visit is up 9% and clinic revenues are up 5% in the quarter. We did see a 4% decline in vet visits, but that was over a quarter at unprecedented levels, if you look back to last Q3. So the veterinary industry is structurally and fundamentally in good shape. We have to help them create additional capacity for all the new pets we have, but I think demand remains strong.
Kristin Peck: Yes. I mean, look, we're holding -- by the way, we have tried to do that already. If you look -- focusing on resilience and managing inventory better. If you look at our inventory, we've invested a lot in making sure that we have component parts. As we see in our industry, being out of stock has a significant cost for the company. So we're certainly looking at how we can invest in that. But prudently, a lot of the buildup you're seeing right now is in raw materials and things like that to make sure we have on hand what we need to make it, and we're focusing that on our most important products. So you can manage a lot of this through inventory, assuming you have capacity. But if you look at the biggest challenges we faced this year, it was getting on board capacity in key products and getting some of the component parts for things like MAB. And we have figured that out, but -- in the sense of the MAB, and we do have the capacity online. So you do -- you can definitely leverage inventory in certain cases, except when your challenge is capacity or a component part. But I don't know if you want to add to.
Kristin Peck: A few follow-ups there. I mean, for starters, the comment on uncertainty had to do with the macroeconomic environment. The question is, we're still seeing very strong consumer demand, but there's still a belief that we'll have potentially a recession in Q1, Q2, Q3. It was not about increased uncertainty, to be clear, in supply. It was uncertainty as to the macroeconomic environment and what we'll be looking at into 2023 or even in Q4. So let me be clear, the uncertainty comment that was not related to supply. The only -- the comment I'll make is with regards to the China question. I mean, look, in Q3, China grew 35% even with these lockdowns, again, underlying what we've been saying, the demand for our products remains very strong. What's important there is, if you look like four or five years ago, it was a majority livestock business. It became about 50-50 last year between livestock and companion animal. And if you look at it right now, the lockdowns are clearly impacting livestock, but companion animal, and given its close to 50-50, grew almost double what you see as China's growth that. So even with the lockdowns, we really see China remaining a strong market for us and growing quite well. So I think we can weather those lockdowns. I mean, look, if we -- the lockdown staff, which does not appear based on the news in the last 24 hours, to be something that's going to be happening in the near term, you might see livestock recover a little faster than what it is. But again, even in this environment, even with lockdowns, you saw 35% growth in Q3 in China. So I would just underscore that.
Kristin Peck: Great. Look, thanks, everybody, for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, we continue to see strength across our diverse global portfolio, especially in our products for pet care and the fundamental drivers of animal health, as I've said throughout this call, remained fundamentally and structurally very strong. We continue to invest in talent and innovation, certainly in manufacturing expansions, as we've talked to you today that can support this future growth, while adapting and optimizing our business for the increasingly dynamic macroeconomic environment that we all operate in. We look forward to keeping you updated on future calls. Thanks so much for joining us today.
