Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you Kevin and let me go through the different questions that you have asked. In terms of the African Swine Fever, we expect minimal impact in terms of additional revenue generated in Europe and other markets this year. As we have explained, it will take some time to build the infrastructure to increase the number of pigs, our potential export to China. We see Europe, Brazil as the main markets for this type of exportation to China but we are not expecting a significant impact of that expansion in 2019. Definitely in 2020, 2021, it will be time for producers to expand their operations and then potentially export to China.  In terms of the submission on Simparica Trio in other markets like Brazil, Canada, Japan, well it's a work in progress. In Canada, we have already filed all the submission. In some other markets, we are now progressing the submission. And we expect also Simparica Trio to be approved in Europe, around September, October. What we got now is favorable opinion from the European Medicines Agency. Now the European Commission is expected to approve the product in September and October. And then we expect that to bring this product into the market in the first half of -- in the first quarter of 2020.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Jon. So we have filed for cats and we are in the process of filing also for dogs. We expect the product for cats, the monoclonal antibody for cats to be approved earlier than for dogs. And we expect that approval in 2021. And Glenn will cover the questions on OpEx and the growth rate moving forward. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you, Louise. The Nexvet portfolio, the monoclonal antibody that we mentioned that we have filed for cats, it’s coming from the Nexvet portfolio, while for dogs we have [multi-dollar] programs and we’ll be really submitting or filing the best of what we think would be meeting the requirements of the market.  And in terms of ProHeart 12, definitely we see opportunities to expand the market with ProHeart 12. Part of the sales will be categorized in ProHeart 6 but also at the same time gaining the share in the heartworm market. And also we need to consider the opportunities of ProHeart 12, also with the future launch of the three-way combination that will be included also in the same indications of ProHeart 12 plus the protection for pigs and fish.  Next question please. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: Let me start with the question on Chewy and also some alternative channels. So definitely pet owners are also now buying animal health medicines through these new channels, mainly for medicines for chronic treatment and paracitisides. All products are available in these new channels but always with regarded prescription every time when it’s a prescription product. We definitely see these new channels expand in the market and recent time the opportunity also to increase compliance. So we think that this can be definitely a positive for the animal health industry. And we think that at the same time also we’ll be continuing working with veterinarians to ensure that they remain at the center of any healthcare decisions.  In terms of the field for expansion, I will provide some rational for this expansion and then I will ask Glenn to go into some product details. So just to remember that in recent years we added to our portfolio APOQUEL, CYTOPOINT, Simparica, and all these products are reaching blockbuster sales and without any significant modification in most of the markets in terms of the field force.  Last year with the acquisition of Abaxis we expanded our portfolio to diagnostics. We incorporated the Abaxis field force into U.S. and in 2019 we have been also expanding diagnostic field force in international markets. In 2019 we have continued adding new products in companion animal, REVOLUTION PLUS during the year that, then ProHeart 12 in July and we've expected the launch of the three-way combination in 2020 and in 2021 monoclonal antibodies to manage the payment in cats and in future also in dogs. We have decided that it was needed to expand our field force in the U.S., not only in phase of these new product launches, but also to maximize the current portfolio that now also includes diagnostics. And we expect to adding these additional resources in 2019 and 2020, at the same time, we’re also adding additional expertise, and investment in new distribution channels, and also in direct-to-consumer programs.  Now, I would like now, Glenn, to provide some details of these investments.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Well as you said, we expect the new combination product in Europe competing with NexGard Spectra. Mainly the incidents of heartworm in Europe is much lower than in the U.S. So the resistances are completely different and the real opportunity for the three-way combination product is in the U.S. and where we expect now to be first to the market, because NexGard Spectra or other competitors are not announcing a launch soon. So, definitely we see a significant opportunity to gain share in the U.S. Also we expect that our portfolio will be even stronger in Europe and this also will have the opportunity to generate growth. In terms of other opportunities in the pipeline, well, I think that we are very pleased with all the products that we are now announcing, the three-way combo, Europe, the U.S. or in other markets, also Canada, Japan, Brazil. We also expect monoclonal antibodies for cats in Europe and the U.S. coming in 2021. And following that we expect also monoclonal antibodies for dogs and definitely we will continue working on bringing new vaccines into the market. So we are convinced that we have a very robust pipeline that will ensure our future growth in line for us in the market. Next question, please.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you for the question Dave. So, definitely the cat market is a market that we need to develop. But pain exists in cats and is something that today there are not valid solutions to manage the pain in cats. We know that there are two elements that we need to consider. First, the number of cats is lower than dogs. And also the number of medicalized cats is lower than the number of medicalized dogs. But having said that, we expect the monoclonal antibodies for cats becoming a blockbuster for Zoetis. It will take maybe some years to fully develop the market. But we are convinced that we will be bringing unmet need and opportunity will be a significant. We expect in terms of the ProHear 12 cannibalization from ProHeart 6, but what we see is that now Zoetis will be offering to veterinarians all range of solutions for pigs, fleas and internal paracitisides and will be for the veterinarians also to decide what is best for their dogs to use ProHeart 12 in combination with Simparica to use the three-way combination product or what they think is the best for protecting the animals. So even if there will be cannibalization, I think here what we need to consider is what will be the opportunity of this complete portfolio in terms of parasiticides. Next question please. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: Liav, so on the three-way combination product, it's probably a little bit too early to define the uptake efforts. We need to ensure that we have clarity on the labels, and it is something that is still work in progress. One, we have the label. And then we also have the exact timing of the launch. We will provide that maybe how much we expect adoption of this new product into the market and is it going to be launching in January and February or March. So it is something that still we don't have a certainty of the timing of the launch. And also, we need to still get the approval of the final label.  Poultry, it's an area that has been performing too well for Zoetis. We expect that poultry will continue -- for market segment will be continue growing faster than the average of the animal health industry and will be growing in line with this growth. For us, poultry, it's an area in where we are investing also in R&D. And we expect to bring new products into the market starting in 2020. That will be new vaccines with vector-operated technology that initially will be released in the U.S. and then later in European markets and all international countries. And definitely, it will be a surface of four categories in the world.  And as we see the consumption of animal proteins continue growing, consumers will need to move maybe two more chicken, even more beef, and maybe at least in some countries like China, some limitations in terms of pork consumption. But definitely pork is an area of investment. We have very strong portfolio of vaccines. And again, so we will be planning to launch vector vaccines in 2020 or 2021.  And finally, we are also combining our presence with medicated feed additives with vaccines, also with a very strong portfolio in terms of devices. We have the Inovoject, which is something that has highly significant value in the hatchery and other another segments of poultry and we also introduced products for automation in 2018 and 2019.  Next question. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: I don’t' believe that this will have an impact. The growth of population, the increase on the middle class, it’s increasing so much at the demand that it will be needed many different sources of feeding the population to meet that demand. And this will be as we have seen in other cases an alternative for people that prefer not to eat animal proteins, but still the demand for the consumption of poultry, chicken, beef, eggs, dairy will remain very strong. And I will also add fish to this list. So I don't expect that the animal health industry will be impacted because of this alternative. But this will -- definitely will offer to consumers options for their diet, which in my opinion is always that positive. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: So thank you very much for joining us today. Well as I said, we had very strong quarter. We have also increased our guidance, which is showing the confidence that we have in the performance of our portfolio. And additionally, we also share with you the good news of our pipeline and how this pipeline will be reaching to market in the next coming years. Thank you very much for your attention. 
Glenn David: Yes, so Jon just to start with gross margin and the step down that's implied for the second half of the year. A, first of all, in the first half, there were some items that were particularly favorable in terms of foreign exchange, as well as the 4% price increase that we experienced in the first half. Also, as you look to the second half, you're correct that we would still expect the growth rate for companion animal to be higher in the second half of the year than livestock, the absolute sales though for livestock are higher in the second half of the year, just based on normal seasonality, where in the first half of 2019 we had higher sales of companion animal in terms of absolute sales. So those are the drivers for gross margin.  In terms of the OpEx growth, you are correct that in the second half it would apply a deceleration in operating expense growth because of the impact of Abaxis. I'd also point that we do expect a slight change in seasonalization as well between Q2 and Q4 versus what we might have anticipated last year with a little more expense in Q3. As I sort of implied in the prepared remarks, I would not necessarily take that as guidance for 2020, the second half OpEx rate. Obviously we'll provide that as appropriate once we finish our 2020.
Glenn David: Yes, Erin, in terms of the timing for the expansion, really there are two main field force expansions that are undergoing in 2019. One is related to Abaxis and international expansion of diagnostic specialists. And we're largely complete with that hiring as of today. So that investment has already been made. People are in place and we expect to get increased revenue penetration in international markets with that field force now being fully operational.  The other key investments that we’ve discussed with the increase of the companion animal field force in the U.S. We respect those colleagues to be largely hired by the end of 2019. And then to be fully in their new position starting in 2020. So a majority of that investment would also be complete by the end of 2019.
Glenn David: Sure as I mentioned in the prepared remarks in the first half of the year Abaxis on a pro forma basis did decline versus the same period last year. That was really driven by the fact that Abaxis had two significant product launches last year that resulted in some additional distributor stocking for both the urine sediment analyzer and the Flex4 Rapid Test. That being said in second half of the year we expect to see double-digit growth for the Abaxis portfolio as we’ve seen very positive leading indicators that would support those projections for the second half of the year. We’re seeing less accretion in the U.S. in terms of instrument placements, also stronger instrument sales and we believe that will lead to increased sales of consumables. Also the fact that the international field force is now in place, we’re seeing good momentum to start beginning within our international markets. So we’re expecting double-digit growth in Abaxis revenues for the second half of the year.  In regards to price in the first half versus the full year, so we typically expect to get price increases of around 2% to 3% in any given year. In the first half of this year we’ve seen price increase of 4%, part of that outsized price is really driven by the fact in Q1 and Q2 of 2018 we had some promotional programs in our U.S. companion animal business that we do not repeat in the first half of 2019. That led to additional price.  All that being said we still expect 2019 to be in the range of 2% to 3% but probably towards the higher end to that range. 
Glenn David: In terms of the investments that we’re making in the field force, first, I just want to say that these are very positive investments that have a very strong return. So we’re investing in field force to support the existing products that are exceeding our expectations and a significant number of new products that are coming out in the future, those are very high return investments. So we would expect those to be margin accretive over time as we move into 2020. 
Glenn David: Yes, so just for the numbers for APOQUEL. I'll start with total derm just to give you overall total derm breakout between U.S. and international. So total derm globally we had a $182 million, a $127 million within the U.S., $55 million in international. At APOQUEL we had total global sales of a $133 million, in the U.S. $87 million and international $45 million. Obviously there’s some rounding there. 
Glenn David: In terms of gross margin, the 200 basis points improvement that we referenced from 2017, that was driven by the operational efficiency initiatives and some changes in our supply network that we were initiating. We are on track for that and expect to deliver the 200 basis point. At that time we said there’d be other factors that either positively or negatively impact gross margin over that same period. Those factors being price, mix, foreign exchange. Many of those have moved favorable for us particularly this year and those factors will vary year-over-year. So I would necessarily take some of the benefits that we’ve gotten this year from price mix and foreign exchange necessarily to carry over into the future years.  So we’re well on track for the 200 basis point improvement that we targeted as far as the operational efficiency initiative and some of the other factors have been beneficial for us in 2019. 
