Kristin Peck: Thanks, Louise. Good to hear from you. We are quite excited with regards to our pipeline. And I really think it is the innovative nature of Zoetis that has made us so successful. As you look at the pipeline, we’re excited about a number of areas, both across pet care and livestock. In pet care, continuing to innovate in the parasiticide space, it’s a $5 billion market. I think we can continue to bring innovation there, certainly, growing our osteoarthritis monoclonal antibodies for pain, Librela, Solensia continuing to innovate in the derm space. You saw us add Apoquel chewable in Europe, for example, there also leveraging that whole platform of monoclonal antibodies for other indications, we think is a big opportunity, really excited on diagnostics, the ability to continue to bring really disruptive innovation there. Certainly, our Imagyst platform and some of the new indications there is a great example. We also think taking a lot of our products and growing them in emerging markets will be valuable. And as you move into the livestock space, we’re excited about vector vaccines and poultry, vaccines in cattle and in swine and then really investing as well in our precision livestock farming and genetics portfolio. You probably saw we launched two new products there over the last few weeks. So we think there is significant innovation across both pet care and livestock and believe we have strong platforms in R&D for growth, investing over $500 million in R&D.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Sure. Thanks, Nathan. We are very excited at the trends we’re seeing in Librela in Europe. For starters, it is now the number one selling OA pain product in Europe, which is pretty incredible given it wasn’t even a full year in Europe. And what’s really exciting about that is we’re seeing 40% of the prescriptions of pets that are new to the category. So I think for a lot of pet owners who are worried about safety or efficacy of the previous portfolios, they really see this as really a game changer. And the people who have been on it, we’ve seen a 90% reorder rate from clinics and very high compliance. So once they are on it, really staying with it, which gives us great confidence as we look into 2022 that we can get Librela to be a blockbuster product. To your question about, does that assume a U.S. launch, it definitively does not assume a U.S. launch. We would not – with an approval late in the year, we would not be able to launch Librela in 2022. So that would hit blockbuster status just outside of the U.S. And as you look at some of the supply challenges, the inputs to Librela are the same inputs as you would make a human COVID vaccine. So we’ve been really thoughtful about where we launch and making sure we do market by market, ensure we can supply. We have had challenges intermittently just having to do with the fact that the inputs are the same. So I think our supply chain team has done a phenomenal job. I mean, as a matter of fact, we’re already the number one selling in OA pain, but we are really thoughtful about where we’re launching. A lot of those are getting addressed. The capacity and a lot of those component parts in human health have increased. So we become more confident every quarter we can do that. But that is what was driving some of the short-term intermittent supply challenges we had in Europe. But I think if you look at our obvious guidance for this year, we can clearly see if we’re going to hit $100 million that we’re pretty confident we can address those.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, Erin. Yes, if you look at the monoclonal antibody platform, we do see this very much as a platform for growth with Librela and Solensia being the second and third. As you know, we also have a Cytopoint. We are the only one with any monoclonal antibodies approved right now. So I do think we have a good head start. We do see this similar to what you see in human health with application across a number of diseases. So we have not been terribly public about that pipeline. I think we’ve talked about a few such as chronic kidney disease, etcetera. But obviously, in our world, our pipelines are not public, but we are very excited. We have invested in building significant capacity across monoclonal antibodies both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. in multiple facilities just given our excitement on the fact that this is a really important space. We do have a number of partnerships with human health companies and even some small animal health companies in this space. So we’re really excited at the pipeline and believe we can continue to launch new products, new mAbs over time. And I will let Wetteny take the diagnostic question.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I will start with your second question on just Librela, Solensia and international. They are solid. Look, we are really focused on increasing the medicalization and the adoption of new technologies outside the U.S. I think it’s been a key focus for Glenn David since he has moved into the international group. I mean as you know, there is a very similar number of animals in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And to your point, historically, the revenue splits have been quite different. But we are really looking at, especially in categories right now where we are the only product out there, derm is one, but even monoclonal OA pain, really thinking of unbranded, really seeing we can raise the standard of care, it’s a key focus for us as well on the diagnostics space, how we increase medicalization outside the U.S. I think it will evolve over time. And I am not sure when it gets to the equal number of animals. But really why we feel we have a lot of optimism international, if you think about some of the emerging markets, where they are adopting new technologies, and that curve is quite different. So, if you look at the increase in China, Brazil, across a number of emerging markets, they are really moving up that curve much, much more quickly. And we also see our belief that we can continue to do that in some of the key categories. And to your point and your first question, we continue to see growth potential in derm. We do not expect a competitor in 2022 in derm. Again, I don’t have any data, but you always ask me, why do I leave that, I mean based on just what I know today, we could obviously be wrong. So, we are going to invest aggressively as we have been doing in direct-to-consumer. We still believe there are 6 million untreated dogs in the U.S. alone who have itch and don’t have treatment. And if you saw the growth that we delivered in 2021 across derm, it’s 24% growth and already at over $1 billion, we still see growth in derm. Certainly in paras, we are going to aggressively grow that portfolio through direct-to-consumer advertising amongst other things in 2022 to make sure we have the highest share as we enter. I think the brand equity there has been really strong. So, we continue to see significant opportunities as well in paras. So – and I think you also can add in emerging markets across all these continuing to do really well. So, as we look at growth, obviously, growth will be led, as you referenced by our companion animal business in 2022. And I think what’s important is there is not one key platform that’s driving that. It is multiple. It is derm, it is paras, it is diagnostics, it’s mAbs, it’s emerging markets. So, we do think we have a range of platforms to continue to grow in 2022 and beyond.
Kristin Peck: Sure. As we talk about the pipeline, certainly oncology is in there. We don’t get very specific with regards to that. I don’t believe we have ever said anything specific with regards to oncology historically. It’s certainly an area we are looking at, but I would say some of the other focus areas we talked about, we used to think in the near-term will likely drive more value. As you look at Librela, as the outlook changed. I mean we think that taking a $400 million market that’s been established for a long time in doubling it is pretty aggressive. We are – we probably have more conviction in our ability to do that is what I would say just based on the first two full quarters that we have launched the product outside the U.S. So more confidence there and more confidence as well that we can take what is almost like a nonexistent market in the cat for Solensia and make that a $200 million. So, I am not sure we are willing to say above that. I think doubling a market as a pretty aggressive timeline – pretty aggressive there. But I do think our commitment and our conviction and our ability to do that and do it faster, certainly, I would say, is strong.
Kristin Peck: Sure. The one thing we have done with Solensia was the learning from Cytopoint. Certainly, as you bring new technologies and create new markets, it starts with really with your KOLs. So our plan, as you probably saw in 2021, which was first start with early experience with some of the key opinion leaders in each of the markets to get them experience, to get them talking for general practitioners to be able to call them and sort of hear their experiences seeing videos. As you think about, you made a really good point you have seen with regards to pet owners. We are also trying to provide tools for pet owners to be able to know when their cat is in pain. Cats do a great job of hiding it. So, that’s really been a focus on videos to show them what it looks like, so they can sort of notice it, giving a big awareness campaign there and then helping vets understand how to make it easier for people to either bring their cats in or there is some now cat-only clinics or the ability to have vets go out and do injections or have technicians go out and do injections. We are not focused right now on having monoclonal antibodies being able to be done by consumers at their house. This is a pretty advanced technology. Our focus is really on helping to raise awareness, increase the medicalization and make treating these cats easier either at the clinic or at home. There is really no reason, for example, technician, once the vet that has seen it can’t do the monthly injection at home. So, we are just seeing really positive, but it takes a thoughtful creation of the market. And as I talked about before, that would be our plan in the U.S. as well. We will start with early experience, get that – get the KOLs talking, get things of able to be seeing multiple cats. And that really helps us, once you get in the GPs, ensure that they are using it and they know how to do it successfully. So, that is our plan as we think about it.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Elliot. I will take the first, and I will let Wetteny take your second one on some of the specific international markets. As we talk about livestock, first of all, it has been hit much harder with COVID than the pet care space. Pet care has actually been a beneficiary of COVID. And it’s, by its nature, a cyclical industry. So, it can go up and go down. Ultimately, we believe as you look at sort of once we get past the DRAXXIN and some of the other big product LOEs, it will go back to mid-single digit growth. But if you double-click that a little way, obviously, the biggest challenge for us specifically has been cattle, and that’s really been led by DRAXXIN, which overall last year declined by 15%, which was in line with our expectations. We expect in 2022 to have a 20% decline as we had a full year with generic competition there. But there is a lot of bright spots as you look at different species to your point. You look at fish, they grew 23% in 2021. We see that as a fast-growing species with really positive fundamentals. We think poultry, which grew last year 6%, maybe a little bit more challenged, obviously, in the U.S. with some of the generic competition there. But we are really excited about some of the innovative things that we are launching there. We saw swine last year at 4%. So, livestock is not one, as you know, and it obviously varies by market. And I think it’s important to sort of note as you look at international, it was growing in livestock significantly last year. So, if you really pull out the DRAXXIN effect. As we look at livestock, we do believe it will go back to, for us and for the industry, mid-single digits. For us, we have just got to get out of some of these near-term LOEs. We are also excited about our pipeline there, which we think, again, can drive incremental growth above the market as we launch innovation into that sector. So, I don’t know, Wetteny, you want to take some of the specifics on the international markets, emerging markets, Brazil, China.
Kristin Peck: Thanks so much. I will start with the vet staffing. They are sort of short-term and long-term. We did see something challenges in the U.S. in December and January, given absenteeism with COVID, and that was sort of short-term. So, as you look at trends overall in the U.S., we continue to see those to be strong with 8% revenue growth led by a 3% increase in traffic and spend per visit at 5%. Double clicking on that traffic 3%, we think, again, it will get back to sort of what are our more normal trends. There has been a challenge, as you mentioned, given there are so many more pets being seen, making sure that the staffing levels at both the vets and the technicians side remain strong. We are really focused on partnering with both the ADMA and the ADMC in the U.S. and honestly, around the globe to ensure there is a reliable supply of vets and vet technicians. But importantly as well, to make sure that the veterinary profession and vet clinics remain really attractive jobs, and so it’s really partnering with different organizations to make sure that, that is the case. I would say everyone is aligned here. I think you are seeing significant increases in compensation for many of these vets. We firmly believe that they are doing the right things to make sure that they can provide the great customer care and pet care that they need to. But obviously, it’s something that we are highly invested in partnering across the industry to make sure that pets get the care that they need and the staffing levels remain high. It is a challenge given the very quick growth in the number of pets that were adopted over the last 2 years. So, the challenge is there, but we are really confident that in partnership with many other companies, pharmaceutical companies as well as vet clinics and associations, we can ensure that the vets and the vet technicians can meet that need. Do you want to – there is a question on Trio label extensions in the future. I don’t think we have been specific about what we are looking at there and we wouldn’t just for competitive reasons.
Kristin Peck: Sure. So, with regards to Solensia, yes, we are focused when we think about the long-term to ensure that we start with early experience. We build that market, and we will obviously launch shortly thereafter. But we are not concerned there on a supply issue. The plans that we have assume supply for exactly what we are planning on doing. So, that is not what’s driving that one. And derm in 2022, we continue to expect robust growth obviously with – right now, as we talked about, we are not expecting competition next year, of course, we could be wrong, but we are not. And therefore, we will invest aggressively, not just in the U.S., but outside the U.S. That does not, to your question, assume that we have Apoquel chewable in the U.S. and nor does that number that we are talking about in derm assume that we are having it for cat. So, we really believe with Apoquel, Cytopoint, Apoquel chewable outside the U.S., we can continue to drive robust growth in 2022 across the category.
Kristin Peck: Great. Look, thank you, everyone, for your questions and your continued interest in Zoetis. Just to summarize, I am really proud of what Zoetis delivered in 2021, having our best year ever. And we see that positive momentum really continuing into 2022, as I think you heard today from both Wetteny and myself, we will continue to build on our diverse global portfolio and really our strength in pet care, diagnostics and emerging markets to grow faster than the market in 2022 and beyond. And we are committed to the investments in talent, technology, manufacturing and innovation that will spur our future growth. So, thanks so much, everybody, and talk to you soon.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So let me take that first. With respect to Trio, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Trio and really the entire Simparica franchise. When you look at Trio, we delivered $124 million of revenue in the quarter. When you look across the franchise, we continue to see really strong growth. For the year, the franchise grew 82% across the board, so very pleased with that. And we’re putting significant investments behind the product and across Simparica as well in markets where you don’t see heartworm being prevalent. And so we’ve seen Simparica grow 13% on the year. And so we continue to make those investments in our field force as well as advertising and DTC campaigns across – our confidence is that we will continue to see growth even when this competitor is in this space. We have seen that in other cases where other products have come into the market. When you look at the fleet tick heartworm market, it’s the biggest market within animal health with $5 billion, and there are other products in the space that have better sizes of $800 million-plus. So as we look here, we continue to see more headroom to continue to grow this brand and this franchise even when there is competition. When I look at price, we delivered 1% of growth in price net in 2021. And we’re probably looking at about the same sort of range when we think about 2022. You have to keep in mind while we see opportunities to take price across the board, particularly in companion animal and behind our innovative brands and seeing really strong demand in the end markets. We will continue to pull that lever. In terms of what’s going the other way, as you’re aware, DRAXXIN is one with competitive – generic competition there with respect to that as well as Zoamix in BMD, we’ve seen that sort of partially offset, I would say, but we still delivered a net price increase in 2021 and we believe even as we look to offset inflation as we have done in 2021, we will have the opportunity to do that. We do look at price on a market-by-market and SKU-by-SKU basis. And so we deliberated about where we can be more aggressive, and we will take those opportunities as we go through.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. And I would just add with Librela in the fourth quarter, we were deliberate about holding back even new patients coming on. We just want to make sure that we can secure the inputs so that when it all comes on, they can stay on given that it’s chronic OA pain conditions. So – and we’ve been able to secure materials and be able to run, and we’re confident in in our forecasted demand here to be able to manufacture and deliver those.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, we continue to be very excited about the diagnostics space with growth above the animal health space in general. If you look at 2021, we delivered 21% growth in diagnostics across the year and particularly when you look at – although we grew both across U.S. and international. And we’ve always said that international was the more level playing field where we look to be aggressive and we continue to make investments across field force, reference labs, etcetera, here. You’ve seen us innovate in this space with Imagyst, the first AI platform with – indication. We look at additional indications coming on there as well. And so we will continue to make those investments, and diagnostics is one of our key growth drivers as we look ahead.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Let me take both. So, going to your first question with respect to Librela, as we said in the prepared commentary, we continue to anticipate approval sometime late in 2022, that is hedging on an inspection that the FDA has to do at a facility outside the U.S. By the time this product gets approved and as we continue to leverage our global manufacturing footprint and our plans, we anticipate having the manufacturing capacity that we need to meet demand across the market. Now, we will certainly leverage our learnings from our launches outside the U.S. in terms of how we go about executing that with respect to early experience programs, etcetera. But at this point, we are confident in our ability to manufacture to meet customer commitments across that product when it gets approved. Now, going on to operating margins, as we have said, we see opportunity to really invest behind a number of areas to drive long-term sustainable growth. And we are doing so, whether you look at R&D, investments in our field force, for example, investments in advertising campaigns, DTC campaigns behind our brands that we can really drive growth in – particularly in areas where we have an advantage like being the only triple combination in the U.S. as we speak as well as in the derm area. As we do that, we will be aggressive, but we are mindful to grow the bottom line faster than the top line. And that may narrow the range that you see from time-to-time. But certainly, the business has the ability to continue to expand margins, and we have demonstrated that. But we are going to be aggressive about those opportunities when we see them, which may narrow that range. In terms of how long do we continue to see that, as long as we see the opportunity to continue to drive growth and grab more share, we will execute on those, but be mindful of that value proposition.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, absolutely. Look, one of the most remarkable things, at least in my first year here, that I have come to realize is what we are seeing in terms of trends on companion animal not just in the U.S., but we are seeing them across the emerging markets. Now if you step back, international is still about just over 50% of our international revenues, our livestock and companion animal is about just over 40%. However, the pace of growth that we are seeing across markets, I am comparing absolutely phenomenal. Markets like China that used to be mostly livestock is now about 50% companion animal. And elsewhere, even when we talk about Brazil, we are seeing a really great year across cattle, etcetera. Brazil is growing double digits in companion animal. So, we believe those trends – those same reasons that are driving growth for companion animal, where pet owners prioritize the health of their pets and are willing to spend more on them, we are seeing those across international markets and we see those outpacing growth versus livestock, although we have seen livestock growth in international markets, as Kristin mentioned. It was 8% growth in livestock in 2021 across our international markets. And if you look at species, fish, for example, is 100% of our fish business is outside the U.S. So, that’s one area of growth that we anticipate as well. So hopefully, that gives you some color looking across international.
