Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Kevin, in terms of your question related to Apoquel and Cytopoint growth, so year over year, the Dermatology portfolio grew 47%. When you look at – actually the segment grew – Apoquel grew 47%, the segment grew 66%, so really Cytopoint, this was really the first quarter of full availability with full USDA license. So, it's almost 100% growth in terms of Cytopoint. So just to break that down again, the derm portfolio is 66% growth for the quarter, Apoquel 47% growth for the quarter.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Yes. In terms of the question on stocking in the quarter, there was no material stocking in the quarter. Perhaps in some markets, particularly Vietnam, there was some elevated sales in the quarter that will stall it. It's probably expect to reverse to some degree in Q2. The only other thing I would point out, particularly in the U.S. with Simparica, we had very strong sales of Simparica in the quarter. I wouldn't call that a stocking issues. It's more just the season for parasiticides in the U.S. and how the veterinarians typically make their purchases.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: And in terms of gross margin trending throughout the year. So, in Q2 we will still have somewhat of a negative drag on margin from the impact of the costs of previously produced inventory, but the impact will definitely be smaller than it was in Q1. Then as we get into Q3 and Q4, margin improves significantly as it really fully recognized the benefits of the improved costs that we were able to deliver as far as the operational efficiency initiative. So that should give you some understanding of the trending throughout the year.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: And in terms of revenue and guidance for the year. So when you look at the performance for Q1, on a global basis we delivered 6% revenue growth for the quarter. That's very much in line with our full-year guidance of 5.5% to 7.5%. So the performance in the quarter was in line with what we expect the year, which is why we believe the guidance that we have is appropriate from a revenue perspective. International performance was positive in the quarter at 9% revenue growth, but again, definitely in line with our expectations and what we would expect throughout the year.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: And, Erin, in terms of gross margins, so as you mentioned it is in line with our expectations for the quarter. And in terms of mix, there was some up and downs. As you mentioned, Companion Animal performed very well, typically some of our higher margin products. Also though, we had a decline in performance in some of our premium antibiotics, which are also very high margins. And International also had higher growth, and International in general has lower margins than the U.S. So, overall the mix ended up being neutral to our expectations and still kept us in line with where we thought we'd be for the quarter.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: Hey David, this is Glenn. Just to your other questions in terms of how the quarter relates to the full year. I'm not necessarily going to break down quarter by quarter, but just how Q1 relates to the full year. So, the 2% price increase that we saw for the quarter we do expect to be maintained throughout the year, and in general we expect to generate 2% to 3% price increase, so nothing has changed from that perspective. In terms of the tax rate, the guidance on the adjusted ETR for the year is 30%. We came in at about 28% in Q1, really driven by A, some discrete favorable items, and also the recognition of some of the benefits related to employee stock options and restricted documents, and the tax effect of those in the quarter. So those had a favorable impact in the quarter versus what the trending will be for the full year. And then related to other expense. So, our other income in the doc (48:25) line was favorable in the quarter really driven by two key things. A, we had lower hedging costs than we've had in the past and also we had the PHARMAQ settlement for the PD vaccine that Juan Ramon spoke about just before.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, Alex, in terms of the cash conversion as you indicate, as we get outside of the costs of the operational efficiency initiative and a lot of the stand-up costs, our cash conversion is improving significantly. In terms of how we'll prioritize those – that additional availability; A), we'll continue to look internally for areas of high growth and investment. We'll also aggressively look at business development as well as an area. In terms of dividends, we'll continue to grow our dividend pretty much at or faster than the growth in adjusted net income. And really where we'll exhibit flexibility in terms of returning capital to shareholders will be with share repurchase. We recently announced the $1.5 billion share repurchase program. We indicated that that was flexible in nature. Just for context, in Q1, we repurchased $125 million in share. And as we go throughout the year, we'll continue to evaluate the magnitude and pace of share repurchase.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: And also just in terms of – in terms of tax reform. As we've said, we do have more than half of our pre-tax income in the U.S., so a change in the U.S. rate would definitely be favorable to us. Really, the magnitude of that favorability will really depend on the totality of the legislation. And we'll understand that more as that becomes more clear.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: So, Chris, so in terms of the 200-basis-point improvement that we expect in gross margin through 2020, we do expect it to be gradual. It's not going to be necessarily one-step change. There are activities that need to occur over those three years to generate that 200-basis-point improvement, primarily in terms of moving products from one location to another for manufacturing. So that will be a gradual improvement. In terms of capital deployment and our debt ratios, we're still targeting a gross debt ratio of 2.5 to 3 and we believe that is appropriate for our company and that will be what we'll be targeting for the next number of years.
Glenn David - Zoetis, Inc.: In terms of the $50 million in sales that was a challenge to growth for 2017. That was really related to the product rationalizations and the fact that we still had $50 million of sales in those earlier in 2016. So really 1% impact in terms of growth for the year is what we're anticipating for 2017. We expected to see the majority of that impact in the first half of the year, so about 2% impact from the product rationalizations in the first half of the year, which is what we saw in the first quarter. We expect a similar impact in the second quarter and then minimal to no impact in the second half of the year.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, this has partly been affecting in terms of vaccines mostly in swine and we have been working with our PCV2 and M. hyo vaccine. We have been developing additional trials and the trials are showing very positive results in terms of efficacy and we are convinced that now we have a product which is very competitive and this product will gain momentum in the U.S. market. We also introduce now in the international market the PCV2 and M. hyo vaccine and also this vaccine also will generate positive growth in the international markets.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, let me take the question on livestock and cattle. So, we see the cattle business also showing that very positive trend, we still see that the herds are growing in countries like U.S. and also in Australia. Prices are also showing a positive trend. Most recently, on the news said that the cattle futures are 18-month high, which is also a positive. Also in the U.S., their feedlots and stockers are back to profitability. So, all this is indicating that the cattle business are showing a positive sign. For the year, we expect that for Zoetis, that the cattle will be growing mid-single digits which is positive and also the positive element that we have seen that the consumption of beef is also growing. Even in some parts of because of China consumption but these also accelerating exports. This is also helping producers to capitalize on investment that they been making in the last year. So, we see that I think the cattle business, it will be showing a positive trend, in general, for the market and also positive for Zoetis. We understand that in the first quarter we had some challenge, especially in the U.S. The challenge came from mild winter. It also generated a low risk profile for animals and then this affected our premium antibiotics. The other impact that we had in the first quarter in cattle was related to the implementation of the Veterinary Feed Directive; that created some challenge. In the cattle, especially in the small customers, they were not having a veterinarian associated with these operations. We expect also that this will be corrected in the coming months. But again, positive outlook for cattle, both in the U.S. and international. And now then, Glenn, you will answer the comment on stocking in the quarter.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jon. Let me answer the question on what was shown on that. Maybe a little bit background on these questions. So, we launched many products, many new products, in Companion Animal and then with these launches we decided to review the collaboration with the distributors in the U.S. and then as a result of this review in 2016, we decided, in agreement with the distributors, also to include in their promotional portfolio our vaccine for companion animals. The results of this collaboration was very positive for them and also for Zoetis. Then in 2017 we decided to expand this collaboration not only to vaccines plus some other products that they were responsible before, also to our parasiticide portfolio, REVOLUTION, ProHeart 6, and Simparica. All indicators are very positive, and now thanks to our direct presence together with the support of distributors, we have been increasing significantly our sales force in markets that we know that are highly competitive, and this additional volume that has been generating through all these regional portfolio has been also supporting the rest of the portfolio. Those that are affected by generic competition that, thanks to these newer studies, we are still performing in line with expectations, and we have not seen significant change on the trend of general impact in 2017. So overall, very pleased with the new way that we are collaborating with distributors. And one of the impact that also we have seen that's very positive has been the evolution of Simparica, that now we have our sales force, and the sales force of distributors supporting Simparica.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me start with the question on Nexvet, and then Glenn will provide the comments on the guidance and most of the performance being international. So on Nexvet, we just announced the acquisition, but it is an acquisition of a company which is based in Ireland, and we need to follow their regulations and the requirements of the Irish authorities. So at this point, I think we have a lot of limitations, and let's wait until this transaction is concluded, and then I will provide all details of what we expect from Nexvet; and also timing of new product introductions.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So again, let me start with the comment on monoclonal antibodies and Cytopoint. That's actually what we see with the addition of Nexvet, without getting into details of products or timing of launches. So definitely the innovation that we have seen at Nexvet in terms of monoclonal antibodies combined with the expertise that we have developed with Cytopoint and the manufacturing capability that we also developed at the time of Cytopoint – this will be a significant opportunity in combining Nexvet capabilities with our capabilities. On top of that, we have based on that present knowledge on how to commercialize monoclonal antibodies, and we see a significant opportunity of bringing to the market new options in terms of pain. Still pain is a main need (38:22) in the Companion Animal market, and definitely we see another opportunity of expanding the market with introduction of monoclonal antibodies for cats. So we see that it has significant strategic rationale on this acquisition, and we see also that this will generate significant value to Zoetis over time.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, this combination is a topical combination, and technically it will be focused on cats. But we also discussed that we'll be using sarolaner as a platform to develop other combinations. These other combinations will be oral, and they will be focused on dogs. Your question about when do we expect to launch on the U.S., this is not yet defined. We are working with the U.S. regulators on answering and developing all the details for a demonstration, but at this point we have not provided any timing of the approval. As we progress on the discussion with the U.S., then we'll provide the details on the timing.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, thank you, John, for the question. We are convinced it's an area of growing opportunity, and we know that already the farmed fish is exceeding the consumption of wild fish. Still, there is a lot of use of antibodies in these segments. We expect that these antibodies will be replaced by vaccines. PHARMAQ is a leader in terms of developing vaccines. We are very pleased with the interaction of a new vaccine in Chile for SRS, which is also helping the reduction of antibiotic use in this country. But then the next opportunity should be China, Vietnam and other countries. Already they are number one in terms of farmed fish production. And again, we are working on developing vaccines that will be targeting these countries. There was also the legal litigation in Norway. It's opening to us the opportunity of launching a new vaccine for pancreatic disease which is very important in Norway and it's also helping us really to support the rest of the portfolio in Norway. We communicated that in 2017 that we expect to generate $125 million and that will be a significant, growth. In the first quarter, also, we show very positive growth for PHARMAQ and we are expecting for the year to generate more than 30% growth in terms of PHARMAQ. So, the prospects are very positive and we'll continue investing not only in salmon in where we have most of our revenues to date, but also in tilapia and other fishes that will be important in the future. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Dave, and I will provide the comment on the outlook for Companion Animal and then Glenn will go to the details of tax and some of the questions that you asked including price. So on the outlook, so we have at least a 12% in Companion Animals. So we expect for the year that Companion Animal will continue growing at double digits and we think that this 12% it's probably a trend that we will see for the rest of the year. We should also have the benefit of the growth of Apoquel mainly coming from also the full introduction of international markets where now they are, some of the markets, they are now at launching pace. We also expect that Apoquel in the U.S. will continue growing. But now more than Apoquel, I think it's important to discuss about the Dermatology portfolio, including Apoquel and Cytopoint, but if we talk about Apoquel in the U.S., for instance, we are very pleased with the level of penetration in clinic. It's about 94% which is very good, but we only have 47% market share in terms of patients. So we still see opportunity for continue growing and taking share from steroids that still account for 30% of patients. Cytopoint, it's definitely has been very well accepted by the market, but still a very low market share in terms of patients, only 5%, but growing also very fast in terms of penetration. So, both products will drive growth and very important also Simparica in where we have seen very positive international growth. Now we have the benefit of this year of enjoying the full season so we have the product and we have seen that this product is performing that is positive for (47:07) performing extremely well. And one of the things that we've seen that is also helping that is the cooperation with distribution and we expect also that in the next coming months we'll see the impact, also, of our DTC campaign. So in summary, we expect that this 12% growth in companion animal will be maintained for a full year.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Alex, and the answer to the U.S. livestock. I think we expect growth in the U.S. for our livestock, but mainly it will be important to provide some details on the different species in livestock, starting with swine. We expect mid to low single digits, and we expect that the PCV2 vaccine will help also to gain momentum in terms of revenues. We also think that the swine business in the U.S. is also having the benefit of high exports. The exports are growing 18% in the U.S. and this is also helping the producers to generate profitable results, and we are now, in our opinion, having the portfolio that will be creating that growth in the rest of the year. In the case of poultry, poultry we expect that the market will be showing very little growth. But on the contrary, Zoetis will be generating positive growth and growing faster than the market in poultry in the U.S. And finally, in cattle. In cattle, we faced down that challenge in the first quarter. The challenge of a milder winter, low risk profile, that also had an impact in our premium anti-infective. Also, as I mentioned the implementation of the Veterinary Feed Directive, that also had impact on our medicated feed additives. We expect that all these challenging implementation that affected the small producers will be managed in the future, and this will help also to have the fuller use of our products in the coming months. In the cases that are positive for cattle that make us positive about this segment, prices are increasing, and as I mentioned, the future prices are hitting highest in the stock. Also, the placement of the feed lot increased by 6%. And very positive, also, the animals are now moved with medium size compared to heavy size in the future, which is also increasing the risk profile of these animals. And again, another indicator which is a positive in cattle is that as feedlots and stockers are back to profit. So all in all, we think that the cattle market are having positive prospects. And we have the portfolio in our company also to generate positive growth in the rest of the year.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for the question. But maybe it's important now that when we discuss about Apoquel and Cytopoint, we discuss combining this portfolio. Both our products are targeting the same type of medical conditions. It's true that Apoquel, they have more indications than Cytopoint, but it's still – it's something that the market is understanding fully, how to use these products, considering the dogs, considering pet owners' preference and also the decision of veterinarians. So, I think it's important that we are not trying now to identify how much will be coming from Apoquel, how much with Cytopoint. Definitely something that we'll be providing this information on actual, but I think the important thing is that we expect to generate $400 million to $500 million revenues in three years' time which is, in my opinion, an increase compared to previous estimations and is related to the reaction of the market. We still see significant opportunities for growing in international. In international, we have many countries where we still have on launching pace. But in the U.S., we see great opportunities, as I mentioned, if we take Apoquel and Cytopoint combined, the number of – the market share in terms of patients is about 50%, 52%. So still we have a lot of opportunities for continuing growing that in this area. We expect also that the growth also will come from increasing awareness of pet owners through our digital campaign in the U.S. So, we expect that they are still significant growing opportunities for our Dermatology portfolio in both international and the U.S. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much for joining us today. And we'll be pleased to have following – follow-up comments with our Investor Relations group that will also be pleased to interact with you. Thank you.
