Paul S. Herendeen: Yeah, I'll start, Kevin. Good morning. It's Paul. I'll start with the components of the growth. We had 6% operational revenue growth in the quarter and we recognize the goal was whole percentages here so there's rounding that comes into play but it was 3% from increased APOQUEL sales, 3% from the acquisition of the Abbott Animal Health products, 2% from price increase across the portfolio, and 1% from new products. Then the offset to that was about a 3% decline of what I guess we'll call revenues of all other products. And again, that is primarily related to the change in the business model in Venezuela and countries like India and places that were affected by our efficiency initiative. I hope that answers the question.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure. Louise, its Paul. Let me take that, and thank you for asking the question, Louise, because if you just take the headline and say, gee, we're looking at 2% to 4% operational growth in revenue next year, people say, what's up with that? So let's start with from the 2% to 4%, the operational efficiency initiative, the effect on SKUs, and now Venezuela and other markets where we're going to change our model, reduced that by some 600 basis points. You can see that if you look at that slide 18, 600 basis points. So there's 8% to 10% if you're thinking about what our actual expectations are for normalized operational revenue growth in 2016 v. 2015. And if you want to take PHARMAQ out of the equation and go what's the organic portion of that, it's about 200 basis points. So as you look at that slide, again I'll call everyone's attention to it, we tried our level best to help you think about the strength of 2016 because this is quite a strong year by showing you this waterfall slide. So 2% to 4%, 600 basis points on the efficiency initiative, SKU reductions, Venezuela, India, et cetera, gets you to 8% to 10%, and if you want to look at that on an organic basis it would be 6% to 8% by taking PHARMAQ out of the mix. Before I concede the floor, I want to say two things before I talk about 2016, because we did change from 3% to 5% operational growth to 2% to 4%. That is predominantly because we had previously articulated that range at the midpoint of our 2015 guidance for revenue. And as you saw, we had strong revenue in Q4, and for 2015 it was about $25 million higher than that. And that accounts for the change from 3% to 5% down to 2% to 4%. We feel really good about what we put on the table in 2015. And as we think about it, we really are excited about 2016, even though it will be masked a little bit by the changes that we are making to our model. Now last before I concede the floor, you asked the question about what could we expect in 2017. We expect a return to the same kind of solid growth that you would have expected in 2016 but for the change in the efficiency initiative. We're currently forecasting on an operational basis 5% to 9%. That's pretty solid, and that's being driven mainly by new products. Next question, please.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure, it's Paul. I'll take the Q4 margin. That was predominantly due to FX. Again, I would look at the full year and how we came out, and it was in line with what we were expecting. I know, Alex, we've traveled together a little bit. You look at a quarter; there can be a lot of variability that sneaks into the equation. You compare it against this, that and the other thing. Things happen in a 90-day period that smooth themselves out over the year. I would look at the 65%-odd margin that we put on the board for the full year, and that's indicative of the strength. But the one thing in the fourth quarter was FX. FX is hard to forecast when it flows through cost of sales, but it sure does. The second thing I think you asked a question about the share price. We're watching our company along with many others lose value, at least in the eyes of shareholders or people who are holding our stock. We continue to do what we can do. We're driving real fundamental value. You posed the question about our share buyback and the scale of that, et cetera. I'd point out that when we were last in the window I guess, which was in the early part of November, the stock was $43 – $44, I think, and I'm going from memory here, $43 – $44. And we elected at that point in time to increase the pace of our purchases. As everybody can do the math, we bought about $50 million a quarter through 2015. We're currently buying stock back at a pace of about $75 million a quarter. I know that's not a ton. But as I said also many times, we had a lot of calls on cash in 2016, but even so we elected to increase the pace at which we were wanting to acquire shares. So I hope that answers the questions.
Paul S. Herendeen: John, its Paul. I'll take the tax question. First let me just say we were very disappointed with the European Commission's kind of stating that the Belgium tax rulings like we had are illegal, and essentially nullified our arrangement there. We're disappointed because the Belgians have been very supportive; we've built a terrific operation there. I think I've said in a prior public forum, the Belgians on the contrary, have been one of the more responsible countries with respect to tax policy and how they used it to attract employment and investment into their country and it's a shame. So set that aside, we're very disappointed. It obviously was not something that we were planning on. And let's pretend that, that didn't happen for a second. We had previously articulated, we thought our tax rate in, call it 2017, would have been on the order of 28%, our adjusted ETR roughly 28%, and now it's 30%. So we lost a couple of hundred basis points there in 2017. But what I would suggest to you is, just as we had articulated with respect to our structure before this happened, we can grind that down, but we wouldn't be grinding it down. The frustrating thing for us is, we were doing pretty well, fine tuning our global operating model to be efficient and here we have to go back and we have to change course a little bit. So not something – it was not a happy day for us but we're responding the best way that we can. And I think the way we look at it is we just add 200 basis points higher ETR in 2017 and our job is to grind that down. Next question, please.
Paul S. Herendeen: I think there are two things that I'd be mindful of; one is how the SKU reduction plays out with respect to our revenues. You'll recall that we announced this program in the middle part of 2015, and so we're just starting to see here in Q4 an alignment to Q1 and Q2, the impacts of the SKU rationalization. And it will be relative to the prior year, it will be a significant factor. But we will have to keep our eye on. The second part is with respect to our cost, our efficiency initiative. We continue to ramp up the amount of savings that we are seeing flow through, and of course the first half of last year we had a modest amount of cost containment or that occurred in the first half, but that steps up and we currently are tracking, as you saw, with an 8% operational reduction in operating expenses in Q4, tracking at a much lower rate, so that will be a very helpful driver on the operating expense side in the first half of the year, and then that benefit, if you will, comparing back to the prior year will moderate over the second half of the year. I think that's about all we want to cover on phasing. Just lastly, I'll say it again and again and again, we look at our business on a yearly basis. Trying to – I know you have to and that's what you do and all, and we'll try to be as helpful as we can with respect to the phasing but we run our business on an annual basis. Next question, please.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure. I mean Jami asked a specific question. I think Jami was trying to get to where is our pricing power. For the full year, emphasis full year, our price added approximately – a little better than 2% overall but U.S. is about 2% and international was about 3%. Again, a lot of rounding here, but more price increases outside the U.S. than in. Next question, please.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure, I'll start. First of all, we expect to continue to be able to take consistent price across our portfolio. That's a driver. Second is there's a significant impact from new products in 2016, which frankly will be an even bigger impact on 2017, and then just performance of our portfolio. When I say new products, I'm focusing on the ones that you can see that make a difference. I'd point out that we have lots of new products that we don't talk about necessarily individually and maybe individually don't move the needle, but in the aggregate they sure do. 6% to 8% normalized operational growth in revenue next year would be terrific, and then again going into 2017 new products help even more.
Paul S. Herendeen: Sure, I'll start with the discussion around expected cash flow. Recall that we try to call them out each and every quarter. We have a large amount of expenses that we're incurring with respect to: one, the standup from Pfizer; second, the operational efficiency initiative; and now we add to the list a potential true-up of our international taxes in light of the EC's comments. If you look at our guidance tables, we call out the amount or the expected amount of the acquisition costs that we expect to incur in 2016 and then again in 2017. Those are I would call them – they're not normal and they will go away, and most of them will go away towards the latter part of 2016. But in 2016 it's a fairly significant call on our cash. Secondarily, we continue to be in a phase of investing in our supply chain. We continue to invest capital there, so our CapEx is tracking at a rate that exceeds our ongoing depreciation rate, so net-net we continue to invest there. Of course, we called out that we now have a program that everybody can do the math, where at least the current expectation is we're purchasing shares at the rate of $75 million a quarter. It's $300 million this year plus our dividend. You can do that math. And those are other than our earnings are the things that you need to take into consideration when thinking about our cash flow. I don't want to stop without speaking about efficiency of working capital. That is something that is to come. It's not something that you would see necessarily in 2015 and not in an enormous way in 2016. By the end of this quarter, we expect to have our ERP system up and running in all of our locations around the world, which is going to give us the ability to then implement tools, to much better manage primarily our investment in our inventories. Our receivables, I think we do a pretty good job there, and we certainly do the same things as everyone else with respect to payables. But we will not start to see some maybe significant cash flow from the improvement in cost of working capital really until 2017. I wasn't specific there, David. I wasn't specific for the reason we don't want to provide specific guidance with respect to free cash flow, but I believe we've provided each of the components that will enable you to look out to 2016, 2017, and then beyond. I think when you get out into the latter part of this decade, our depreciation should start to normalize at a level close to our depreciation amount. I'll stop there.
Juan Ramón Alaix: I will add a comment here, Alex. I think that in many cases our company is still associated with the human pharmaceutical industry. And discussions on prices, for instance, have been affecting the human pharmaceutical industry, while this should not be having any impact in our share value. Our prices, as I mentioned in my comments, are completely dependent on third-party payers. We price based on the value that we can demonstrate to our customers, and our customers are not only buying and paying the products they buy from us. So this is something that in my opinion should be also included when different investors or analysts also define the value of Zoetis and also the value of the animal health industry in general.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So thank you, Erin, for your question. In terms of the launch of SIMPARICA, we are ready to launch as soon as we get approval from the FDA. We're also ready to launch not only in U.S. but also in the European markets. And the team is ready, the plans are in place, and we have a product to supply to the market. You also asked a question about the livestock progression in the U.S. And definitely we have seen that in general the livestock has been performing well in 2015. In terms of the quarters, the fourth quarter has been stronger than expected because already in the last year, we reported very strong revenue growth, and in this year also we grew significantly. And in terms of the different areas of livestock, we see also opportunities in cattle, we see opportunities in poultry, and we see opportunities also in swine. We expect also in 2016, the momentum will continue. We see positive trends in the cattle industry, mainly on beef; that we expect that the number of animals will increase by 3% or 3.5%. And this will expect, also will drive additional use of animal health products. And you also asked about...
Juan Ramón Alaix: The flea and tick and the heartworm. Definitely, our R&D team is working on developing this product and finalizing all the information for submitting all the dossiers to the FDA. We have not yet communicated when we plan to have this product into the market. As we get closer to the finalization of all the different filings, then we'll communicate to the market. And this has not been included in our guidance for 2017. So next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So we have had supply issues for APOQUEL, and the supply issue has been resolved now. We have now the process for the production of the active pharmaceutical ingredient that had been the bottleneck of manufacturing APOQUEL. We have a process which is much more robust and much more consistent. And we are really producing all the product that will be delivered in 2016, and we'll increase significantly the supply to the market. We are also planning to expand APOQUEL to the rest of the world in where the product has been approved, and we plan to do that in 2016. So we are convinced that APOQUEL will deliver significant growth and all the issues that we faced in 2015 will be behind us. We also reported in 2015 that the implementation of the new ERP also created some issues in terms of deliveries of products into the market. We are very pleased now how the implementation of the ERP has been now performed in the U.S. We have now 90% of our orders delivered the same day, which is a significant achievement, and we are working on improving there, the rest of the functions that also are provided to the customers. We expect that also the ERP, will be supporting our operations in a very efficient way in 2016. And this is something we plan to finalize all implementation of the new system in this quarter, and then moving forward, to maximize the way that we'll be supporting our business.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Chris. What we evaluated very carefully when we decided to reduce SKUs on how will be the impact to our customers, we made sure that none of the SKUs that we are eliminating has no alternative to our customers. These alternatives can be from our competitors or can be alternatives, in our portfolio. The 6% impact in our revenues is the net result of reduction and also the assumption that some of these reductions of SKUs will be moved to other SKUs in our portfolio. In terms of reaction from our customers, I think in some cases, well, they will like to have these products in their portfolio, but they also understand that more important than offering 13,000 SKUs is ensuring that we have a reliable supply. What we want to make sure that when they place an order, they get the order on time to treat or protect the animals. And this is one of the important strategic rationales for our SKU rationalization. It was not only to improve gross margin, but also to ensure that our supply to the market is much more consistent and we can meet all customer submissions. And then Paul will take the question on the phasing in terms of quarters.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jami. And I will try to answer both questions. So in terms of the 2%, so the 2%, as you mentioned, it's a global increase. And in terms of where we see this 2% in the different geographies, definitely we have been very consistent in the U.S. with price increases of around 2%. And in the rest of the markets, it depends. So in high inflationary markets, we increased significantly the prices to compensate for inflation and also to compensate for foreign exchange. In some markets where the economies are – the inflation is very stable or probably not having any inflation at all, so we are also trying to adjust our prices based on these situations. So in Europe or Japan and some other markets we have been increasing prices but at a lower rate than in the U.S. or some of the markets where we had the opportunity to increase the prices because of inflation. The second question was related to the consolidation of the industry and the top four or five now animal healthcare companies represent almost 70% of the total market, which has already been increased significantly from some years ago. Do I see opportunities for further consolidation? I think there are still opportunities, especially on the second tier of companies, after these four or five companies we see opportunities for the consolidation. We expect now the merger of Boehringer Ingelheim and Merial being completed, there's another round of consolidation, and maybe in the future also we'll see some additional consolidation. Definitely the consolidation would be limited because of antitrust issues, but without these antitrust issues or managing these antitrust issues, definitely consolidation can represent a good opportunity for the animal health industry. The last comment I want to add is that the top 10 companies in animal health represent something like 80% of the total market. On the 20% which is remaining we have maybe hundreds of companies that in -where I expect that this will be a significant consolidation here. And Paul will add some comments in terms of the pricing.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Doug. In terms of the increase for APOQUEL, so let me start saying that we have now two sources of the production of API and the second source that will be a company in Switzerland which is called Siegfried will double the capacity of the production of the active pharmaceutical ingredient. We plan to now offer APOQUEL to more veterinarians and also to offer more available product to existing veterinarians. At the same time, also the plan is to introduce the product in the rest of the markets where the product was put on hold because of product availability. So we are convinced that during 2016 we'll be able to meet all the demand from the market. In terms of MFAs, I think MFAs in our case continue growing very strongly and we have the advantage of – that's right this is the diversity of our portfolio. It's not only diversity in terms of therapeutic areas or in terms of different types of products, but also within the MFAs we have a lot of diversity. And for products that will be maybe facing some challenge because of changes on the approach of the use of antibiotics, and I mentioned in the medical important antibiotics in MFAs with indication of a growth promotion, this will be eliminated but in our portfolio we also have a non-medical important antibiotics in MFAs that can be a good replacement for those that will be eliminated. We have in total in MFAs $500 million in sales and we grew operationally in 2015 by 8%. So definitely we expect that those are probably the only indication of growth promotion which are medically important for human health that will have an impact in the revenues but this impact will be minimum. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: The APOQUEL sales, I think we had more than $100 million in 2015. It's about $110 million. This was below initial expectations. And the only reason for that was that ensuring that we have enough product to supply to customers, and not increasing the number of customers having access until we have the certainty that the product would be available. Now we're having a situation that we increase significantly the production, and we'll be able to increase the deliveries to our customers. Globally in international markets, I think we had about $40 million, and then the rest was in the U.S. But it's important to understand that in international markets it was very limited number of countries where we have the product available in the market. You also asked about components of our organic growth, 6% to 8%, and Paul will provide the details of this.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And, Mark, let me correct the total revenue that we generated internationally. Internationally was $20 million and then the rest was in the U.S. And I want to insist that in the international markets we have very limited number of markets and also limited supply. So the potential in both U.S. and international is much higher. So next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: You also asked about the quarterly progression for 2016. Let me provide a couple of comments here. So first we expect that the new product launches will have no impact in the first quarter and we expect that these products ramping up during the year. Also APOQUEL, we expect that the biggest impact we'll see from the second quarter of 2016 as we also extend the product availability in the markets where the product has been already introduced, and we also launch in new markets. In terms of expenses of course, also our efficiency program, will have much more impact in the second half than in the first half, because in the second half, we plan really to complete most of the actions that we took as part of the announcements that we made in May, and this also will have a positive impact in our results in the second half of the year. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So Thank you, Kathy, for the questions. In PHARMAQ, what we communicated is that we plan to generate that revenue for $100 million in 2016 and $125 million in 2017 and at the end of the year PHARMAQ reported revenues of close to $80 million, so we see a significant increase in terms of our revenues. What we saw during the due diligence when we acquire in terms of the pipeline, it's performing now with the launch of the product in Chile that it was under this emergency license. And we will continue progressing in the plans that we have for PHARMAQ. So we are very excited about the opportunities of PHARMAQ. We are working also in terms of integrating the two companies, but ensuring that PHARMAQ remains a leader in aquatic health with enough identity to maximize the relationship with the customers that they already built through many years. In terms of the comments that you made, in France, definitely in 2015 we saw an impact because of the change of the legislation in France. This was affecting antibiotics. We expect also that antibiotics will continue having discussions and restrictions in some of the markets. This has been incorporated in our guidance for 2016 and 2017. And we also think that the projections that external sources are making about the total animal health industry and also the growth in antibiotics are consistent with what with our projections. So the industry will be growing about 5%. Antibiotics is expected to grow at half of this rate. The advantage for Zoetis is that it will have in our portfolio, antibiotics which are injectables, which are considered as premium antibiotics that are kept by veterinarians as a resource to ensure that they are treating and in some cases protecting also animals against infections. So we are confident that the impact that it will have in antibiotics will be lower in our revenue, but in any case all these elements have been incorporated in our projections. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jeff, for the question and definitely the Sanofi/BI merger will create a very strong competitor. It will be the second largest animal health company in our industry. But we don't think that the combination of the two companies will create additional competitive challenge to Zoetis. We have the scale, we have the diversity, and we have the business model that has been proven very successful in the past and will continue also being successful in the future. The productivity that we have in R&D is also showing very high levels. So we are confident that we'll continue growing in line, or faster than market. So we are projecting in fact in 2016 and 2017 we're growing faster than market despite of Sanofi/BI or despite of all these additional consolidations in our industry. Sanofi and BI, they are two European companies that potentially can be, maybe an opportunity for tax inversion, but also creating significant anti-trust issues to Zoetis. So we continue assessing opportunities that, to further consolidate, not with the only objective of saving on tax, but a combination of synergies that we can generate in terms of revenue, in terms of costs, opportunities on reducing our effective tax rate, and definitely creating a value to the company. Next question, please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Yes. I said that SIMPARICA product is ready for launch and as soon as we have approval for FDA, we'll be launching that in the U.S. and also in Europe. So we have the product in our warehouses.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you very much. And thank you for joining us today. As we continue through 2016, we are determined to make the most of our business model, our interconnected capabilities and the fundamental drivers of growth in animal health. We'll complete our operational changes, becoming less complex, more efficient and more agile. And we'll invest in growth opportunities to strengthen our business. I am confident that these steps will help improve our margins, better serve our customers and build shareholder value over the long term. And I look forward to reporting to you on our progress in each of these areas. Thank you very much.
