Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Erin. As you think about U.S. livestock, as Glenn mentioned, overall U.S. livestock was down 4%, but there was lots of different trends in there. U.S. cattle was up 6% in the quarter. And I think if you look at that, that was driven by later-than-expected entrants in the generics. So we were expecting more entrants sooner. But to your point, we don't really think it's going to end up playing out any differently by the end. And so what do I mean by that? If you look at that, we think the entrants will come, we think once they do, we'll likely end up -- if you look at generics, it's certainly 20% to 40% on penetration. And what we said is we think that's likely what it's going to be with DRAXXIN, both in the U.S. and in the EU and really around the globe. But as you think about that, it's likely going to happen a little bit later in the year. So we did do better in the beginning of the year. But if you look at that and you compare it to how we did internationally on DRAXXIN more specifically, so although you saw 6% growth in DRAXXIN in the U.S. internationally -- sorry I meant overall DRAXXIN internationally is actually down, and that was because we did have a multiple entrants sooner in that. So I don't think livestock really is going to play out any differently. We did see, as Glenn mentioned, a decline in poultry overall. And there is some seasonality obviously if you think about cattle. Swine was down and poultry. But overall I think we continue to remind, if you look at livestock overall for us, it was up 8%. I think what often people underappreciate it is that 60% of livestock is outside of the U.S. And although we focus a lot on U.S. cattle, the growth as you saw in China across swine which had 128% growth, and in Brazil still meant livestock did quite well. As you think about the parasiticides, I'll let Glenn sort of take some of that and get into some of the more specific trends.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks, Louise. We look at some of the trends you've seen this year, and a lot of these are more sustainable on the pet care side. And I think the trends, that I'll talk about in a second, are a little bit different on the livestock side. What you've been seeing over the last few quarters is an increase in revenue per visit. That has been sustainable. And as we looked last year at the sort of 10%, again as we talked about in Glenn's remarks, a 10% increase in revenue per visit. And what's been driving that is there's increased pet ownership, and that really has maintained. People are continuing to spend more time with their pets. I think you see the trend of these new pets being adopted by millennials and Gen Z, and they spend more on those pets. So we see that as a trend that will continue to drive growth overall for the industry. And then these pets will ultimately age. And as these -- all these new pets age, a lot of our chronic products will become even more relevant. I think this is also driving important growth in our diagnostics business, which grew 47% in the quarter. Again, pets can't tell you what's wrong with them, so I think vets are getting really increased focus on doing diagnostic tests in a lot of these wellness visits. If you think about livestock, I mean there's two trends to look at. One is just when we produce more protein as people go out more, really what you're going to need to see to be significant improvements here globally as an increase in travel and entertainment. And I think we're now seeing people going back to school, maybe going back to work, maybe traveling from personal. But getting that travel and entertainment industry back up will help drive the growth in livestock globally, I think, over some of these coming quarters. So slightly different trends, but we continue to remain bullish. And the way we see our growth is with an increasing pet care business. We see great growth in pet care from everything from our in line, our products, our derm, our new mabs. Looking at increased growth in China and Brazil, which again as we talked about, we think is sustainable. And then lastly, continued investment in growth in our diagnostics business, which we're quite excited about.
Kristin Peck: Sure. We're -- as you probably know, we began the early experience in the EU, and we'll be launching formally in Q2 for Librela. The early experience information that we saw was really, really positive. Both -- obviously it's got a strong safety profile. But the efficacy, it's working very quickly faster than I think some of our customers expected. And they're seeing significant improvements in the quality of life and in the pain of these dogs. So we remain very bullish that customers are looking for an alternative to the products in the market right now. And we've seen a really strong uptake in that. This is still a significant market. If you look at sort of $90 million in the EU today, 40% of those dogs have OA, and currently only 28% of those are treated. So the early experience data that we've seen to date and the early launch makes us very optimistic for the success of this product. And as we mentioned before, we expect this product to be a blockbuster.
Kristin Peck: Okay. I'll take the first question, and then Glenn can take the second one. Although protein is global, the dynamics are very different in each species in a few ways. One, obviously if you look at consumption, as people move into the middle class they're generally starting with milk and then eggs then poultry. Then they move up to swine and then beef. There's also differences geographically on what people consume. Obviously, China is a huge swine market. That's not true in the U.S. where you see probably more poultry and beef. So there are really different consumption trends as well. The other real big differences is who produces in each market in each species, how much is exported. In the U.S., there's a significantly larger export market for poultry and for swine. So there's very different dynamics for each of the different species as people trade up and trade down different protein sources. As you think about where people are sourcing those processors who are big export markets versus internal production. So -- and it does lead to very different dynamics. The other major dynamic you should think about is that the ability for each producer to change their supply is actually quite different. Once you have a supply of cattle, they take many years to grow. You can't all of a sudden pare back in cattle. Poultry producers can decide not to use a bunch of eggs and grow chickens, which only take a few months. So it's very different in their ability to react to the market, and therefore you do see different decisions being made. And you probably saw in the papers today, there's huge demand for poultry right now, and I think poultry producers are going to have to sort of start scaling up. They can do that quickly. They can make those decisions and expand their flocks very quickly. That is a very difficult thing, it takes a lot of time for a swine or a cattle producer. So that's why you sometimes see some of these different dynamics across species.
Kristin Peck: We are quite excited with regards to our innovative portfolio in both companion and livestock. And as you think about companion animal, we're really focused on continuing to grow our franchise in parasiticide and look for additional products there. Continuing to look at exciting areas such as additional add-ons in our dermatology portfolio. And really, we think the platform of our monoclonal antibodies goes way beyond pain, to be honest with you. There's lots of other chronic and other conditions. We think that technology will help with and super excited about our portfolio in diagnostics. Really building new indications with our images platform, our AI, cloud-based diagnostics expanding reference lab. So I think there's a really bright future as we look at continuing to expand our pet care portfolio globally. So Glenn, I don't know if you want to take the question with regards to inflation.
Kristin Peck: I'll start and let Glenn build on this. We are very optimistic on Trio, and ultimately it probably changes the curve a little bit of how fast we get that competition on the market. But I think it's important, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, these products still grow even when competition enters. And I think this is something we keep underscoring. When compared to there to market. It is growing like crazy and taking share. I think when you put the marketing muscle, the technical experience muscle of Zoetis behind the product. Even with competition, we still expect these products to grow. So we will probably build our share faster but we do expect even with competition that these products in these categories will continue to grow also bringing more people into prescription products versus some of the over the cattle, really bringing new solutions I think we'll continue to grow these products in the longer term. I don't know if you want to build anything that and address the life back one.
Kristin Peck: Yes. So just when you look at our overall livestock portfolio globally, we grew about 8% this quarter. As you mentioned, that was really driven by the international growth of 17%. As we said in our February call, we do expect that globally, the livestock business will grow in the low single digits. That hasn't changed materially based on the strong performance that we saw in the first quarter. So with that growth, we would expect international livestock to grow more rapidly than the U.S., really driven by the dynamics with China and Brazil, but still expecting low single-digit growth for our livestock business for the year.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Thanks. As you think about pet care, we've been having a few quarters with 10% or higher revenue per visit. That has been -- continued to be sustained. We think the trends driving this is the increased pet ownership, which hasn't changed. There was a little bit of a fear, as we were in Q3 of last year with a lot of these dogs being returned or cats returned or re-homed, and we really haven't seen a significant trend there. So we think the increased pet ownership even if people go back to work, most people are going to have flexible arrangements. They're still going to be home with their pet more than probably they were before. And they build a bond with those pets and they notice things and they build habits that we think will be sustained as we do that. And again, the other important trend here is who is owning these pets? Millennials and Gen Z, who tend to spend more pet. So we really continue to see pet ownership trends and spend for pet continuing. I mean is it going to be 10% every quarter? I'm not so sure. But historically just to remind you, I think it was 5% to 6% historically. So it's still a very strong growth driver overall for the industry, and I think these trends may be higher than what it historically has been on a go-forward basis, just given who's adopting the pets and increased focus on the pet is an important part of the family.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, David. I have to say you have a very good list there of potential reasons. I mean the honest answer is we don't really know why there are specific delays? And are they dissimilar delays for different companies. It's very difficult for us to assess that. There's not a lot of great details information. So I mean our list of the ones that we consider were all the ones you just mentioned, to be perfectly honest. But which one it is for which company? I'm not really sure. I mean some -- maybe because they launched their first litter, for example, one of the companies. But for the others, it's not exactly clear exactly what is driving those delays. So I wish I could be a little more helpful here, but honestly we don't really know.
Kristin Peck: Okay. Well, thanks for your questions today and for your continued interest in Zoetis. We look forward to keeping you updated as our business throughout the year and continue to deliver our results and innovations that you and our customers expect. So thanks so much. And stay well, everybody.
Glenn David: Yes. So thanks, Erin. So from a parasiticide perspective, we had a really strong quarter with the Simparica franchise, 133% growth in the franchise. Great performance from Simparica Trio with $90 million in the quarter alone, and Simparica also delivering $74 million with 38% growth. In terms of seasonality, we typically do see Q1 and particularly Q2 being the stronger quarters from a parasiticide portfolio perspective, particularly in the U.S. However, as we do see Simparica Trio on a ramp-up curve, the impact of that seasonality may be a little different this year as we do expect to continue to increase our clinic penetration and adoption and market share within the clinics as well. So there definitely is some seasonality within the parasiticide portfolio. But with the continued ramp-up on the product, it may not be as severe as you would typically see with an established product.
Glenn David: Yes. And I just want to make other comments on China, Mike, to your other question as well. We did have $123 million in sales. Q1 typically does tend to be the larger quarter of sales for China. So that necessarily isn't one that you would run off of for the rest of the year. But to Kristin's point, I'm very excited about the growth prospects that we have for China for the year. In terms of the OpEx, we grew 8% in OpEx in the first quarter, which is pretty indicative of what the guidance range would indicate for the year. But there'll be different dynamics throughout the quarters to that. So for Q1 with the growth of 8%, that really was driven by a lot of the incremental DTC that we had for Simparica Trio in the quarter. And also, we didn't have savings from T&E in Q1. We had the savings from T& E in Q1, because in Q1 of 2020, that was pre-COVID. We still had our elevated T&E spend. As we move throughout the year, obviously we're not going to have that benefit. So the impact of the incremental DTC for Simparica Trio will be there, but we also increased our spending for DTC for Simparica Trio throughout the year last year. So a number of different factors, but the overall level of growth for the year perspective is pretty similar to what we saw for the quarter.
Glenn David: Sure. So in terms of the overall top line step-up in the guidance, there are a number of factors that drove that beyond just companion animals. So obviously very pleased with the performance of Simparica Trio, and that is definitely one of the drivers for the guidance range. But as Kristin mentioned, also very strong performance in China, off to a very strong start to the year. Strong performance in Brazil as well, Brazilian market grew 48% for the quarter. So that's off to a very positive start. And then our diagnostics business as well. We had 47% growth in our diagnostics business in the quarter. So many of our key growth drivers for the long term performed very well in the quarter, which also then enabled us to raise the guidance for the year. So it's across a number of different of our key strategic growth drivers that enabled us to raise that guidance. In terms of poultry in the U.S., we did see some challenges this quarter as our producer customers did move to some cheaper alternatives from our products. That is something that we'll evaluate through the year. We do expect that there will be a movement back at some point to our products, but that's something that will evolve over time in terms of the efficacy that they see from those cheaper alternatives compared to our more premium products.
Glenn David: And regarding diagnostics, a very strong quarter for our diagnostics portfolio. We grew 47% in the quarter overall. And that growth was really balanced from many different areas. So we saw the U.S. grew 59% in the quarter in diagnostics, with strong growth in our consumables really pulling through the increased instrument placements that we saw last year really drove increased consumables in the quarter. Also strong performance for our reference lab business and increased growth in our instrument revenue as well. So really strong performance in the U.S. And also for the U.S., it was an easier comparative period to Q1 of last year as well. International, very positive growth as well, growth of 24%, again really driven by strong growth in consumable usage in the international markets as well as increased instrument revenue as well. So very balanced strong growth in our diagnostics portfolio in the quarter. And we think that sets us up well for the year, and we do expect that our diagnostics business will outpace the growth of the overall diagnostics market in 2021.
Glenn David: No, I'll move to the second question in terms of the OpEx spend and what we there are a number of different areas that are driving the incremental OpEx this year. Part of it is a normalization from the COVID impact in 2020. We would expect that T&E expenditures would begin to increase, particularly in the second half of the year. But also our compensation costs as we ramped up hiring some positions that may have been on hold, with the impact of COVID, were just more difficult to fill. We are increasing our hiring really to support the strength of many of our key brands and to continue the growth there. From a DTC spending perspective, we would expect more DTC spending this year driven by a couple of different factors. A, we have some Simparica Trio on the market for the full year. So we will support that with advertising expenditures for the full year as well. And we also continue to see strong growth in many of our brands, such as our dermatology portfolio, and will continue to increase and support those brands those brands of direct-to-consumer advertising, not only in the U.S. but outside of the U.S. as well where we are increasing our DTC spend behind many of our brands, including Simparica as well as our dermatology portfolio. So there are a number of areas will spend really to support the significant revenue growth opportunities that we see not only for this year but for many years beyond.
Glenn David: Sure. So from a Librela gross margin perspective, I'll start with pricing for Librela, which is very important in terms of the overall profitability of the product. Now that we've launched in the EU, we have priced that product at a premium to the current therapies on the market, really consistent with some of the other products that have brought significant innovation in some of our other categories, such as dermatology. You would see Librela price at a premium similar to that. So we would expect that Librela will be a high-margin products consistent with the overall companion portfolio, which typically is above our overall gross margin level. So that will be a positive contributor to gross margin over time. In terms of ASF and our development for vaccines, as we've said before, this is a very complicated disease state. It's going to take many years to find a solution. We are active in those development studies, but it will be a multiyear time frame before we find a solution for African swine fever.
Glenn David: Yes. So from an M&A perspective and our areas of focus for 2021, so build development remains a key area and part of our capital allocation strategy, and we remain focused on that. A couple of areas that we continue to pursue, consistent with what we've discussed in the past, is any specific geography where we may have an opportunity to gain additional share or presence in an area, that we may not be at the level of market share that we are globally. Those are areas that we will continue to focus on and look to bring in additional products into our portfolio. Also, many of the areas that we've stressed as areas of strategic importance to us, whether that's in areas such as precision livestock farming, genetics, diagnostics. Those are areas that we'll also continue to remain focused on as well as if there are only development assets as well that we believe would bring strength of our R&D portfolio, we can generate greater value than the existing company. So we remain focused on M&A. We evaluate many opportunities, and we will look to continue to use that as a prime area for capital allocation moving forward.
Glenn David: Yes. With regards to inflation and the impact in -- we'll have on pricing across our portfolio, so we do expect over the long-term to continue to be able to take price increases ranging from 2% to 3% per year. This year will be a little muted in 2021 because of the impact of the DRAXXIN LOE. But beyond this year, we do expect to be able to return to that 2% to 3% average pricing. That will vary based on the product as well as the geography. Typically, in our more innovative products, we're able to take a little bit above that 2% to 3%. Products that have been on the market a little longer generally get a little below that 2% to 3%. And then in higher inflationary markets, we typically take pricing beyond that 2% to 3%. So we don't see any significant changes to that in the short to medium term, other than the fact that in 2021 because of the impact of the DRAXXIN LOE, we'll be below that 2% to 3%.
Glenn David: No, I just echo what you said, Kristin. I'm very excited by the feedback that we saw with the early experience program. It does give us even greater confidence and more enthusiasm around the potential for these products in the EU and globally. And we're continuing to update our forecast based on the feedback that we get.
Glenn David: Yes. No, just to say, obviously the longer out in the market alone, the better in terms of accelerating that peak sales curve. But to Kristin's point, this is a very large market, and we do see products on the market and franchises on the market that are approaching $1 billion today, even without a triple therapy in the U.S. So we think there is significant opportunity for future growth for this franchise. In terms of livestock, we are off to a strong start, and we do think that the reopening trends are positive for the overall animal health industry and the growth in livestock. We're also very pleased with the performance that we've seen in many of our key markets, particularly outside of the U.S. markets such as China and Brazil and what we've been able to accomplish there. And we expect those trends to continue to be very positive. Obviously, we do have some dynamics, particularly to our portfolio within livestock with the impact of DRAXXIN. But overall the fundamentals in the industry are remaining positive. Profitability is up for many of our producers, which is also very encouraging for the overall industry, and we think will be positive for the longer-term outlook for livestock.
