Juan Ramon Alaix: I will answer the APOQUEL question and then I will ask Paul to provide details of the presentation of the ERP, not only in the U.S. but also in other markets where we're implementing this new system. So in terms of APOQUEL, as I said we were able to increase significantly the supply from equity but still we're facing some challenge in ramping up and the manufacturing of API. And API is explaining some order of comments and it is a very complex manufacturing process and we had some delay in terms of permitting all the needs for finished goods. Now we have a process that in our opinion will meet the demands of the market and we expect that very soon we will be able to meet all the market demands in the power expectation. In 2015, as I said, we plan to sell about $153 million, 1.50 and that significantly increase the revenues in 2016. I'm very confident that the situation is under control. We have all the capacity that we need to use API and also to use the finished books in various in the market will start getting all the needs from our customers. For now Paul will provide an update
Juan Ramon Alaix: The first on the KL acquisition, it was a small acquisition but it's an indication that also enforce our presence in the country and will reinforce our presence also in the revised part of our business. So we're entering into a revised business some year ago and we have reason on [indiscernible] the ability to vaccinate and it's a very efficient device vaccinating up to 60,000 eggs per hour. Whether this device we're now -- KL problems but also we have strengthened our position in this part of the business. So it's more material but at the same time we also provide some additional relations with our customers and provide some additional service to them. Paul will respond to the capital deployment
Juan Ramon Alaix: And we continue assessing any possibility [ph] that we make a strategic sense, we will generate synergies in terms of revenues and cost. We like the financial value. Also very important also we did incorporate into this assessment any antitrust in partners that we may have. That's really where we see M&A as a way to complement our internal growth, our operational growth and internal growth and that will increase the value of Zoetis and value to our shareholders.
Juan Ramon Alaix: John. APOQUEL it's an oral treatment compared to IL-31 which is injectable. APOQUEL is a pill that need to be taken on acute and also chronic conditions of the dog. While IL-31 it's more injectable so it's different and it will depend also on the [indiscernible] but definitely we see both of the problems very complementary and maybe one much more focus on the first line treatment and while IL-31can be used more for chronic conditions and for those dogs that require some additional attention from veterinarians and follow-up from veterinarians. The full launch of the product will release when we get the full license. So at the beginning we plan to do the product -- we continue to review the methodologies in the U.S. and then we will gain details on the efficacy that the data will be used to present this information to the USDA and then finally get final approval for the license in about a year.
Juan Ramon Alaix: I will try to go through all of the different questions that you raised starting with the path line. We're very pleased with the productivity of our investment in our R&D. We've been able to produce APOQUEL but also control that we're very strong players in terms of vaccines and we had the opportunity to use also the vaccine [indiscernible] in record time and now we have also IL-31 and that will also complement our franchise dermatology space and we also expect in 2016 gaining approval for an oral parasiticide that is an important segment and where we're today we're under represented. We expect to enter this product in both U.S. and also the European markets. Definitely we're focused on bringing innovation and, in my opinion now we're showing that we're leading not only in terms of revenue but also in terms of innovation that we've been showing many examples of how our team is delivering this kind of innovation. At the same time, we're continuing investing in the part which is equally important which is extending the lifecycle of our portfolio. And this will present a significant part of our investment in fact most of our R&D budget is located to ensure that our problems remain competitive and we achieve that by combining products, increasing indications and also geographical expansion. So we’re very pleased with our innovation and pipeline, we definitely we like to see that these deliveries of this success continues in the future. In terms of business development, that you ask, we're now in a situation that we contemplate business development from a provisional first time. We have a significant presence in all of the therapeutic areas, we have facility presence in all geographies and also in all species but we still see opportunities some in cases between gaps that also strengthen our position. But it will be only when it makes sense from the financial point of view. In terms of other areas, we're very open to contemplate opportunities outside of our core business. We enter some into these complementary spaces, in genetics, devices and diagnostics and we will continue assessing opportunities in these areas that we will reinforce our position
Juan Ramon Alaix: Starting with livestock we see the market conditions are still favorable. If we start with cattle, the price of beef remains high. We see that also the value of the animals remain very high and this also creates an opportunity to continue providing [indiscernible] producers the problems that they need to keep the animals healthy and productivity. Swine and poultry are also two species that have been performing very well, swine in this quarter represented the growth of 14% while in the quarter poultry was showing only 1% but one of the advantages of Zoetis is that we have a presence in all species and we can really maximize opportunities despite of some temporary challenges in one species or one in geography. So in that respect we see that the prospect for livestock remain positive and we see that continually in 2016.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Looking at the first tax question is, tax is on [indiscernible] going on forever but it doesn't mean it won't create some traction but it's important to our structure and the answer is it could be to the extent that we have earnings and cash that's offshore and part of our tax structure partly intend to permanently deploy that capital offshore, the rules are changing, it affect us just like any other U.S. multinational company. So we will just have to wait and see on that
Juan Ramon Alaix: So we haven't distributed any option but you have to think about this opportunity that can be justified not only because of tax but because of the strategic rational of the position and this is something that we include in the assessment.
Juan Ramon Alaix: We're always trying to maximize gross profit and the opportunity to maximize gross profit is coming from including the volume, including prices and finding the right balance between volume and price. And we will find good strategy in terms of prices and definitely see opportunities to raise prices at the higher pace and we would consider that. We have been quite aggressive and price increases in some of the emerging markets and where we have high inflation and then because of that we're also applying high price increases. In developed markets what we're trying to also is make sure we remain competitive and we're not creating a negative impact in our volume that also we have impacted revenue in terms of cost of manufacturing. All of these is part of what we consider in terms of price increases. 
Juan Ramon Alaix: On the primary it's running and in my opinion it's running at full speed. So we will be finalizing all of the necessary changes at the end of this year and there will be also a significant work done in terms of reduction of SKUs and also changing the internal markets. I don't see at this point that our operational efficiency program is any kind of restriction, or creating any kind of restriction for M&A. On the contrary now we have an operation that is a key endpoint and we can really maximize the opportunities for any position with the model that will be more profitable. So they will start running well in terms of our program. I don't see any concern or issue on delivering or exceeding the target of 600 million and at the same time considering the M&A opportunities.
Juan Ramon Alaix: And then let me take the question on what is the potential risk. We have in our portfolio about 30% of our revenues coming from antibiotics. Out of this 30%, 25% is a companion animal and we see low risk and then the rest is between MSAs and also injectable products which again we see less risk than probably is provided to animals in feed. There are different levels of categories on the use of antibiotics, [indiscernible] and also the different species where the problems arise. There has been a significant rumors or comments mainly in poultry where some of the producers have decided to move away from medical important antibiotics and to use non-medical important antibiotics. We have in our portfolio both and we think we can provide to our producers, mainly poultry activity produce that will meet their demand and also meet also consumer demand. So in our opinion I think it is a risk that is manageable and the advantage that I mentioned in many occasions we have a portfolio which is extremely diverse in terms of species, in terms of geographies and in terms of specific areas and also very important in terms of specific areas when they move away from antibiotics they need to increase significantly the use of vaccines to protect this animal. So again we have a significant presence in vaccines so we can compensate any kind of impact on certain areas and have increased in others.
Juan Ramon Alaix: Thank you very much for attending this call and thank you very much for your questions and again we think that we reported this quarter very strong results and we're very confident on delivering our objective in 2015. Thank you very much.
Paul Herendeen: Let me start by saying when we went live with the implementation SAP in the us in the beginning of May itself, high level and the go live was and continues to be a success and that is not to say that everything is perfect. I would say on the good side there is one reference and we have full control of our key business processes and we have full contact any of our financial information. We have work to do in addressing the ways in which our system changes and has enacted on our customers. The us segment of our business we interface with tens of thousands of customers and the overwhelming majority have been systems working well at that does not matter if you are a customer where our systems change has led to issues with respect to you and the customer so addressing all of those issues and it continues to be a top priority for us and we will continue to look at resources and about an outstanding issue and I'm sure you and others on the line including some of our customers this is something that Wanda and I think about every day. Last thing on this I hope is I've been involved in a number of SAP implementations and all of them have been successful and none of them have been without bumps in the road. We're going to call this implementation of success. Our customers are happy with the level of our customer service and we have work to do there and we're on it and we're on it every day.
Paul Herendeen: A couple of things let's talk about it in second half. Please keep in mind as I mentioned earlier during my prepared remarks that the net-net was down over the second half of the year and we paired our expectations to APOQUEL to the lower in communicated range. Still expected to sell more than four times last year's volume but towards the low end of our previously range for APOQUEL also bear in mind you're looking at our business in the second half of the year and our livestock business that's been chugging along quite nicely thinks some very tough comps in the second half of the year. So realistically from the revenue perspective if we're going to be making our guidance range and we think that's pretty good. We're on track for 15 and on track for 16 and on track for 17 picked out on the expense side which really has more of the question to of around income, the income and where it should be and to call out my prepared remarks and it's at 55% of our OpEx in last year came in the second half of our year. We're expecting similar phasing in the second half of this year although less pronounced than you saw last year between Q3 and Q4 so you really need to take that into account in order to think about the full-year. We tightened our guidance range. We continue to be on track and we think for a very solid 2015 with a lot of moving parts and on into '16 and '17.
Paul Herendeen: On the capital deployment I can't resist going through the whole sort of diagram of how we think about capital allocation. First and foremost we look for invest in our business and see opportunities to drive significant value for example increased investment through R&D and sales investment that, that would be our first call because we have a business that can generate organic growth in line or in the markets in which we compete with these investments and that would lead to a solid organic growth and earnings. Now next M&A is adamant to our organic growth it will be added to our organic growth, I think good example the Abbott acquisition earlier this year which is fitting in quite nicely and helping us with our results. We think we entered Q1 perhaps it might have been observed in that, we mentioned anatomy of line of sight towards completing the standup I described us as interested and ready to look at M&A opportunities that are out there in the market and we're looking for leverage in the places where we have expertise and where we can leverage our core capabilities, broad-spectrum we look at pipeline assets. We look at in-market products and technologies, we look at company acquisitions. I want to point out that we use a return date to evaluate transactions and we look for deals that add value and cash flow and retail will be value generated to our shareholders as we look to pursue those deals. We've got some capacity to do deals and we're interested in saying there are certainly areas that are adjacencies for us or areas where we currently like to do that
Paul Herendeen: Before we for a jump off I want to go back to the kind of how do you think about the productivity or the pace coming out of R&D because it is one of our competitive trends. We often talk about and this is in round numbers, everybody, we often talk about our industry growing mid-single digits over time with if you thought of it is five using as an example, five is a 5% growth industry and 2% coming from units and 2% coming from price, 1% coming from new products. Our goal is to deliver more from self-developed products to the 1% and again I don't want to focus too often on one quarter but if you look in our quarter, second quarter of this year we have 2% of our growth year-over-year from introduction, products that have been in-line less than a year. Products like [indiscernible] collection of all other products that are in line for less than a year. So there is lots of things that are included in our R&D that are not in the same categories perhaps like an APOQUEL or Sarolaner or perhaps even an IL-31 but we go along and that growth is one, meaningful and two to the extent that we can grow faster in that market and that helps us deliver on one of our valued propositions which is our ability to grow our sales at a rate faster than the market.
Paul Herendeen: The other question was to talk about the tougher comparison in livestock compared to last year. You look back in the second half 2014 and we had margins or significant ramp up of [indiscernible] and things like that in the prior-year that were not present in the first half of 2014 and the compared year. So that's what leads to more difficult comparison year-over-year. in the livestock space.
Paul Herendeen: Let me then answer to your question about product traction in other markets. We see in general that companion animals are more global produce and this is something we have that products in that segment [indiscernible] in all markets around the world and this has been the case of APOQUEL and also would be the case of IL-31 and some of the products in these categories. In terms of livestock, it depends. You asked about the Brazil, Brazil is a very strong market in terms of cattle but also the cattle industry we have very specific conditions and we have been introducing definitely new product but in some cases very specific to Brazil and more recent interaction has been produce for reproduction that has been produce introduce in Brazil at the end of 2014. We will continue to try to expand our portfolio as much as we can geographically and definitely this is part of our potential growth ensuring that we have all of the heavy market introducing in all of our markets.
Paul Herendeen: So first question how much is included in our long-term guidance? We’ve a structure I think we’ve articulated that we think we have a solid structure based on the hand that we're dealt here that will allow us to maintain a tax rate in the order of call it 29%-ish for the planning horizon for us at goes out at least three years that we provided guidance. We talked many times and we look for any opportunity to grind that rate down and it is a grind. It is not something that there is a magic bullet that we can put in place in the new structure and magically reduce our tax rate by 700 basis points. We do what we can and we think we have a good solid supportable structure and that’s what is included in our guidance over the long-term. With respect to an inversion, we talk about this as well. In our there are precious few companies that would make sense for us to work with and the second thing that we try to talk about at our investor day back in November of last year is based on our particular set of circumstances we feel that in an inversion transaction the benefit if you focus on the entity that’s currently called Zoetis an offshore [indiscernible] debt would be roughly reduce our tax rate by some 600 basis points market folks are suggestive that there are other ways that could be pretty dramatically beyond that and that's our point of view and that's what we said back in November and we continue to believe that. So in terms of the transaction it could be helpful and it's not something that for us would take our tax rate down into the one-time single digits
Paul Herendeen: The operating efficiency initiative is not a gaining factor looking at our M&A opportunities. The best time to do a deal is when there is an attractive actionable deal in front of you, what I expressed earlier was we're ready and we would be able to take advantage of the situation if we could present itself, we’re good to go.
Paul Herendeen: We're thinking about M&A let's go back and start and answer the capital structure question first, we might express an upper bound of what we would put on in terms of leverage but what we have said is we're generally thinking about target for as roughly 2.5 turns of EBITDA in our cap structure and the expectation is in the normal course ranging 2.5 to 3.5 times somewhere in that vicinity. Now what we have also said is that we have the right opportunity we would be more aggressive in the use of debt capital in order to be able to complete a value generative transaction. So what does that mean? It means that we look to balance our desire to maintain a solid credit profile and access the capital with how much debt we put on and having a clear pathway to reducing the leverage over a period of time. We have the capacity to do good sized deals within our company. And as I said the best time to do deals is when there is an opportunity in front of you and we would use all available leverage in order to be able to formed and conclude the transaction that we felt was value generative for all the shareholders
