Wetteny Joseph: Yes, absolutely. Look, the 11% growth operationally in companion animal is right in line with our expectations coming into the quarter. And the overall growth of 8% operational, I would even say, is slightly above. If you recall on the last call, we said expect Q3 to come in somewhere between the mid and the high end of our growth rate. So that's roughly between 7% and 8%, so at the high end of that.  But in terms of consumer, look, as we've said time and time again, if you look at the therapeutics category in terms of the value in pet health as well as some of the chronic conditions, as Kristin mentioned, consumers have not been treating those as discretionary. Even when you see some relative softness in pet spend, it doesn't carry over into the health care piece in terms of therapeutics, et cetera. And we've seen that play out in many ways even as I'm sure we'll get into a -- clinic visits are slightly down in the quarter. Clinic revenue is up almost 7%, and we're growing faster than that. Again, retail being a part of that, and we'll get into that in a little bit more detail. When I look at the big products, as you described them, John, derm, Triomabs, all up double digits and up across U.S. and international. I mean our growth this quarter was broad-based, across companion animal livestock U.S. international price, 5% volume on 3%. So really broad-based. And I think that really underscores the breadth of our products as well as our innovation and the value that consumer and pet owners place on products. The legacy products, when I look at in line, keep in mind, when we talk price, we tend to see price lift in those legacy products as well. But when it volume, it wasn't down. In-line products were actually flat on the quarter year-on-year with some lift on price. So hopefully, that helps. But I share the optimism Kristin described with respect to 2024. I mean we have multiple sources of growth, not only the Librela launch in the U.S. You've got continued growth across international markets for Librela and Solensia as well. And of course, we'll have price as a lever in addition to in-line products we just talked about. Livestock is now back to growth, and we'll look at what that looks like when we come back with guidance next year. And then we expect growth across our key franchises as well in terms of derm, paris and diagnostics. So I'll cap it there as a long answer to a long question, but we'll take the next one.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. I will. Look, you're right, Erin. In terms of -- as we said, when you look at ABS at peak, once they ramp up, they will be additive and accretive to our gross margins. We believe they're also accretive to our contribution margin, even when there are what I'll say is subscale in terms of getting towards their peak. So as we launch into the U.S., which is a large market, obviously, as you said, we'll see a little bit of a headwind from a gross margin perspective. But given many of the investments that we need to drive this field force, et cetera, already in the books, if you will. There will be some incremental A&P and DTC. And once we have the right level of penetration of the product in clinics, but that's still going to leave room for contribution margin lift in the product. So that will be, I would say, a factor from a gross margin standpoint. But we'll give more precision in terms of guidance for '24 at the next call. But as you can read from us and what we're saying today, we're very excited about '24. We're optimistic on '24, given the levers I just described. So in line with what we said at Investor Day, we expect to grow in the mid- to high single digits. I think you'll continue to see us look for margin expansion given the mix up in companion animal versus large [indiscernible], but I won't give you any more and more specific than that.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, absolutely. Look, if you look at Librela, we delivered $53 million in revenues in Q3. That's a 65% growth operationally. Now if you look at the preexisting markets, they were up about 33%. So that's an incremental $10 million or $11 million in the quarter year-on-year growth in the pre-existing markets. And then new markets that have been launched this year is about $10 million that includes a little bit from the U.S. from the early experience program. So year-on-year growth and then sequentially, I think was your question, and we're still up a few million sequentially. Just keep in mind, Q3 last year, as we said, we have a bit of a tougher comp for Q3, because that's when we released sort of the allocations that we're on and the supply constraints. So that is factoring a little bit, but we still had 33% in the in the EU sort of locations in markets where we had previously launched. So that's still a very robust growth despite the comp.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, absolutely. Look, as Kristin just said, we remain on target with our regulatory milestones with respect to R&D spend was up about 13% year-over-year on the quarter. So clearly, well above our revenue growth rate. So what you're seeing in terms of our overall expectations for the year versus where we're landing is just a matter of timing on the span of gross projects, but nothing significant or notable there. Again, we continue to drive innovation, both across new innovation as well as life cycle innovation across our portfolio, and we're very excited about the progress we're making in R&D.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. Look, on Trio, I think you covered it well, $206 million of revenue in the quarter. That's up 20% operationally. We're very pleased with that, including the patient share gains that Kristin already described. On CapEx, yes, we did reduce our CapEx expectations for the year from about $950 million to $1 billion down to $725 million to $750 million. This is really on timing of project spend. We remain committed to the investments that we're making. And this is still representing about a 25% increase in CapEx year-over-year. So as we said at Investor Day, excise CapEx to remain elevated for the next couple of years, and then we'll start to bring that down sort of in the range of a growth rate that approximates our revenue growth range as you go beyond '24, ‘25-time frame. So again, really just don't matter of timing is what you're seeing from a CapEx standpoint.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I'll be happy to take that. Look, we continue to see, as you saw this quarter, 11% operational growth in companion animal. And though we have some tough comps, as Kristin just referenced with the Trio answer on previous question, we are expecting very, very strong growth across companion animal. And keep in mind, we have some comp challenges with respect to livestock, which will decelerate from what it is on a year-to-date basis, about 6% to a low single-digit growth. So as you look at what's factored into the guidance that we just gave in narrowing the range, but still maintaining our midpoint, if you will, you can factor that into your equation in terms of what the livestock versus companion animal mix is as we exit the year.
Wetteny Joseph: No, I think you covered the macro dynamics well, Kristin. On the supply question with respect to Librela, we are very confident in our supply plans to meet the demand expectations for Librela that we have certainly for '24 and beyond. Mentioning the Lincoln facility, certainly in addition to both our internal capacity and third party that we are using, we continue to invest internally. And I think if you look at Lincoln that will be a factor, particularly as you go beyond 2024, with respect to supply planning fully well and other maps as well. So again, very confident in our ability to meet those demand expectations, and we've already factored the ramp that we saw in Europe in our thinking around demand there as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. The only thing I would add on the vet clinic visits is you see our growth continues to outpace that of the clinic growth. And the vet visits were not as they're important, right? But we're not as sensitive to visit because therapeutics and chronic indications tend to power through that. And you can still see volume growth even as visits are down. And then the retail piece, which is continuing to grow. We've seen an additional 24% points as a percentage of our pet care revenues in the U.S. each year. So we've gone from 11% from about 5% just a few years ago. So we continue to see that in the quarter, it was up about 35%, if you look at our retail sales. So those are the factors I would add. With respect to the cattle dynamics and livestock in general, I would say clearly, we've had a very strong start to the year through the first 9 months. Livestock is up about 6%. Clearly, we're signaling that will come down in the fourth quarter. And that's really more of a factor of variability across quarters, given the timing of supply that we've had in the prior year versus the current year. The timing of when we've taken price adjustments for Jackson, for example, which impacted Q2 versus Q3 as well as Q4 this year as we're anticipating a step in that -- at the end of the year. So that will put some more pressure on Q4. We factored all that into our guidance that we've just issued today, which we are still in line with our expectations that we started the year with, which is right around our midpoint, we just narrowed it. So all those are in. With respect to capital dynamics around, we haven't seen anything that would say there's a pronounced shift with respect to the cattle run here. But again, we factored all these items into our thinking and what we've just iterated today from a guidance standpoint.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I'm not sure if I got the second question, but I'm going to give it a shot and then ask you to clarify. On the parasiticides market, we still estimate in terms of volume, nearly half is still in the collars and topicals, but from a value perspective dollars, we're significantly leaning on the calls and prescription. As those are at higher price points. I think you're asking a specific question about share for specific products within the topicals and collars and I don't have that to hand. But if it was a different question, I'll ask you to clarify after I give you an answer on Librela. So Librela, in the third quarter was minimal. As you know, in September, we had an early experience program. That was only about 400 clinics very limited with KOLs to get them using the product and being able to talk about it, et cetera, and helping with refining protocols and so on. And so the number was like $3 million in the quarter, not meaningful at all. And given the timing of the full launch in October and with the holidays coming, it is not going to have a meaningful impact on the full year growth again on that point. But I'll ask you to clarify if I didn't get the question right on Paris.
