Richard A. Passov: The only thing I would add is that if I look at total operating expense in Q3 versus Q3 of last year, we're slightly better. If I look at total operating expense year-to-date through this year versus last year, we're more than slightly better. Also year-to-date, we're under where we expect to be for the full year and that gives us the ability to continue to support promotional spend into the fourth quarter. And the last thing that I would say is that, in addition to the timing of promotional spend in the third quarter that Juan Ramón described, there is also the increase in enabling functions spend, which is higher, Q3 versus Q2, than it has been in the prior quarters. So when I look at total SG&A, this quarter being basically where it was last quarter and better year-to-date, including the enabling functions spend, we're definitely on track to where we expect to be.
Richard A. Passov: Sure. So Mark, as you can see, in 2013, there's very good operating leverage in the business. In 2014, as we've spoken about in the past, we're going to continue to build out our own infrastructure, look across all of our processes and gain operating efficiencies, and we think that continues to drive operating leverage. And beyond that, I'm not going to make a long-term prediction. But I do think that the leverage that we see in '13 can be sustained, especially as we get into 2014, to some degree.
Richard A. Passov: Erin, I'll just add a little bit to the comment that you made on SG&A. There's nothing kind of off-track or that's changing in terms of how we see spend evolving this year. In the guidance that we're giving you now, we are actually narrowing our full year guidance for SG&A, as well as R&D. So with respect to our expectations as we gave them to you in April, we're performing at or better than how we expected there. Quarter-to-quarter, there are variations in spend, partly, as we had said earlier, in Q1 and Q2, the pace of spend on the enabling functions was somewhat slower than we expected, and then also, as Juan Ramón pointed out, higher promotional spend in the second half. But the guidance that we're giving you now, if I can point out again, is narrowed versus April. That includes our expectations of spend for the full year. And as I pencil through that guidance, I get to the performance, the operating leverage that we expected and therefore, the kind of expense control that we believe exists in the model.
Richard A. Passov: Well, again, I mean, I think I would just, again, reaffirm the guidance that we're giving you. The way I look at this is at the beginning of this year, we set out to achieve the operating leverage that we've discussed, and we're basically on track to do that. And the narrowing of our total year spend, I think, reinforces that. And again, quarter-to-quarter, there are going to be variations in spend to either support various promotional campaigns, or in this particular quarter, the growth in enabling functions year-over-year. And when I include the total cost of supporting our own infrastructure and compare the Q3 of '13 to the Q3 of 2012, and basically were on top of each other, I think, in my view, that's actually a good sign coupled with reaffirming the full year guidance. So I don't -- I wouldn't read anything into this particular quarter in terms of changing what we believe the operating model is for this business, this year or going forward.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Operationally, in terms of revenues, we are growing year-to-date by 6%, while expenses are growing year-to-date only by 2%.
Juan Ramón Alaix: On APOQUEL. So definitely, APOQUEL, it's a product that is expected by the market. It's covering unmet need to treat dogs suffering from itchiness. The current treatments are corticosteroids and also some other products that are available to the veterinarians. Also, in some cases, the veterinarians are also using many different alternatives, different pharmaceuticals to treat these dogs. We expect that in 2014, when the product will be launched, the adoption will be gradual, switching current treatment to APOQUEL. We are convinced that, in the long term, APOQUEL will be an important product in our portfolio. In terms of beta-agonist, so we are also entering into this market with 2 generic formulations: one for swine, the other one for cattle. The swine product will be launched in the first quarter. The cattle product will be launched in the second half of 2014. Again, so it's something that we think that will be an opportunity for Zoetis to incorporate 2 products which are used by livestock producers in the U.S, and also will fill a gap that we have in our portfolio, that we'll be able really to offer to our customers a larger range of products and solutions to treat and to prevent diseases. In terms of the acquisition of -- that we also announced in this quarter, it's a small company. Definitely, it is small, but it's following the strategy that we already started some years ago to really complement our portfolio, our core business, vaccines and pharmaceuticals, with complementary spaces. And we entered in devices, in poultry devices, with the acquisition of Embrex some years ago. We also have now in diagnostics with the acquisition of Synbiotics. We're also offering services to our customers, and these food safety products also will complement our portfolio. And we will enter in a space that it's growing importance because its consumers and also governments are demanding higher food safety, and we think that we can bring our commercial strength and also our expertise in R&D to really leverage this acquisition. That, again, is a small one and we have some revenues in 2014, but not significant earnings.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, I must say that -- thank you for the question, Louise. We are focused on making sure that we are meeting our objectives in 2013 and at the same time that we are standing up Zoetis. As you can imagine, this has significant complexity that we need to manage, but I think we are showing that we are able to manage the complexity and delivering strong results. I think it's something that -- speculating on other companies, I think, is probably something that we should not really enter, but continued focus on delivering the value to our customers and our shareholders.
Juan Ramón Alaix: In terms of the eCommerce, it's true that I provided some details on the last call. I don't have in front of me what is the number of customers that are already signed off on this eCommerce. What I had is the feedback of the U.S. team has been positive, and the feedback from our customers is also very positive. So I think it's something that we are adding to the way that we are interacting with customers, and we see as additional way of really providing support and services to our customers. In terms of the improvement in operating margin, you mean for the U.S. or in general. I think it's -- definitely, we are committed and is something that we mentioned many times that we are committed to grow our revenues in line or faster than the market. And we are also committed to improve margin faster than revenues. And we'll achieve that over time by the right actions in terms of gross margin, the cost of the products sold, the right strategy in terms of pricing and control on our operating expenses. And we are convinced that this is something that we'll be able to deliver in the future.
Juan Ramón Alaix: We'll have the opportunity to discuss about our 2014 guidance next year. We don't see, at this point, any reason why what we have been describing in the past will change, and we are confident that we will continue with discipline in terms of SG&A and having the right level of investment to support our revenue growth aspirations. The U.S. companion animal business, as you said, it's doing very well in the U.S., and we are growing in all the different categories. Definitely, with the launch of APOQUEL, we expect also to generate growth in the future in 2014. And we think that the level of our business model, which is, as we said many times, direct interaction with customers; deliver innovation; at the same time that we deliver innovation, also making sure that we protect our existing portfolio with new formulations or combination of products, new combination of vaccines; and also the quality of our manufacturing are very strong elements really to sustain our growth in the companion animal business in the U.S., as well as in other markets.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And Jami, let me add to what I mentioned on the previous question, that our financial model for the next 5 years is to grow in line or faster than the market. The market is expecting to grow compound annual growth of 6%. We expect our margins growing faster than revenues and there will be, with the right control of expenses, that we expect to grow in line with inflation and also control on our cost of goods and also the pricing strategy. This will result in really improving long term, in this 5 years of period, improvement in terms of our margins. We don't need, at this point, any further consolidation. We have already the critical mass that we need. And that's really, with the critical mass and with the investment that we made already in most of the markets that we operate, we are confident that this will generate synergies in the future.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Dave. And I think, as you can imagine, so nothing should be excluded, at least from the internal analysis of exploring opportunities. What are the conditions that we need really to meet for any acquisition, small, medium or a large? A strategic fit and the financials really are supporting the investment. The experience that we had when we acquired Fort Dodge, at the time, we were a company of $2 billion, Fort Dodge was a company of $1 million -- $1 billion. We divested 10% of the combined companies, a little bit more than 10% because of antitrust issues. Now with a market share of 20%, you can imagine that the challenge in terms of antitrust will be even higher. And this is something that we need also to include in any analysis, because we know that paying a premium price for integration[ph] and divesting at a lower price because of FTC regulations or European Union regulations will be probably not the right decision for our shareholders. We'll continue analyzing, exploring and definitely, if it makes sense, so then we'll make that call.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me probably start with answering the first question with a general comment. I don't think it's positive for the animal health industry that any product is facing regulatory issues or customer issues. And this is something that definitely all companies are exposed to this kind of risk. And I think it's something that, in some cases, this can benefit some of the competitors operating in this space. We decided to launch a generic of ractopamine independently of any kind of issue related to Zilmax. And we are convinced that the product that we are launching had really something that will help producers to enhance productivity, and also to achieve the quantity of meat and affordability of meat that is required by consumers. In terms of plans to ramp any specific category, I think one of the advantage that we have in our portfolio is the diversity in terms of many multiple dimensions, including therapeutic areas. We are convinced that there are areas that are generating some opportunities short term, while others will generate opportunities in more longer and medium term. We want really to make sure that our strategy is really covering these opportunities in all short and long term and definitely we have products in medicinal feed additive. We also have products in implant. And we continue really ensuring that we offer to our customers a complete range of products and solutions to treat or prevent diseases in their animals.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So thank you. Thank you for joining us today's call, and we appreciate your questions and the time you spent with us. So bye-bye.
