Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Erin. And, well, we see the U.S. livestock has not changed compared to previous projections. Despite of the trade situation, we expect that the U.S. livestock will be showing positive growth in 2018. We also mentioned at the beginning of the year that on this market growth, we expect cattle and poultry product is already growing in line with the market, and swine growing faster than the market and our forecast remain the same. The only change compared to what we estimated at the beginning of the year was the dairy segment, where the performance is below expectations for the market, and we also expected a recovery in the second half. And now our estimate is it will be taking longer and will not be until 2019. Just to summarize our performance in the first half. So livestock grew in the U.S. by 2%. And for total Zoetis the growth was 5%. And this confirms again that our geographical diversity is helping us to manage our economic cycles, regulatory changes or now even trade war. The fundamentals of livestock remain the same and the consumption of animal proteins to continue growing, and the needed to keep animals healthy and productive is the same as we have been communicating before. So with all these, we expect that at end of the year, livestock in the U.S. and also the livestock worldwide will be growing and we'll be growing in line or faster than the market. Maybe also Glenn can add to my comments on the second half of the year.
Juan Ramón Alaix: We have seen that – for us, the poultry business has been performing very well in this first half. We continue creating growth in the second half. So as we explained many times, maybe some market they will be facing some challenge. But the consumption of chicken is growing, and we have seen growth in many international markets. Maybe the only area where we saw some negative evolution was Brazil, and this was a result of also the strike, where the transportation strike was limiting the transportation of food to some of the poultry farms, and this created somewhat challenging situation for producers. But Brazil is where we had probably the lesser penetration in terms of poultry. Overall, we remained positive about poultry. And in poultry, we have not only vaccines and pharmaceuticals, but we're also providing devices for vaccination, in-ovo vaccination. And also we have to be adding also automation with (36:08). So overall we remain positive about poultry. Next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Mike. On Simparica Trio, as you said, it depends on regulatory approvals. But as I said, we feel confident that the registration packets of these products is strong and we'll be able really to gain approval to launch the product in 2020. Definitely we'll be launching the product in the first quarter. But we don't know at this point it will be in the first quarter or midyear. So definitely we'll be working to accelerate as much as possible all the approval. But it depends on third-parties approval and we don't know exactly when we'll be able to bring this product into the market. And Glenn will cover the question on OpEx.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And, Mike, I don't think I responded about the timing for the U.S. and Europe. In both big market we expect approval in 2020. So, next question please.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And maybe one comment on the cost efficiencies in Abaxis. So the Abaxis acquisition is not driven by cost efficiency. We will be generating short-term cost efficiencies but the cost efficiency will be fully realized in the 2019. You also ask about this 200 basis points of improvement in cost. Maybe, Glenn, you can cover that. Many of these costs has been already generated in 2018, so it's not that we are still targeting 200 basis points of improvement from now, so some of this has been also coming in this quarter.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, now we have a combined portfolio with Abaxis/SMB, but we don't think that at this point there are products which are in conflict or in competition. They are products that can be managed very well. And now we have the opportunity to combine the field force of Abaxis that has been increasing in 2018. And with our field force and the plan now – from now to the next coming months is to ensure that both field forces are fully aligned and both field forces they have their level of technical information that will be supporting this new portfolio. So we are very confident that we'll be defending Abaxis in international markets as well as in the U.S. with now stronger presence in the market.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your questions. And as a conclusion, we remain very positive about our performance and not the performance in the quarter but also our future performance. And we are very much on track to deliver our objectives for 2018 and we continue investing in ensuring that we'll be generating a future growth through our core portfolio but now also through the extended portfolio with diagnostics and other areas in where we are also investing. So thank you very much for your attention today.
Glenn C. David: Erin, just one thing to consider as you look at the quarterly progression of livestock in the second half, just a reminder that in Q4 of 2017 in the U.S. in particular, we had a particularly strong U.S. livestock performance in growth across all of its species. So that will be a challenge to growth in Q4 in particular.
Glenn C. David: And, Kevin, in terms of your question in terms of the applied slower organic growth in the second half of the year, it is really mainly driven by the tough comps that we have, particularly in Q4, and again related to U.S. livestock. Just a couple of other things to point out, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do have four fewer calendar days in the International business in Q4 of 2018 versus Q4 2017, which also provides a tougher comp. And then there are just, as you look at some of our growth portfolio, particularly derm, the growth comes off of a higher base as we mature through the year. So those are some of the factors that would indicate slightly slower growth in the second half of the year versus the first half.
Glenn C. David: So in terms of Abaxis and its impact to EPS, so similar to what we've indicated prior, in 2018 we do expect Abaxis to be slightly dilutive to earnings when you include the funding of the acquisition. We do expect that our first full year of operations when we're able to generate both the revenue upside and some of the expense savings that we expect to generate that it will be slightly accretive to earnings. So we do expect it to be accretive to earnings in 2019. But in 2018, it is slightly dilutive. In terms of the tax change and the guidance, we have previously guided to an adjusted effective tax rate of 21% to 22%. Because of some favorable discrete items that we've experienced year to date and some of that we may experience in the following quarters as well, we've updated that guidance to approximately 20%. But again, those are just certain discrete items that don't necessarily carry forward into 2019 and beyond. In terms of the organic growth for the second half of the year, again similar, I think, to some of the comments that we've made. We do have certain challenges, particularly in Q4 of 2017 (sic) [2018] from a prior-year comp perspective that will negatively impact our growth. And also we do have a four fewer calendar days in the International segment in Q4.
Glenn C. David: So, Mike, in terms of SG&A and R&D, as you did mention a big part of the raise in the guidance there is related to Abaxis. But there are other operational factors driving some incremental R&D and SG&A. We mentioned the acquisition of Smartbow, while not material from upfront investment perspective. There are certain ongoing costs to developing those products and they hit both the SG&A and the R&D line. So that's another key area of growth in SG&A and R&D.
Glenn C. David: Sure. In terms of any sequential guidance. So, obviously, we don't necessarily guide to any particular quarter. But in terms of any major changes to growth, it really is the Q4 2018 drivers that we referenced are the things to note. In our Q3, no major changes versus the first half of the year.
Glenn C. David: Yeah. So, in terms of the impact of Abaxis on our margins moving forward, so from a gross margin perspective, cost of goods for Abaxis are a little higher than what we have for the remaining portfolio of Zoetis. So it will be somewhat of a negative impact but we still do expect to achieve the 200 basis points of improvement from 2017 to 2020 within our gross margins. When you think about more to an operating margin level because of our ability to leverage our existing infrastructure, we do believe that over the next coming years we'll achieve the same operating margins that we would have without Abaxis. So we expect to be able to continue to grow our operating margin but, again, the focus continues to be on growing cash and profitable income growth.
Glenn C. David: So, the 200 basis point improvement, as we mentioned, was off the 2017 base where our cost of goods was approximately 33% at that period of time. We've guided for 2018 approximately 32%, so we'd expect about 100 basis point improvement year-over-year, which would then lead to about another 100 basis point improvement by the year 2020. So we're well on our way to achieving that goal and expect to be able to deliver that.
Glenn C. David: And in terms of Abaxis reporting, Abaxis is going to be fully integrated into our operating structure, so therefore it will not be reported as a standalone segment. We will, however, provide transparency to the revenue performance of the diagnostics business moving forward. Just one point, you mentioned this quarter's 10-Q. since we did not own the business in Q2, we'll not be reporting on Abaxis revenues within the 10-Q.
Glenn C. David: In terms of total derm sales for the quarter, we had $143 million in total. Of that, $100 million was the U.S., $42 million was International, so obviously some rounding there. In terms of Apoquel for the quarter, we had total sales of $110 million, with $73 million being the U.S. and $37 million being International. And with that, you could calculate Cytopoint. From a Simparica perspective, we had total sales of $51 million, with $30 million being U.S. and $21 million International.
Glenn C. David: Yes, so Pharmaq had sales of $24 million in Q2, which was growth of about 13% operationally, which is really driven by the increased adoption of our LiVac SRS vaccine in Chile. As we did indicate previously, 2018 we don't expect to achieve the same level of growth as we saw in 2017, as in 2017 we saw very rapid adoption of the PD vaccine in Norway, as we displaced a competitor following a legal victory. That being said there, we still expect Pharmaq to grow at a faster pace than the overall Zoetis business in 2018.
Glenn C. David: Yes, Chris, as Juan Ramón indicated, there really is no change to our capital allocation and priorities moving forward. When you look at the current level of operating cash flow that we have and the strength of our balance sheet, we're able to fund almost the full consideration and still stay within our targeted gross debt to adjusted EBITDA range of 2.5 to 3. So that still leaves us the financial flexibility to fund future strategic investments and also return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So really no change to our capital allocation priorities post-Abaxis.
