Rick Passov: No, I think all I would add just in particular with respect to Q1 is that SG&A does reflect the pace of building up infrastructure here, and I think as you will see when you do the math, the number is a little bit less than what we expect it to be on a run rate to revenue for the full year.
Rick Passov: I will just turn to the tax rate actually and, David, just say that the tax rate that we are providing in our guidance is a good estimate of what we think our tax rate will be over the long-term, it may vary somewhat around the estimated rate but that it's clearly our intended target. And when you look at the rate comparative similarly situated multi nationals it's a rate that I think you would expect to see.
Rick Passov: I will just repeat, Louise and again thank you for a question. Volume, price increase, some products moving back into our network and very good cost discipline across the country -- the company.
Rick Passov: Kevin, again, thank you for the question. Our priorities for capital allocation are going to be as follows. Over the next few years, we are going to complete the stand up of our own infrastructure which will call for elevated levels of spend that we discussed both on this call and in our 10-K. We'll position ourselves for certain amount of deleveraging as we come closer to our first debt securities. We will pay the dividend that we've declared. And we will pursue some M&A bolt on acquisitions that leverage our core strengths. And then, beyond that, an ongoing capital allocation discipline is going to be hall mark of Zoetis.
Rick Passov: Jami, I just want to add that the regulatory issues pertained to product delays and are not related to manufacturing or any other part of the network. It's just taken us a little longer to get some products registered in that market in India.
Rick Passov: The only thing I would say Tony again is your right that the parasiticides season is important in Europe. You and we can all see that there's a much colder season in Europe and its delaying the start of the season and we're taking our best guess now of what the impact will be in the guidance that we're providing to you.
Rick Passov: Sure, I think the question was R&D and all I'll say is that's an important part of the value paradigm here that we do think that we can grow revenue faster than all of our expenses. I would include R&D and that generally be the effect of the this R&D is in part shown by the fact that revenues growing and earnings are growing at a faster pace.
Rick Passov: Well, first of all, thank you for the question. Basically, from two basic factors, the fact is gross margins in Europe are healthy. So we get a little bit of leverage in the P&L from growing the top-line and as well there is good expense control on that market. And then, I would only add that quarter-over-quarter there may be some variability in the rate of earnings growth versus revenue growth. So nothing really special or outstanding there.
Rick Passov: Ann, as you know in our release today, we did not release balance sheet or cash flow, you will see that when we publish our 10-Q. Otherwise, we have said that in 2013 our priorities are going to be completing the separation, the elevated spend associated with that, paying our dividend. And that I do not expect significant working capital improvements this year in part because our primary focus is again all of those activities to complete the separation. And those activities include, a significant amount of product transfers and that affects our ability in this particular year to make a sole concentration on reducing inventory levels. But in general, I think you would see not a deterioration of working capital and that become a focus for us in the out years. 
Rick Passov: No, I think, Chris, we have done the best job we think we can do in the comments we made on the call, as well as and what is in our press release.
Juan Ramón Alaix: At this point, there are still uncertainties about the corn production in the US for 2013. We know that we moved from a drought last year from now a flood in some parts of the corn belt that is really delaying seeding corn in the US. At the same time, we know that some of the markets they saw the opportunity of the high prices of corn last year really to increase the production of corn. So, at this point, it's a little bit complicated to know what will be the level of price of corn in 2013. What we see today is that the price is lower than the record price in 2013, that it was close to $9 the bushel, and now we are around $6 and $6.5 or so. I think this is something that will create probably a better opportunity for our livestock producer in terms of the input cost.Ann Wilson – Bank of America: Okay. Great and what was -- 
Juan Ramón Alaix: Well, thank you, Kevin. And we are very pleased with the performance of companion animal in the U.S. We are enjoying a very good momentum in terms of sales. But in the first quarter, we also had the positive impact of one competitor facing supply issues. This supply issue has been solved and this competitor is already back into the market in the U.S. But still, we think that our companion animal is very strong in the U.S. We also apply price increases in the U.S. in the first quarter, and this was well accepted by our customer which is showing the right partnership that we are having with them. And we are optimistic about the future performance of companion animal in the U.S. because I think we have right strategies, the right programs and also the interaction with the customer, direct interaction with the customer that is allowing really to maximize our product portfolio. And Rick will answer on the capital allocation.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Let me add one comment on companion animal in the U.S. We have seen that the visit to clinics are now increasing in the U.S. And also the expend of pet owners per pet is also increasing. So, this is good trend and our presence in many different (inaudible) areas in companion animal really providing to us quite opportunity for performance and we expect that this performance will be sustainable over in 2013.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Mark, and our prices strategy is really depending on many same factors including species, including also geographies, including also competition. So it is difficult really to provide a global comment on our price strategy. That's really in emerging markets volume is much higher than price while in developed markets price is higher than that volume. In the U.S. that's really a in, we have seen that many of the species, price has been growing at a higher rate than volume. But it is something that is part of our model and we don't see that as a negative. On the contrary, it's a good opportunity for really to apply price strategies that will maximize our margins across many different geographies and species. In terms of the avian flu, well you mentioned that it still something that it's not a significant impact. So China for us represent a little bit less than that 2% of our total revenues, and the majority of this revenues as rated in the swine business. So the poultry business, it's definitely a future growing opportunity, but it's really having a minimal impact in our total revenues. What we are concerned is really how we can really provide the support to our customers in China and also how we can minimize the impact of the avian flu in many people in China. And definitely we will see that the avian flu that, in my opinion will also be temporary, will have significant impact in our future revenues.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jami. On the revenues for APAC, so we grew by 2%. APAC is a combination of two different group of countries. So we have highly developed markets like Australia, Japan, Korea, and emerging markets India, China, South East Asia. In the developed markets, we saw in this quarter very strong growth in Australia. We faced some challenge in Japan and Korea and in emerging markets India also faced some challenge because of some regulatory issues that we expect to solve in the next following quarters and also some time -- one time in China. We are convinced that APAC will be significant on that growth generator in our total revenues and we expect also in 2013 APAC growing faster than the average for the rest of the regions in Zoetis. And --
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Rick. In terms of our exposure in companion animal in OTC, so we see that this segment it's mostly effecting anti-parasitic, and in our case even our anti-parasitic portfolio, its prescription portfolio. So our revolution in the U.S. it is a problem that requires a prescription of a vet. So it's not something that is really affected by the OTC. Definitely the OTC will be a challenge that we'll continue growing, mainly in anti-parasitic and anti-parasitic that will not require the precision of a vet. The majority of our portfolio, say 95% of our portfolio requires the prescription of a vet. So, in our opinion, our portfolio is not really affected by this shift from vet clinics to the OTC channel.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay, so then in Europe, in France and the U.K. So in U.K we had the price increase in the first quarter compared to price increase in the second quarter last year. This can also have an impact in terms of the results of the first quarter. And what we see also in Europe, not only in France and U.K., in all Europe that the weather has been very cold and has been a delay on the season for ticks and flees. And definitely this can happen in the second quarter and this can also happen in fact in the total year. But this has been already incorporated in our projection for the total year. And any delay in terms of decision for parasiticides seems the animals are normally treated the mostly. This is something that will have an impact in our quarter, the second quarter, but we expect that the total year projections are the one that is going to be provided to you. Rick
Juan Ramón Alaix: One comment that is also important to remember, it's the international markets. They're closing in February and so the quarter will start March, April, May. So these are the quarter for international. While for the U.S. is the natural quarters.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Liav, and the business in Canada, Latin America grew by 4%, and this 4% I think it's something that you see in line with our expectations. So Canada, Latin America, its two big countries. Canada and Brazil they represent almost two-thirds of the total revenue of the region, and they are both countries which are highly developed in livestock and Canada highly developed also in Companion Animal. So definitely Brazil, although it's defined as an emerging market is not an emerging market for livestock because it's highly sophisticated in terms of production of animal produce. So we expect  So, we expect this region growing in line with our expectations, and again it will be some fluctuations among quarters, but at the end of the year this region -- and some of the marketing in the region will be generated in stronger growth and maybe Rick you want to cover the question on SG&A and R&D.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And Chris, thank you for the question. And what we want really it's to insist that our business should really assess on a yearly basis, that there will be some fluctuations on quarters. We have stronger quarter in Q1. There was some one-time items in this quarter. And we will see that some of these items will also have a impact in following the quarter. But rather than providing a specific guidance by quarter, we prefer that you consider or assess our business on a yearly basis, because of so many factors that it can really have an influence in our quarters but that can be compensated at the end of the year. Rick, you want to answer any other question.
Juan Ramón Alaix: I think definitely the drought has been having the highest impact in the cattle business that the herd has been reduced compared to previous year, but it has been also -- now, it is the lowest inventory of animals in the cattle ever. And these are definitely having an impact in our reactions that has been incorporated in our guidance today. The cattle will take longer to recover because it takes two to three years to really build the herd, but at the same time, poultry and swine will have a much faster recovery because swine is six month, the cycle, in the case of poultry 45 days. So, we expect that in the second part of the year, these two species swine and poultry will be back to normal situation and for cattle it will take longer. But at the same time, we expect that the because of the low inventory also the value of the animals will be higher and the amount that producer will spend for animal will be also higher to protect the health of these animals. So everything has been included in our guidance and we expect that at the end of year we will have -- we'll be back to normal situation. So with that I like to thank you everyone for joining us today. And on behalf of the entire Zoetis team I appreciate you joining us for this today call, and I hope that we have been able to share with you some of the highlights from our first quarter and reinforce why we are positioned to continue to lead in our industry. Thank you very much.
