Rick Passov: All right. Yes. Chris, I just want to make sure that my numbers were heard correctly and that I understood the numbers that you discussed. So on operating margin in 2013 roughly there is a 300 basis point improvement. What I said in my comments was that the ratio of SG&A to R&D in 2014 based on the midpoint of our guidance is going to be roughly 50 basis point improvement there about. And then as we also spoke on the call, gross margin had a modest improvement in 2013 and our outlook there is flat for 2014 and we described some of the reasons that are driving that. So and in terms of a longer term perspective, again, we go back to the basic premise, we believe we will grow at or in line with market. We believe over the long-term our expenses will grow considerably less than that. And we think that margin from there kind of cancels out.
Rick Passov: And then Alex on the question on the third-party manufacturing to remind us again of what that is, we're obligated to provide supply for some of the divested products plus we also now have a small component of third-party manufacturing that we do on behalf of Pfizer. We do expect that the amount of this volume for us will decline around 15% year-over-year probably in the early 50 millions to somewhere in the early 40 millions and we haven't made a long-term decision about the extent to which we'll decide to continue on some of these contracts as they decline or what kind of partnership will remain with Pfizer we're on – in the long-term where this fits into our overall manufacturing operations.
Rick Passov: The only small amount of color, I would add is just that if we look also Erin, I think you had said that the lower growth that we might be anticipating on a relative basis year-over-year in livestock would be an improvement in margin. I think Juan Ramón answered that I think also its worth pointing out that in companion animal we have new products and we also have some new competitors and those things are balanced in our forecast for the companion animal growth in 2014 as well.
Rick Passov: Mark, no problem. Let me just start back at the very beginning of the question. So at the average rate of FX for us over the course of 2013, we're giving you this range of about $100 million of lost revenue. If we were to apply the average rates in 2013 across how we expect the numbers to roll-out for us in 2014, exactly how that falls through the P&L there are a lot of different ways that you can do it, we haven't really worked out that math for us but you can use the P&L is an indicative model or hair cut that in a number of different ways. And in terms of -- to the extent that we get more or less revenue what is going to be the impact on SG&A as a percent of sales. I think it depends on a lot of factors, we can find ourselves in periods of time where revenue growth is also being accompanied by more promotional activities. So it's hard for me to give you a fixed line there. And also want to make sure that I'm not misquoted on the 50 basis points that I spoke to. Again, in my prepared remarks, I was simply saying that if you take the midpoint of the guidance for just SG&A and just R&D as a percent of revenue, you'll see that they were targeting in that midpoint range roughly 50 basis point improvement. I'm simply pointing out that in a year when we are facing peak to synergies as part of the standup from – in our standup efforts, we're still showing you at least in this ratio cost improvement benefits. And then I'd also point out that we had negative SG&A growth in 2013. So, if you add up 2013 and 2014, I think you get a year representative of what Juan Ramón has described as an average year that's representative of what Juan Ramón has described as our longer term goals.
Rick Passov: Thank you for the question, David. Let me start with the FX piece. The FX impact for 2013 was considerably less than what we're seeing in 2014. And yes, there is an FX component that would be somewhat of a benefit to SG&A but less so than you might think depending on which geographies we're making investments for growth and as well less so from an R&D perspective. And then – I'm sorry what was the – the second question was the kind of -- how to look at our corporate costs. So, one thing that is between 2012 and 2013 is a reallocation between what's in R&D which is part of our corporate function and what was in unallocated overhead bucket in our carve out financials that helps you sort of see 2012 and 2013 change. And then as we spoke in the other parts of what we call our corporate costs are a couple of things the build up of essential organization for manufacturing, so we built our own global supply points. And then as well those functions that resided in Pfizer where there was no analog in Zoetis. So, tax, treasury P&A to a large degree, internal audit and so on and as well the IT function. And the majority of the standup delta if you will, maybe I could use the word synergies have been occurred to-date and I think we've done a very good job of offsetting them. They don't on a – where you'll see the largest impact if you will is comparing the rate of growth in SG&A for example in Q1 of 2014 to the rate of growth in Q1 of 2013 and that's because in Q1 of 2013 and in Q2 of 2013 we called out that – the SG&A plus R&D as a percent of revenue was below what we expected the run rate would be for the full-year or even our indicative run rate. And so, when you make those quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year comparisons, you'll see somewhat unfavorable growth but it will certainly balance out pretty well as we get through the rest of the year. And then going forward, again, I think that the operating leverage is going to come from that basic tenant that we keep going back to growing at or faster than the market and controlling operating expenses to be roughly in line with inflation and modest gross margin improvement.
Rick Passov: Thank you, for the question. We get that a lot. Tax is obviously, for a number of reasons, are out in the– somebody has their line open -- are in front of us quite a lot. I would say that we're seeing the opportunity for some marginal lowering of the effect of tax rate just based on the good cash flow generation in the business and what we see our future needs are. And in terms of what the ultimate degree of freedom is for us to change our tax rate. We're pretty much where we're going to be plus the benefit of the R&D tax credit which we'd like to see at some point during 2014 and perhaps could add the opportunity to lower the 29% by up to about 50 basis points. And then I think there that's going to be good long-term estimate of what the effective tax rate is for Zoetis.
Rick Passov: That's an interesting question. I can understand the reason why it's asked. And obviously, a number of companies have found something in that strategy that works for them, but it's not something that we're contemplating.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for the question Kevin. And you are right. We expect that with fewer animals, these animals will have more valuable to the cattle businesses and we expect that also they will ensure that they have the right healthcare protocols to keep these animals for that business. But this will be compensated in someway because of the fewer animals that will be available for placement in 2014 based on the assumption that the ranchers will probably rebuild the herd and this will keep these animals for this purpose. In terms of greater use of medicines because of PEDv what we have seen is that definitely the PEDv it's reducing the number of animals available. I mention that the sows affected by the PEDv in the U.S. it's about 30% and it is expected to have an impact of reduction of 4% in terms of total animals available in the market. What the producers are indicating is that the way that they expect to compensate these fewer animals it will be to have these animals longer in terms of reaching higher weight that will also contain the number of pork available to the market. This may represent an opportunity if they keep these animals longer also to keep these animals under certain healthcare protocols. Although when they reach certain weight they are less vulnerable to infections or other diseases.
Juan Ramón Alaix: And in terms of revenues, we see that Zoetis will be growing in this five years companion animal growth in line with the market and the market is expected to grow around 5% to 6%. We also expect that our expenses will be inline with inflation and we also expect that we will generate gross margin improvement over time. Let me provide may be some comments on why we are not meeting our objective for 2014 in terms of gross margin. So one element it's the mix of products. So in 2013, we have the significant growth in swine and poultry especially in poultry that the margins are lower and these also creating some mix challenge in terms of gross margin. We also had some geographies that also impacting the mix of geographies are also impacting our geography, we are growing faster in some of the major markets and these are major markets they still have lower margin that than more developed markets. The third element is that in 2014, we are facing some unexpected synergies like freight. Again, so it's something that definitely we are working and we expect this something that will not have a long-term impact since we will be able really to achieve our target in terms of this kind of cost. We see that also some of this additional impact in cost will be offset by cost reductions also will be offset by pricing but there are some elements that also are affecting our gross margin improvement in 2014. We were expecting to generate significant growth out of a product that has a significant potential, it's a product that it's called Improvest/Improvac this product has been extremely successful in Brazil and we were expecting the same kind of success in Europe and the U.S. Unfortunately the market acceptance is taking longer in these two important regions and these are having an impact in terms of revenues but also in terms of volume that it will be absorbing significant cost in our operations. We still remain convinced that this product is really providing a significant opportunities not only in terms of replacing surgical castration in pigs to eliminate boar tint but also having feed enhancement that will result also in higher productivity for the swine producers. These products have a significant opportunity and we expect that this product will generate revenues and also a positive impact in our gross margin in the future. We expect that our actions that we are taking in 2014 will result in cost, of course improvement in 2015 and 2016 and also beyond. So we are committed to improve our gross margin and we see that this situation in 2014 is a temporary situation that we expect to solve in the future.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. Let me start with the business development and also Rick can provide comments on the third party manufacturing agreements. In terms of BD, we will remain focused on ensuring that we maximize the opportunities that we have in our portfolio and also the opportunities that will generate through our investments in R&D will not exclude opportunities in terms of adding products for a certain species or certain therapeutic classes in where we can really fill gaps or also expanding our presence in some of the markets. But definitely, it's something that we will consider opportunities as they come. And there will be two conditions that always will be in our analysis, one the strategic feed and the second the financial to support that acquisition. We are not really focused on either livestock on companion animal, I think something that we will be open to any opportunity that will meet these two conditions.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Probably the answer to that, it's not completely straight forward. So we expect some economic improvement in some of the European markets. At the same time there are uncertainties at this point in some of the emerging economies. And in these economies, I think it's something that at this point we are taking some questions in terms of growth that these economies will generate and also the impact that these growth will have in the animal healthcare industry. That's why we're still providing this range that is reflecting these uncertainties that we still have not only related to the economies but also related to some environmental factors that can be affecting our business. On the second question, it's what about the --
Juan Ramón Alaix: The pricing volume in – so in 2013, we generated higher volumes than price in our total revenue growth. I mentioned that on the 7% operational growth, 5% was volume, 2% was price. We expect that in 2014, the growth will be balanced between price and volume. And definitely we see opportunities of price increases in both livestock and also companion animal and also both in developed animal healthcare markets. Although, we see that emerging markets we will have a much more moderated price increases than a developed markets.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Ariel, for the question. Let me answer first the second question on the projections for 2014 and the different impact of the drought. The drought of the U.S. in 2012 had different impact depending on the species. Definitely on swine and poultry, we saw that the impact in these two species in 2013 was much softer than we expected. In fact these two species recovered very fast even in the first half of 2013 from the drought, because of mainly at that time, the meat price grew significantly. And then in the second half of the year, the prices remained high, but also the prices for corn were much lower than 2012. So, in these two species the drought had a very little impact, in fact swine and poultry for us grew by 12% and 10%. It is a different – the situation for the cattle industry. So the cattle industry in the first half of 2013 was affected by the drought but had a significant recovery in the second half of the year. So in total as I mentioned these species grew by 3% in our revenues. What we expect in 2014 is to have full-year of normalized weather conditions. But, because of the projections on cattle are now positive, the ranchers have decided that to increase the herd. The result of increasing the herd as I mentioned will be less animals place in the feedlot where the majority of the process are used and then the better situation in terms of weather conditions will be in some way offset by the fact that there will be fewer animals to treat in the feedlot. If I move to the first question in terms of my views in terms of M&A. So definitely, it has been a lot of news recently from other animal health companies, I think we will not enter in speculating what will be the outcome of all these strategic reviews that other competitors are making. We are convinced that our internal growth will be supporting our objectives of growing in line or faster than the market in this companion animal growth in middle to long-term. And we see maybe opportunities on some of the complementary spaces or some of the process that will be filling gaps in our portfolio. And one important element is that we already have our market share which is close to 20%, 19%. This can create some challenge in terms of antitrust. And it is something that we will really -- understanding and monitoring all the different decisions that our competitors will be making and then we'll decide depending on what will be available in the market.
