Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. In 2018, we have been making significant effort to support future growth with investment in the business. We are allocating more resources to critical R&D projects, updating and expanding many of our manufacturing capabilities and investing in key areas such as diagnostics with the recent acquisition of Abaxis. We are making good progress integrating Abaxis. Our sales teams have been cross-trained on Zoetis' and Abaxis' product lines in the U.S. and Canada, and they're already collaborating on customer accounts. Outside of the U.S. we are focused on building a more robust diagnostic team and using the existing Zoetis infrastructure to expand our diagnostics sales. The initial feedback on the acquisition has been very good. Our field force has been very positive about the potential of this combination and the more comprehensive solutions they can now bring to our veterinary customers. Early customer response has been very encouraging. Our core business and investment strategy has Zoetis well-positioned for the future with a diverse portfolio addressing needs across the continuum of care and a promising pipeline of new products and lifecycle innovations. As I mentioned last quarter, we have taken a phased filing approach for a new three-way combination parasiticide, and we continue making that progress. The product will be known by the trade name Simparica Trio, and it will combine sarolaner and two other active ingredients to focus on ectoparasites such as fleas, ticks and mites as well as internal parasites and the prevention of heartworm disease. Our phased regulatory filings are progressing in the U.S. The safety, efficacy and chemistry manufacturing and control technical sections are under FDA review. In addition, we have submitted the dossier with the European Medicines Agency and subject to regulatory reviews and approval, we would anticipate Simparica Trio coming to market in 2020. We are also progressing well with our monoclonal antibodies program, targeting pain treatment for dogs and cats. This will strengthen our leadership position for pain in dogs and allow us to expand into cats. I will provide further updates as we move through the regulatory process. Our R&D team also continues to enhance our internal portfolio with lifecycle innovations and additional product indication such as the recent expansion of Cytopoint to cover allergic as well as atopic dermatitis in the U.S., also introducing of leading product brands into new geographies and new combinations. Now turning to a few highlights of our third quarter results. Zoetis continued delivering strong revenue growth with 12% operational growth this quarter. Our diverse portfolio remains the foundation of Zoetis' steady and reliable performance with growth across our major species, markets and therapeutic areas. Our companion animal products performed very well in the third quarter based on continued growth in our key dermatology brands, new parasiticides and, for the first time, the addition of Abaxis diagnostic portfolio. We see further growth opportunities for our key dermatology products in 2019. In the U.S., we expect that portfolio to continue growing although at a lower rate than 2018. We expect to continue expanding the addressable market in the U.S. and building awareness of dermatologic conditions through ongoing direct-to-consumer campaigns. Internationally, we expect higher growth than in the U.S. driven by the expansion of the dermatology market, increasing the patient share and the potential introduction of Apoquel in China, pending final regulatory approval. Meanwhile, in livestock products, our swine, poultry and fish portfolios each delivered double-digit growth, with more modest growth in our cattle business. We expect all our species categories to show growth for the full year 2018 and also for 2019. For 2019, analysts expect the companion animal and poultry markets to outperform the overall industry growth of approximately 5%, excluding the currency impact. Swine is expected to be in line with the market growth, and cattle market growth is expected to be more limited. Turning to profitability, in the third quarter we achieved 32% operational growth in adjusted net income, thanks to our increased revenue, improved cost structure, and tax reform. In closing, in 2018 we are confident in achieving our improved annual guidance, continuing to grow revenue faster than market, and growing adjusted net income faster than revenue. And with that, let me hand things over to Glenn, who will provide more details on our third quarter results and guidance.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Jon. Glenn will answer the first question. I will cover the Abaxis question and then Glenn also will provide the comments on the 4% price increase in the quarter.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. Thank you, Glenn. In terms of the Abaxis integration, well, the retention of the field force I think is not – I can describe as 100% retention. And not only it's about retention, it's about the feedback that we are getting from the field force from Abaxis, which is extremely positive. They are expressing the excitement of the opportunity now to be supported by a larger company, by much more presence in our field. And the combination of the two portfolios is something that can create significant opportunities. I think it's too early to discuss about bundling. Definitely we see the opportunity of combining the diagnostic portfolio of Abaxis, the diagnostic portfolio of Zoetis, and also the rest of the portfolio of medicines, and it's something that it's a work in progress. We see that diagnostic medicines, vaccines, are very much integrated in the clinics, so we expect that this will present a significant opportunity in the future.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Alex. Good morning. So, let me discuss about the potential competition of our dermatology portfolio. Definitely this is something that we already communicated in previous calls that over time we expect competitors coming into this attractive market. It's a market that has been basically created by Zoetis. In the same way that many years ago, we also created the pain market for dogs, and even after many years and many new entrants, still Rimadyl remains the leading brand in terms of pain for dogs. So, we are expecting competition but we also expect that we have a very strong position with the combination of Apoquel and Cytopoint and products that has been responding extremely well to the needs of veterinarians and also the needs of dogs, and we are very confident that these products will continue growing. And new competition also will expand the market and we also benefit of this market expansion from a leadership position. Glenn will discuss about the breakdown between dermatology products, Simparica, U.S., International and also I will be covering the expectations for Livestock in 2019.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you, Louise. We expect, as I said, in 2019 modest growth in cattle for the animal health industry. We see that prices for dairy are improving. We expect that this improve to be seen in the second half of 2018. It's taking longer. But now there are indications that these prices are recovering in the U.S. and also recovering in International market. So, we are more optimistic about dairy in 2019. In 2019, we also expect small growth, very little growth in terms of number of heads in the beef section of cattle. And combining all these elements, we expect some recovery of cattle in 2019. But as I said, cattle is expected to grow at modest growth.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Okay. Thank you, Erin. So, in terms of Abaxis performance (42:06) I think it's – well, the integration of the closing of Abaxis has been at the mid of this quarter. I think it's probably a little bit too early to provide the full details of the different elements of the diagnostics implementation in the clinics. This is something that we'll discuss what will be the level of information that we'll be providing in the future. And maybe we can have this discussion in the fourth quarter when we have the full quarter already reporting and having all the elements that are under control by Zoetis. Glenn will be talking about the de-stocking question that you raised.
Juan Ramón Alaix: So, thank you, Kathy. So, you're correct, so the 59% share, it was related to patient share for Apoquel, Cytopoint. This was in previous quarters. Now we have increased to 63% in the U.S., and we are significantly lower in International markets. And again, so, International markets is where we see the opportunity of first expanding the dermatology market and also increasing our penetration with the market share. You also asked about the base business excluding I guess Apoquel, Cytopoint, Simparica, I guess this is the question. Maybe, Glenn, you can answer that.
Juan Ramón Alaix: Thank you for your attention. We are very pleased with the results of the third quarter, and as I said, extremely confident in our guidance for total year 2018 that has been growing over time, and now we have provided an increase in terms of adjusted net income for the total year . Thank you for your attention.
Glenn C. David: So, Jon, when you look at the big three, and I assume you're mentioning Apoquel, Cytopoint and Simparica, we've had very strong growth in the quarter and year-to-date. As we look forward into 2019 and 2020, we do still see opportunities for growth for all those products. So, particularly, with our dermatology portfolio we see continued growth in U.S. albeit at a slower rate as we have significant penetration in terms of patient share there. We're up to 63% already. We do see further opportunity continue to grow the market there as well. We should also see a very strong opportunity internationally where the penetration isn't quite at that level yet, so we do see continued growth internationally in Apoquel and Cytopoint as well. In Simparica we continue to see very strong performance, continued adoption, and we think that growth will continue into the 2019 and 2020 as well, but again probably at a slower rate and also the impact of competition and new products that may come into that category may also impact growth going forward.
Glenn C. David: And, Jon, in terms of the price for the quarter, so like you say, the 4% is more of a onetime impact for the quarter. The year-to-date number of 2% is much more in line with what we typically expect to be able to generate from price.
Glenn C. David: So, just to break out the numbers. So, for derm for Q3, we had total sales of $172 million. $121 million of that came from the U.S., with $51 coming from International. Breaking out Apoquel, we had total sales of $134 million, the U.S. at $88 million, International at $45 million. You can then do the math for Cytopoint, the difference between the two. For Simparica, we had total sales of $43 million in the quarter, with the U.S. at $26 million and International at $17 million.
Glenn C. David: And, Louse, in terms of margin expansion, first I'll just continue to say that we're really not managing to any particular margin, but really we are managing for long-term cash flow growth and value. But when you look forward in terms of 2019 and 2020, we've previously articulated that we expect to get gross margin expansion of about 200 basis points by 2020 with 2017 being the starting point for that. So, our cost of goods as a percent of sales at that point was about 33%. We've guided 2018 to be approximately 32%, and we do expect continued improvement in both 2019 and 2020. As we move forward, we also do expect to be able to get some leverage from operating expenses. But in 2019, in particular, as we continue to integrate Abaxis and build to make sure that we're supporting that business, that expansion may not be as strong as it may be moving forward in 2020 and beyond. But between the combination of the gross margin expansion and being able to grow expenses at a slower rate than revenue, we do expect to be able to get margin expansion moving forward.
Glenn C. David: Yes. So, just to give a little more color into the Abaxis numbers. So, we referenced that we had $42 million of sales in Q3. Just a reminder, that includes two months of U.S. and one month International, so it's a partial quarter. Of that $42 million is also $7 million related to human health diagnostics, so the animal health diagnostics piece of that $42 million was $35 million. To get to your question on growth for the quarter a little bit, Erin, if you take some of the pro forma information and then put that together with what I just referenced in terms of the $35 million, again it's not 100% audited or accurate because we're piecing together different pieces of information. But you would get to mid-single digit growth for the quarter for the legacy Abaxis business. Now, that does also include the de-stocking that I referenced which we do expect to continue into Q4. But if you were to adjust for that de-stocking, we get to double-digit growth in the Abaxis portfolio which we do expect to continue moving forward at double-digit growth rate.
Glenn C. David: Yeah. The only thing I'd add particularly for 2019 as you look at it, I mean, one of the key drivers of the expense growth for 2019 will be the fact that we'll have a full 12 months of the Abaxis portfolio and expenses supporting that portfolio in 2019 versus only a partial year this year. And we'll also still be in the build phase for some of the diagnostics field force that we're building in both the U.S. and International. As Juan Ramón said, once we move forward into 2020, we would expect particularly the G&A line to then trend much more in line with inflation, and selling in particular, we would expect expenses to be slower than revenue growth from a selling perspective as well. R&D, we'll continue to look at the opportunity and to the extent that there are opportunities to drive future short-, medium- and long-term growth, we'll make the right investments from an R&D perspective.
Glenn C. David: Yes. So, when you look at the base business in the U.S., if you exclude the derm products, volume growth is declining. That is partially offset by some positive increase in price. But overall, volume growth is declining, and that is driven by some competitive pressures that we're seeing on some of our more established products such as Revolution and Clavamox as they face competition, A, from other new products but also from generic competition. But the impact that we're seeing there is very much in line with what we expect from a long-term perspective once we lose exclusivity in terms of the 20% to 40% over an extended period of time.
