Glenn David: Sure. So I’ll take both of those questions, Erin, thank you. In terms – I’ll address the mix dynamics first. Nothing has changed really in terms of the underlying dynamics. A couple of factors related to the gross margin. A, foreign exchange was particularly unfavorable in this quarter, so that led to a step-up, a little bit in cost of goods, so that lowered the overall gross margin percentage. Also, we continued to invest in some of the new areas for growth, such as reference labs and some of the acquisitions, which also has a lower gross margin profile than our core business. But in terms of the underlying dynamics for companion animal and continued growth there being – continue to be an overall benefit for gross margin. But the FX as well as some of the investments we’re making in newer businesses such as reference labs did have a negative impact. In terms of the guidance for Q4 and the implied step-down in revenue, a couple of key factors there. A, U.S. cattle being one of the larger ones. We had a very strong quarter in U.S. cattle in Q3, really driven by 2 factors. A, the acceleration of the fall cattle run bringing some sales from Q4 into Q3. As well as a normalization of buying patterns in Q3 that resulted in some incremental sales that we did not expect to repeat in Q4. The other thing to consider for U.S. cattle in Q4 is the impact of DRAXXIN LOE in 2021. We do anticipate that some of our customers may change their buying patterns for Q4, which could result in less sales. As I mentioned, there are impacts beyond just revenue for Q4. Really, the adjusted effective tax rate is a big driver from an income growth perspective. We had a very favorable tax rate in Q4 of last year that will not repeat this year and will have a negative impact on our overall income growth.
Glenn David: Sure, Jon. So, I’ll take the DRAXXIN question. So as you mentioned, DRAXXIN is a very large product in animal health, over $300 million, a large product for us as well. Because of that, we do expect to see significant generic competition and a number of manufacturers being prepared with a generic product. So we do typically see a 20% to 40% impact over time, once a product faces generic competition. Because of the size of DRAXXIN, we do expect that, that will occur over a little more rapid period than we’ve seen in the past with some smaller products
Glenn David: Yeah, Mike, in terms of the increased spending in the quarter, so as you mentioned, we did increase spending in Q3 with total OpEx up about 9%, and SG&A up 11%. And really, what we did there is we took a lot of the savings that we saw from T&E and made incremental investments behind some of our key growth brands, particularly Simparica Trio and Apoquel in the tune of DTC advertising, which was even greater than the savings that we saw from a T&E perspective, because we believe those are the right investments, and we’re seeing a very strong return on those, to support the future growth of the brands. In terms of what you mentioned for Q4 that the EPS gap between revenue and EPS, the gap there being driven by OpEx, obviously, the bigger driver there actually is more related to what I mentioned in terms of the change in the tax rate quarter-over-quarter and the incremental interest expense. It’s really not that OpEx. It’s disproportionate to revenues. The changes that we’re seeing year-over-year, just based on some quarterly fluctuations in the tax rate as well as the incremental interest expense that we’re going to see in Q4 based on the funding that we did earlier this year.
Glenn David: Yeah. So in terms of 2021, Louise, obviously, we will be providing guidance for 2021 in February as we typically do. A couple of things to think about, right, the long-term fundamentals of the industry remain very strong with increasing pet ownership and also animal protein consumption continuing to grow. I think the other thing to think about for 2021, I think COVID has proven that this industry remains extremely resilient and we’re still able to grow very rapidly, operate very profitably even during these times. Looking into 2021, there are some things that we’re very excited about. Obviously, the continued growth that we expect to see in Trio, continued growth of our derm portfolio, and obviously, the approval of our mAb portfolio and the launch within the EU coming in the first half of the year that Kristin mentioned. Some of the things that may be a headwind, obviously, are the DRAXXIN LOE. But again, with the growth that we expect to see in some of the other brands that we’ve mentioned, we do expect that for 2021 we’ll be able to continue to deliver on our long-term value proposition of growing faster than the overall market.
Glenn David: And in terms of the diagnostic growth. So if you look at companion animal diagnostic growth for the quarter, we grew about 24%. Backing out the impact of reference labs, that growth was around 13%. So we saw very strong growth in our consumable usage. Obviously, our instrument revenue was down as it’s been a little more challenging to get into the clinics took place new instruments, but very strong performance in our overall consumable revenue growth. In terms of the benefit that we’ve seen in the usage of both the reference labs and the point-of-care together, we are very early in our reference labs strategy. We are looking to build out a network across the U.S., but that will take some time. So we’re still early on in that build-out.
Glenn David: Yeah. So just, again, to the details of the number. As you mentioned, overall, China for the quarter grew 63%. We saw 52% growth in companion animal and we saw 81% growth in livestock. And that 81% growth in livestock was driven by swine. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, swine grew 159% in China for the quarter. As we’ve continued to see the recovery in some of our key accounts and the larger producers, we’ve seen very strong performance of our products within those accounts.
Glenn David: Around derm. So in terms of the opportunity for derm, so we continue to see really strong performance in the derm portfolio. We grew 16% this quarter with 21% growth year-to-date. In terms of the continued opportunity for growth, we see opportunities for growth in both the U.S. and International. So looking at the U.S., currently, there are about 75 million dogs in the U.S. and about 14 million dogs have itchiness. Of those 14 million dogs, today about 60% are treated. So there is still 40% of the dogs with itchiness that are not treated. So we do think there is an opportunity to continue to raise awareness of the disease state and get those itchy dogs continue to take Apoquel or Cytopoint. When you look outside of the U.S., we also see a big opportunity for growth. In terms of the breakout of our sales today, about two-thirds of our sales are U.S. and one-third is International. However, the number of itchy dogs is similar between those segments. So to the extent that we’re able to continue to drive that adoption and awareness, we do believe that there is continued growth expected in the International markets as well.
Glenn David: Yeah, thanks, Michael. So in terms of share repurchase, we don’t have any specific timeline. Obviously, it’s something that we’ll continue to evaluate. There’s still a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace, particularly around COVID-19 and the timing that we expect to see a full recovery. So that’s one of the factors that we’ll continue to evaluate. One thing I’ll say though is our capital allocation priorities have not changed, right, in terms of investing in the business as our first priority. And I think you see us doing a lot of that this year, even in light of COVID, particularly with the investments that we’re making in DTC, the investments that we’re making in R&D to continue to support the medium, short and long term growth of this company, also significant investments that we’re making in manufacturing to ensure continuity of supply, and also investments that we’re making from an inventory perspective, again, to ensure continuity of supply. So we are really focusing on some of those internal investments. We’ve also been able to execute on some business development deals throughout this year as well even with the limitations that may be provided by COVID, but really good use of our capital across all areas.
Glenn David: Yeah, so just to clarify, that was based on the U.S. market size of around $2.5 billion. And the second question was around Apoquel for the quarter – for Trio, I’m sorry. So, the Trio for the quarter, we did $50 million in sales for Trio for the quarter.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I’ll build on the profile for the mAbs. As we talked about, we did get the positive CVMP opinion on Librela. We are expecting an approval later this year with the hope of launching that in the first half of 2021. I know we’ll probably get a question why first half. It really depends, is it February, March, it will be around that timeframe. Remember, International has an earlier quarter. So we will start to see a ramp on that product in 2021. We are still expecting approval of the cat pain product, [Cylenthia] [ph], in 2021 as well. We’ll probably see approval of those in the U.S. in the later end of next year. So just to give you a sense of just where we see those revenues ramping, both cat and dog in the U.S. and EU.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, Mike. I’ll start on the COVID recovery question. I think what you clearly saw in Q3 was a significant rebound in companion animal to people going back to vet business. But really, the big growth driver there wasn’t really an increase in vet visits from 2019. Maybe there’s an increase from Q2 to Q3. It was really an increased spend per visit, which we think is a trend that will continue as long as people spend more time at home with their pets, they are noticing more and more things are getting diagnosed, as well as increased use of diagnostics. And that is really we believe definitely U.S. trend, but we also believe a global trend there. So we think companion animal will continue to do well. I think in the remarks, what we had alluded to was that specifically U.S. cattle where, we saw real – in Q2 a significant dip, people not wanting to hold too many inventories. In Q3, it was just more of a return to – normalizing that. But the other trend was really the move, I mean, it wasn’t COVID related, just weather-related, moving of the fall run. So overall from a COVID recovery, I don’t think there’s any pent-up demand that we’re processing anymore. I think things have largely stabilized. Obviously, when you see the number of cases increasing in the U.S. and globally, that’s right now baked into the guidance we’ve given you, assuming that things don’t get remarkably worse or remarkably better. But I think all that’s sort of baked in. And as we look into next year, I think it’s a little too early for us to really tell exactly what that’s going to look like. But I think the key message for us, as you look at our performance and our guidance for the year, is that we’ve been an incredibly resilient and essential business. And that has really been great for our customers, for our colleagues and for our shareholders.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, David. I’ll start with we’re not anticipating any combination competition in the U.S. this year or in the first half of next year. As we’ve talked about many times, we don’t have phenomenal intelligence the same way human health does, but we continue to believe that. And to build up on Glenn’s comments, as a result, we are investing heavily behind this product in DTC to gain market share as quickly as we can. As we look at sort of the growth, Glenn also mentioned in his remarks that the penetration of clinic is improving, but probably not as great as we would have wanted, given the difficulty in detailing the product in person. However, where we have penetrated, the sales have been much higher. And honestly, we’ve been cannibalizing Simparica much less than we expected. And we’re really seeing is an overall bringing more people in. If you look at flea, tick, heartworm, really only 10% of people who are even taking it are 100% compliant. So we think that remains a significant opportunity for us. And again, we have a strong franchise here across parasiticides and flea, tick, heartworm. And as Glenn also mentioned, we had a 6% share gain in the overall category, which I think is really impressive. So whether that’s Simparica, Simparica Trio or ProHeart 6 or ProHeart 12, we believe we have the portfolio for our customers no matter where they are in the country, how they practice or what their pet owners’ needs are. So we continue to believe there’ll be strong growth there, and we’re going to invest behind this brand next year, while we remain the only triple combination in the U.S.
Kristin Peck: Sure. So thanks, Nathan. I’ll start on just looking at the overall market for pain, starting with Librela since it will probably be our first approval there at least in Europe. Pain right now in dogs is around a $400 million market, but there hasn’t been significant innovation in that space. And although we do not yet have a label for our product, we believe that a monoclonal antibody will have a strong efficacy as well as safety profile. And we think that we’ve demonstrated, certainly in derm, our ability to grow the market to really raise awareness, bringing innovation in, brings new customers in and new options. So we do really believe we can continue to do that. If you look at it today, there’s about 165 million dogs across the EU and the U.S., and about 40% of them will get OA. And right now, depending on whether in the U.S. or Europe, really diagnosis is somewhere between 25% and 40%. So we do believe there’s a significant opportunity to both grow the market as well as bring people in and better diagnose that to really help that. That’s really where we see our – the market on dog. If you focus on cat, we think there’s an even bigger market here mostly because many cats are not medicalized today. There are 160 million cats about 40% of them as well have OA. But here, you’re really seeing, whether you’re in the U.S. or the EU, only about 14% of them being diagnosed. And in the U.S., there really is not an alternative. There really is no pain product for cats. There are a few options in Europe. But we really see this as a significant opportunity and ability to grow the medicalization of cats and really to diagnose pain and to treat it. So we’ve demonstrated certainly in dermatology our ability to create and to grow markets. And we very much believe across both Librela and [Cylenthia] [ph] in dog and cat that we will have the opportunity to do that. We are not expecting competition at this point, certainly in 2021 from what we understand in this market. So we do believe it’s our ability to continue to drive growth and really provide new opportunities for both vets and pet owners to treat pain.
Kristin Peck: Thanks, Ekaterina. What I think we’ve demonstrated is that overall animal health, and more specifically, pet care is a very resilient industry. And I think what we – what’s probably been a little bit different in COVID, in a pandemic and certainly an economic challenges, people are adopting more pets. And more importantly, they’re spending more time at home with those pets. So in a typical year, in the U.S., you’ll see about 3.2 million adoptions. We don’t have great data yet on what the increase is, but I think anecdotally, no matter where you sit, everyone has a new dog or cat in your neighborhood. So we’re definitely seeing, as you look at our vaccine sales, certainly an increase in some of these areas. But I really think what’s changing is dogs are becoming a greater part of the family. People are spending more time at home. I don’t think that’s going to change overnight. And therefore, they’re noticing more conditions with their dogs. They’re also spending more time at home, seeing our ads and realizing that they’re – if they have a dog who’s sick, there is a product for that. So I don’t think that trend – maybe it was more accelerated this year, but I think those dogs and cats are here to stay. I think people will change their behaviors, and some of them, I think, around spending more time with the comfort, be it emotional or otherwise, of pets will continue. And as you look at Europe, your question with regards to COVID in Europe, the data in Europe, as you know, is not as reliable and – as in the U.S., there’s not as many comprehensive data sources. But what we’re hearing anecdotally is our customers figured out in Q2 how to continue to see pets through curbside check-ins, and that really hasn’t changed. They figured out how to operate, given they’re an essential business and we really don’t – we have not seen so far any significant changes. Obviously, there’s incremental lockdowns being announced, obviously, in the last 24 to 48 hours in Italy and other places. But as you look at our guidance for the year, unless it gets significantly worse, we think that’s baked in. And I think if you look at what we’ve learned between Q2 and Q3, we think that our customers will be able to manage well as we move into 2021, certainly on the pet care side, to manage continuing to see pets and to diagnose them either through telemedicine or through curbside check-in. So we do believe the trends there are resilient.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I’ll start on the diagnostic, on IMAGYST. We are very pleased with how that’s going. As you know, the first indication for the IMAGYST, which is an AI-driven diagnostic, is in fecal. That’s about a $500 million market, growing about 7%. People are excited at the opportunity for this technology and certainly for additional indications. So we are on track there, and I think we’re very pleased with this progress. And given the positive receptivity to it, we are accelerating our investments to bring new indications overall there. And as you look at poultry, certainly in the U.S., there is definitely a rotation, which we always talk about, that was definitely a driver in the quarter, and I think you’ll see again moving into Q4. It’s also potentially one of the reasons we guided where we did on livestock overall in Q4. Obviously, there’s the overall impact to all of the livestock sectors of COVID and less consumption and more dine-in versus dine-out. But poultry specifically, it was more around the rotation there.
Kristin Peck: Sure. I’ll start and I’ll let Glenn build on this. We were very pleased, obviously, with the growth in China and really the balance between companion animal and livestock there. Certainly, on the livestock side, we are seeing a faster-than-we-expected growth coming back from ASF. But really with the large integrated producers, there’s still a significant ASF challenge there. But given the biosecurity of some of them, we are seeing significant growth there. And in companion animal, similar to some trends at other places, is just great growth across the portfolio and strong performance there, certainly on Revolution, launching RIMADYL, just now getting the approval on Simparica. It’s more a timing of regulatory on Trio there, but I’ll let Glenn get into some specifics on the numbers and the growth.
Kristin Peck: And the other thing I’ll say, we’re still looking at not having competition, so at the earliest the second half of next year. So we’re going to, obviously, continue to try to grow those as fast as we can and gain market share.
Kristin Peck: Sure. Starting on DRAXXIN, I mean, it’s a little bit hard to tell you exactly what we think the destocking will be. I think given the expectation for many of our customers that they will see significant new generic entrants, I’m sure they will think differently about building inventories ahead of normally what is our price increases in Q1, and that was sort of what Glenn was alluding to earlier. Obviously, we have a robust defense plan for DRAXXIN. It’s an important product. We still have – given its high margin – significant pricing leverage here. But obviously, we anticipate that some of our customers who would normally stock up at the end of the year ahead of the price increase will not be doing so there. And how high can medicalization rates get for OA? I mean you’d love to believe that all those dogs would be diagnosed. I don’t think you’re going to really ever get to that exact number. But we try to look at our ability, for example, in derm to try to do that. So we do think there’s a significant opportunity, both because they’re bringing innovation and we also believe that the anticipated potential safety profile of a mAb will bring more people out that are struggling certainly on the dog side, but definitely on the cat side as well. So I think it’s a little too early to say exactly where you can go, but there’s a significant opportunity. And we’ve demonstrated before that we’ve been able to grow markets as we’ve entered them with new innovative technologies.
Kristin Peck: Okay. Well, thank you all for your questions and continued interest in Zoetis. We look forward to keeping you updated on our business and continuing to deliver the results and innovations, that you and our customers expect for us. Stay well. Thanks so much.
