Gary P. Luquette: Thanks, Jeff. Before we open the call up to your questions, I would like to talk a bit on our outlook for 2016, which can found on page 17. With the majority of our customers keenly focused on cash flow and responding accordingly with reduced capital budgets, it's unlikely that we would expect to see a recovery in the oilfield services space in 2016. We expect visibility to remain cloudy, activity to be muted, and further discussions around price relief expected in 2016. While painful in the short term, large reductions in capital spending are necessary to balance the oil supply demand fundamentals, and we believe we will begin to see the current imbalance narrow in the latter part of 2016. Even if commodity prices begin to show signs of recovery in the second half of 2016, it is doubtful our customers would have the confidence to increase capital spending that quickly. Therefore, we would not be surprised to see our full year revenues fall from 2015 levels. The amount of activity and the scope of activity lies in the hands of our operating customers around the world, but how we respond in terms of reducing cost, improving efficiency and demonstrating our value to the customers to compete for business is in our control. We are confident that even if 2016 offers additional downward pressure to the top line, we can deliver good margins and be cash flow neutral to positive at the trough of the cycle by controlling what we can control. Thank you for your time and attention. And with that, we will open up the call for questions.
Gary P. Luquette: Well, the Middle East the attraction there is the staying power of the national oil companies and some of the improved economics just because of the lack of geologic, geophysical risk, reservoir risk, as well as well complexity. So not all markets are the same obviously, some markets represent higher margin opportunities, others represent a more stable base and managing the overall portfolio is what we're trying to do to keep top-line revenues at or higher than what we're seeing now.
Gary P. Luquette: So it is mostly West Africa in the short-term. Obviously these big projects that are slipping to the right also have some pretty substantial well complexity challenges with them that also represent opportunities for higher margins, but those are ones we think eventually will have to eventually be committed to and executed. But in particular (28:33) we mentioned in my opening remarks the lack of economic success that they've had in the sub-salt play in Angola has really caused a huge shift in well complexity. We're pursuing other opportunities in West Africa to offset some of the loss that we see in this sub-salt play, but those would come with less complex wells and obviously less complex wells typically translates into a lower margin operation.
Gary P. Luquette: Well, in our last quarter call we mentioned there were an abnormal amount of either infrastructure delays associated with installation problems. There were an abnormal high number of loop current impacts that set drilling back, as well as just some well drilling and completion problems. It was abnormal. We felt that, as we would move out of that quarter, we would start seeing some of that work pick up and we have. I'd love to tell you that our confidence that operational issues are going to go away and we're going to see a new normal that is reflected in what we saw this quarter, but it's really impossible to predict that. We'd like to think that our customers learn from some of their challenges and as they drill subsequent wells they build those learnings into their execution plan and avoid those, but it's just hard for us to predict that.
Gary P. Luquette: I would like to think that it's a structural shift. But again, many of these projects are individual wells, are competitively bid. Rigs move from region to region. So this has always been kind of our backyard. It's an area where we have great capability, especially when we think about lower tertiary trend wells that require the highest of technology and capacities to be able to execute. So I'd love to think that there is a structural shift there that could be sustained, but it's hard to really be able to say that with any confidence.
Gary P. Luquette: Okay. So when we talk about complementary product and service lines, it would be definitely limited to within the well construction space. There's still a lot of opportunities there. For instance, there's a lot of jewelry that is clamped on to casing and tubulars that we run. Obviously, that'd be an opportunity. We are looking at just about anything to increase our time on the rig floor. So when we talk about that sort of thing, we're looking at things that don't move too far out of our sweet spot, but things that would complement what we're good at and what our main business is today.
Gary P. Luquette: And our national oil company customers and the IOCs that work for them have just not moved as quickly in the price space as we've seen in the U.S.
Gary P. Luquette: Jim, I don't think I would feel comfortable in answering that question just because obviously there's some competitive forces at place at work here, so I think we'll let that one just lie. James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) That's okay, but the way you answered it still helped, so I appreciate that.
Gary P. Luquette: Well, I think the deepwater response, Jim, is going to be more a function of lease obligations, lease schedules, and major capital project schedule than they're going to be pricing related. Obviously, if there is options to defer, because your risk profile is a little more difficult, a little more challenged in the deepwater, I would expect those to be slid to the right as far as the operator can, because those represent the more capital intense projects and if it's exploration or delineation drilling represents your highest risk profile wells. But as I mentioned earlier in response to a question, the fungibility of that program is limited and, at some point, you have to decide whether you're going to let that discovery go and allow it to go back into the till for others to bid on later or whether you're going to go ahead and commit to a project on the premise that you'll see price recovery longer term and that will intersect with the first oil schedule.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Sure. So this is Jeff Bird. So if you look at Africa, we saw about $2 million impact in the quarter from a pricing standpoint on a Q-on-Q basis. The rig count decline was specific to the pre-salt falling off and we've seen a little bit of mix there as well that impacted as well. The pre-salts tend to be the higher margin segment of our business; and as we move out of that, we see the margins come down as well, but about $2 million from a pricing standpoint.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. So this is Jeff Bird again. Specifically on the tubular segment, we talked earlier in the year we saw some subpar margins earlier in the year and we talked about those margins coming back to the 20% level. They exceeded that this quarter. They exceeded that this quarter primarily because, as we talked about, Tubular Sales can be pretty lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. So we wouldn't expect to see the level of sales that we had this quarter. It comes down to more of an average. If you really look at the average for the year, you're going to see that business come down to more of the average for the year. Things move sometimes from quarter-to-quarter and makes the numbers look odd there. But you can see the average revenue, if you average those first three quarters, that would be about the average in the fourth quarter with about a 20% margin. And then we're not really looking or commenting right now on 2016 outlook.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Sure. So if we look through the end of the third quarter, we've eliminated about 1,000 positions from the beginning of the year till now. As I said on the last call, we're not going to make a big bang announcement about those things anymore. You're just going to see them in the releases and you're going to see the benefit of those falling through to the bottom line. You see that in the deleveraging side that we showed earlier that that's starting to go to the bottom line there. As far as CapEx, we're calling a CapEx number of about $75 million for next year. Now, that's down substantially from the $120 million that we're now advertising for this year. We'll continue to evaluate that $75 million and we could go either way with it. We've got a very strong balance sheet. So if we saw opportunistic areas where we needed to invest, we can certainly do that. But right now, $75 million is the target.
Jeffrey J. Bird: So I'll speak specifically around – I think what you're asking if I understand is you're asking specifically around what the cost benefit is of the positions eliminated. And our overall productivity projects, inclusive of that, are base closures and positions eliminated. The annualized benefit of that is around $55 million.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Sure, let me comment on that. I think a couple of things there. One is we continue to look at the cost base there. So we've shut down – year-to-date, we've closed 10 bases and we're continuing to evaluate that as we go forward, but there's certainly a level you reach where we wouldn't want to go below because this is a strategic business for us. And we really look at it over the entire cycle and we recognize that right now we might continue to operate below breakeven. But if you look at it over the entire market cycle, it's a very good business for us, and it's a business we want to be in. So we'll do some cost actions, but candidly we are going to need some market recovery to really get back above breakeven.
Jeffrey J. Bird: We really don't break out the International business between land and onshore, so wouldn't want to comment on that.
Jeffrey J. Bird: And just building then on Gary's comment around debt on the balance sheet, we would up to 2 times trough EBITDA from a debt standpoint; we'd consider something in that range. Obviously, with having $0.5 billion on the balance sheet today, we've got a little bit of room to move before we have to worry about that.
Jeffrey J. Bird: The offshore side is probably still in that 5% to 10% range and we talked earlier that – so if we talk about the three markets, U.S. Land's obviously been hit the hardest from a pricing standpoint. Second is Gulf of Mexico. In International, we've seen a little bit of movement, but we've not seen much movement at all on the International side. But overall, offshore is probably in that 5% to 10% range. If you start adding in the U.S. Land, that becomes a larger number.
Jeffrey J. Bird: More contracted complex wells where, quite frankly, we've got the right technology and we can continue to maintain those margins.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Sure. I think that Q3 to Q4 International is going to be flattish as well. From a margin standpoint, we talked about the cost actions we're taking. You won't see a meaningful impact on those. In the fourth quarter, you will likely see that benefit more in the first quarter next year as we work through those, but I think you'd see it flattish from Q3 to Q4.
