Gary P. Luquette: Thanks, Jeff. Before we open the line for questions, I'd like to turn to page 13 and summarize some of the reasons for optimism about the future of oilfield services in general and specifically Frank's. First, the acquisition of Blackhawk provides an opportunity to increase our time on the rig and substantial growth potential across our global footprint. The well construction and well intervention applications bring differentiated technologies and expertise that span beyond deepwater. Second, the pace of declines in the offshore areas we operate in are showing signs of slowing and could potentially bottom in the second half of 2017. In conjunction with this, we're starting to see results of efforts in gaining share in the underrepresented markets. These wins, while taking time to ramp up, will not only begin to improve our earnings but serve as a growth platform for making Frank's less levered to deepwater recovery and a more balanced well construction company. Market segmentation exercises have given us the blueprint to achieve this without overly diluting our margin profile. By going after the global shelf and onshore opportunities that involve more complex wells, and thus, Frank's more advanced technologies, we can complement our deepwater business with more diversification and competitive margins. Third, rig count in the U.S. onshore business is steadily increasing and it appears that a recovery is underway with commodity prices averaging $45 to $50 a barrel the past few weeks. Because of the depth and the length of the downturn, it is easy to forget that this was a 20%-plus margin business just two years ago. With the adjustments made to lower our costs, more rigs coming back online and some early signs of rate increases that should carry over into 2017, we are confident that we are on the path to profitability once again. Finally, our journey to improve operationally is ongoing both in terms of lowering our cost structure and increasing efficiency. We have built and retained a talented workforce that is focused on improving the way we deliver services to our customers and engage with our suppliers. Although we still have opportunities in front of us, we have invested in the right procedures and infrastructure and are taking the appropriate actions to reap benefits for the remainder of the downturn and into the recovery. In closing, 2017 will not be without challenges, but our strategy to diversify our offerings through acquisition, expand our share in underrepresented markets both geographically and across well types and maintaining our leadership in providing technology advanced solutions for our customers will lead us through the trough of the cycle and position us to outperform in the up-cycle. With that, I'd like to now open up the call for questions.
Gary P. Luquette: Yes. Well, with our market segmentation exercise that we undertook earlier in 2016, we identified certain markets and countries that we wanted to address very quickly and move into. So it's a gain of market share in some of these regions is what you're seeing as a result of our early successes coming into play now.
Gary P. Luquette: Yes. So we have targeted more of the NOC customers as well as small mix of IOCs, but it's typically more of the NOC customers that are coming into play as well as we're targeting more of a shelf type market and some increase in land operations also.
Gary P. Luquette: And I'd just add, we watch very closely our receivables and the customer's ability to pay, Jim, and we watch that very carefully and don't allow that to build too much or start being selective in what jobs we bid.
Gary P. Luquette: Yeah. It's really the basins that we operate in today. There're some areas that we've looked at and said they're not strategic from our standpoint. So it's more the basins we can touch and the rigs that we can touch as opposed to the entire market.
Gary P. Luquette: I might just add what you have just said. Yeah, our visibility right now in 2017 is very limited only because our major customers are in the early stages of budgets. And although we pickup through all of our customer contacts kind of what the optimism or pessimism is for 2017 commodity prices until those budgets get finalized, we're not going to know for sure, but I think the way Jeff characterized the macro setup that's generally how we are planning our business. The real opportunity set for us next year in changing our own internal dynamics is the success we have in penetrating those underrepresented markets and the ramp-up of the Blackhawk product and service line across our international footprint. Those are the x factors.
Gary P. Luquette: Okay. Thank you, Brandon, and thanks to all on the call today for your interest in Frank's and for participating in today's call and we'll disconnect now. Thanks.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yes. So if you look at the Blackhawk revenue, we would expect the fourth quarter to be probably our share of it, which is two of the three months of the quarter, to be around $10 million and it runs around $1 million a month in EBITDA.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah, we can. On the corporate costs, we're a total of – hold on a second let me grab that number. Corporate costs are a total of $17.7 million, so roughly $18 million in the quarter. And inclusive in those corporate costs are a couple million dollars for ongoing FCPA. That runs about $1 million to $2 million a quarter, roughly, it's a little lumpy and then we've got some investment that we're making as well in HRIS systems. And then from a manufacturing standpoint, third quarter was $1.5 million, so let's call it $2 million in the quarter.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. So if you look at the entire shelf market and that's one of the underrepresented markets that we talk about, we're at around 10%, 11% market share today compared to a much greater market share from a deepwater standpoint. We would look for that to expand over the course of 2017 and could even see double that from a market share standpoint as we exit 2017. We've got some early wins. We're not talking about customers right now because we're in the process of ramping up with those customers and the same thing holds true for land and actually the international landside is about the same, about an 8% to 10% market share and we see expansion there as well going forward.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Sure. I'll give the macro view, I guess, from that standpoint and then I'll let Gary and B.J. jump in with a little bit more color. So if we look at the deepwater side offshore, we really see that continuing to decline off the fourth quarter run rate. And I don't think that surprise. I think most folks are saying that by mid-year, that'll start to stabilize and bottom out and then we'll start to see some recovery in the back half of 2017. Shelf has been resilient. We think shelf will continue to be resilient. We're looking more at share gains there, if you will, in 2017. And likewise you didn't ask but I'll comment. On the land, on both U.S. land and international land, we're starting to see activity increases and we're actually starting to see some price recovery as well there. Our challenge is obviously balancing that deepwater decline with the gains that we expect in the shelf and land.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. We'll have to come back to you on how it splits out to the different segments, but broadly speaking, the $40 million would be an add back in 2017. It'll ramp throughout 2017. So we'll have a large chunk of that $40 million in Q1 and then be in full mode by Q2. If I think about the break between International and U.S., it's probably about 50/50 actually between International and U.S. Services. Most of it is being executed in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. I mean I'll give you a couple of the highlights and then I might – maybe with Blake you can go back and work that reconciliation a little more offline. I think a couple of the elements that are in there right now is the $20 million in restructuring in the quarter is a fairly sizable adjustment in the quarter. You're right. Net receivables was a $20 million drag. That's a little bit of the mix shift that we talked about in the quarter. And then overall if you look at working capital, there's some improvement. Some of the EDC burn that we had or coming out that we had kind of offsets the working capital decline in DSOs.
