Frank Bisignano: Thanks, Bob. I'm very proud of the results we've accomplished, with another quarter of double-digit adjusted revenue growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth.  In addition to delivering on our financial results, we continue to focus on our associates and our communities. In July, Fiserv was named to the Disability:IN's Disability Equality Index 2021 Best Places To Work, and in September, received the Silver Torch Award from the National Black MBA Association as Partner of the Year, recognizing our commitment to putting diversity at the forefront of our values and talent and client engagement strategies.  During the quarter, we also entered into a multiyear relation with -- into multiyear relationships with Girl Scouts USA and the Russell Innovation Center for entrepreneurship. These partnerships focus on increasing access and opportunity for aspiring women and minorities within the entrepreneurial ecosystem.  We also expanded our Back2Business program to Detroit and the Washington, D.C.; Maryland, Virginia area as well as internationally with our entry into the U.K. Additionally, during the quarter, we also completed our CDP submission, and for the first time, published our EE0-1 filing on our Internet site.  None of these achievements would have been possible without our world-class talent. I thank our more than 40,000 associates around the world for their commitment and courage as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and you, our shareholders.  With that, operator, please open the line for questions. 
Frank Bisignano: We also have those -- 3 of the top 25 issuers that are beginning onboarding. So that will be within the numbers next year. And you heard us talk about us converting BBVA onto our platform also for our client, PNC. So -- and you're going to continue to get the Zelle ramp in there also as that continues to grow and we onboard more. So I think those all will factor into next year's numbers. 
Frank Bisignano: Well, maybe I'll talk about what we've been doing on M&A, and how we're looking at M&A. And I think the first thing is, whether it's M&A or building out businesses, we're investing organically and inorganically. And I think the thing that, hopefully, you see is our agility and speed and innovation.  We talked about OnDot, and it's fully integrated beyond its initial capability and now in our mobile product and winning in the market. You see us go and look at BentoBox. And we're extending our total addressable market with the capability that will start with restaurants, but actually could be a storefront and much larger.  But all of these are nurturing good, strong startups that then we'll allow to thrive in our environment. And we put the capital behind them to integrate them and grow. And you hear how we bring SpendLabs along with it. So I think you should expect us to continue that and realize that -- I think we believe we have a deep skill set in integrating properties, transforming our property itself. In some cases, we're even disrupting ourselves in the process as we move from CardValet to CardHub to an integration. So you should expect us to continue to do that and be very, very thoughtful about acquisitions. But we will invest inorganically and we'll invest organically. And we will invest organically in the acquisitions to allow them to thrive within our ecosystem and not to be stand-alone entities. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I mean let's go first to -- that volume coming off our system is in our revenue number. So hold that thought, right? I mean -- so when you look at a large processing client off a JV, that's exactly what it sounds like. Which is, first of all, they -- this was long telegraphed by the client. But when we always talked about our business, we knew the RPT on this and never saw it as an real economic impact. Really just a volume impact to our business. And they went in-house. It wasn't a competitive takeaway, and it was part of their strategy. We're happy to support them with our processing capability through our JV for the period of time that we did it. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I mean I take this as a long-term issue really back in time, right? I mean we're a platform, as we like to say, for everything from fintechs to SMB to large enterprises. And if you think about what we did with Clover, that was opened up a community to the development community, so we can be a platform for them and then a platform for our end users.  So my view and our view is we're happy to do things to disrupt ourselves, like you see us doing with the SpendLabs, the OnDots. And even Clover was a disruptor of ourselves. And we'll continue to use our platform to enable. And ultimately, we want to serve all communities.  So if you think about things we've talked about here, Chime previously, NYDIG, Baakt being an enabler and one of our clients' coin base. You think about us bringing PayPal into the bill payment ecosystem. We are going to use our platform to enable. And then we're going to compete heavily with our full capabilities. So our traditional clients who will get all the capabilities and continue innovation. And we will also enable those that have the capabilities that we believe our clients would use.  When you think about all of that -- you hear us talk about being a token provider for Microsoft. That's about bringing their authorization rates higher. So I don't really find any conflict here. We have waterfront property. We open up the waterfront property. And our job is to enable commerce, and we get paid for enabling commerce. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. And I would just add, Clover is a platform of choice. You heard about the international expansion of that. And I would think that as people are making choices going forward with disruption, for others, that will just further accelerate our growth. 
Frank Bisignano: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We appreciate your support. If you have further questions, please contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day, and thank you for everything. 
Robert Hau: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. This is Bob. I would attribute largely that variation to the difference between volume and trends of our mix relative to what you might see in Visa as well as the yield. Ever so slightly, that ebbs and flows within the quarter depending on the mix of SMB versus enterprises. Overall, we feel quite good about the overall performance, how we're performing against the overall market and against our peers. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Lisa. The way to think about this, this is a large client that we processed through a joint venture. We pointed it out in terms of adjusting our volume and transactions for transparency, it has very little impact overall on the actual revenue. And the revenue numbers you see there are as reported, so including that decline. That client is largely off our platform at this point, and so you'll see it from a year-over-year standpoint. But there's no more decline going forward because they're essentially off our platform at the end of third quarter. 
Robert Hau: Yes, David, I think it's tough to call anything normal these days. I would expect our fourth quarter to be roughly in line with third quarter sequentially for this year. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I wouldn't call it any delays per se, but we highlighted a few growth drivers that we'll see into 2022: a couple of the new wins, PayPal going live. We signed a new large U.S. telecom that will go live soon. And of course, the announcement of Credit Choice will help us as we launch that program. As Frank pointed out, we're now in pilot. We're seeing very strong demand for that program, for something that we had not formally announced yet. So we're just now announcing that. So we have some good early read on that. And of course, we'll have CardHub, the offering that we acquired through OnDot, for a full year next year. And that is now fully integrated into our Mobiliti platform, and we continue to build out that capability. 
Robert Hau: And then, James, as far as paying down debt, we've seen a significant reduction or improvement in our leverage, now at 3.2x. Back when we completed the merger, we were just over 4x. But we continue to generate good free cash flow. And as you may recall, back at our Investor Day last December, we talked about the capital to deploy over the next 5 years of more than $30 billion.  As we enter 2022, not only will we have very strong cash flow, but we will also have capacity on the balance sheet. As EBITDA grows, the company will naturally delever. And so we'll have the capability to borrow just to maintain that historic leverage ratio. So we feel like we're very good -- positioned to be able to complete acquisitions that we feel we want to complete. It's not prohibited or constrained by capital. 
Robert Hau: Yes. Jason, the way to think about it is, our 11% revenue outlook, certainly at the high end of our original outlook, was 7% to 12%. So we're growing quite a bit faster than we originally expected overall. We are also seeing meaningful opportunities to invest for growth. So to your point, CapEx is higher in terms of spending on creating new capabilities, new products and services as well as integrating the acquisitions that we announced earlier in the year. Things like OnDot, the software development that we're investing there to not only integrate into our existing capabilities, our other products and services, but to create new capability with some of those acquisitions, led us to make the decision to continue to invest in growth and still have very good free cash flow and good cash conversion overall. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Darrin. It's Bob. Overall, obviously, we are quite pleased with the progress and the continued growth prospects of Clover. GPV up 46%, just under $200 billion for third quarter on an annualized basis. We continue to invest in new capabilities and expand our reach there. As you know, a large proportion -- about 90% of that volume is new to Fiserv, and so that is certainly a growth driver for the company overall and continue to expect that going forward.  We're adding capabilities. BentoBox, as a great example, is building out some of the verticals. Across that capability, we have significant, strong distribution channels. And with the dissolution of the BAMS joint venture, we have a good and very quickly growing direct channel that we didn't see us have a few years back. And so we continue to see good opportunity there.  And in terms of the terminal dynamic, we have -- obviously, we have our own Clover devices. We also use other terminals for the other parts of our company. And we have a variety of different providers of those terminals, and no disruption to us at this point. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Darrin. I think the way we think about capital deployment has been and remains quite consistent and quite balanced. We continue to focus on growing the business organically, doing value-accretive inorganic growth, i.e., acquisitions. And then, obviously, always looking to return cash to shareholders where appropriate. I don't think you ought to anticipate us doing a large buyback. As you know, we're essentially in the market every quarter and have been for years, short of the short period of time between announcing and closing our merger back in 2019. And we'll continue to be a disciplined capital allocator. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Tim. So a couple of things to think about there. One, in terms of channel, we are seeing broad growth across all of our channels, whether it's through partners, through ISV, ISOs, through obviously our joint ventures as well as, as I mentioned in a previous question, building out our direct channel. We have, have had and continue to be focused on having a very wide breadth of distribution capabilities and continue to focus on winning in all of those channels. And that remains -- it has been and will continue to be a broad focus of ours.  And then in terms of breakdown of revenue, we haven't given detail around the mix of hardware versus software versus processing. Obviously, the vast majority of our revenue in the Merchant Acceptance business is the merchant acquiring revenue inside of Clover. Obviously, we've got hardware that we sell. But the magic to Clover is you sell the hardware and then you have a processing client, a merchant acquiring client for years and years with high attach and high attainment rate. And we continue to focus on that. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I think a couple of things. Number one, we have a number of referral partners. And over the last several quarters, we've announced these or talked about these, whether it's Zip or Bread or Citizens Pay. We continue to be focused on enabling multiple options for our merchants. And obviously, we're the merchant acquirer for those merchants, and so providing that capability maintains that relationship with those merchants. And in terms of credit versus ACH, et cetera, I think broad industry view is, today, a large portion of that -- paying for buy now, pay later activity is actually paid or are finally executed through card payments. 
Robert Hau: No. I think the key there is, while buy now, pay later has a high volume in terms of news, it's still a relatively small portion of the overall GPV or merchant space and not moving the needle. And in fact, in some instances, instead of one transaction, you're actually seeing 4 transactions. 
Robert Hau: Yes. So I think I tried to give some of that color in our prepared remarks. In our FinTech segment, year-to-date, we're now at 4%. And we expect for the full year to be in that medium-term outlook range of 4% to 6%. And then in our Payments segment, again, relative to kind of our medium-term guidance, our medium-term outlook of 5% to 8%, we expect to be in that range. That is adjusted from previously, where we expected to be at the high end of the -- toward the high end of the range. Right now, I'd say just in the range. And year-to-date, we're at 5%. 
