Michael C. Kearney: Thanks, Kyle. Looking at slide 13, let me close our prepared comments with a summary of our initiatives and expectations for 2018. First, we will commercialize market-ready technology across our business segments and make investments in technology that will extend our time on the rig. We are well equipped with our strong balance sheet to invest in research and development. Next, we will continue the global expansion of Blackhawk. The rationale for the Blackhawk acquisition is playing out with a successful 2017 and we are now looking to meet our next target in 2018 of growing revenue 20% year-over-year. Third, we will continue to evaluate all of our product and service lines to determine if they meet our financial objectives and if not how we can modify them through ramped up cross-selling initiatives, cost containment, a strategic alliance or divestiture. We have the balance sheet to pursue acquisitions that fit our portfolio. We have the willingness and liquidity to grow inorganically if the right opportunity is available. Finally, we're charging our leaders to be accountable and hit their profit targets by growing the top and bottom lines of their businesses. Each business must be projected to operate at a full cycle return threshold that achieves our profit target. Our G&A and cost of revenue reductions will be important drivers of our 2018 success. The way we manage the business is quite simple. Value our most important asset our employees, listen to our customers and help them accomplish their objectives. Be cost conscious and efficient to increase our profitability. And as a result increase our shareholder value. We exist to grow shareholder value and we will relentlessly pursue this objective. Operator, we'll now open up the call for questions.
Michael C. Kearney: Okay. I'll let Scott who is our Blackhawk expert to take that. We have had several – before I'll turn it over to Scott – several situations where the cross-selling opportunities are starting to bear fruit where TRS customers are interested and starting to use Blackhawk. And there's actually been some cross-pollination in the other way where some of the Blackhawk customers have decided to use us for some TRS services. It's fairly small the cross-selling at this point in time, but that's the big opportunity. So I'll let Scott take it from here.
Michael C. Kearney: Well, that's a good question. I'll tell you a little anecdote. There's some folklore that Frank's has never had a head count reductions until this downturn. When I started up, I went through some of the old employee magazines and in the 1980s, there actually were some pretty big layoffs at Frank's. So Frank's has not been immune to head count reductions. Let me start with this. Our global attrition rate is 15%. The last thing I want to do is lay people off. What we have to do is right-size the organization. My goal is to try to grow fast enough to where we can minimize any employee dislocation. I mean that's the goal. But to hit these G&A – SG&A reductions and other things, I can't say that there won't be some attrition other than involuntary, but we're certainly going to try to capitalize on the fact that all businesses go through attrition and try to retain our employees to the extent possible. James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay, perfect. Mike, Scott, thanks guys, appreciate it.
Michael C. Kearney: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for listening on the call here, participating. Looking at slide 13, we're going to commercialize our market-ready technology across our business segments, make investments in technology that will extend our time on the rig. We're well-equipped with our strong balance sheet to invest in research and development. Next, we'll continue to, the global expansion of Blackhawk. The rationale for the Blackhawk acquisition is playing out. Third, we'll continue to evaluate all of our product and service lines to determine if they meet our financial objectives – and not how we can modify them. And we're going to drive accountability and reduce our costs. So that's it, ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you listening to the call and look forward to the next quarter. Thank you.
Kyle F. McClure: No. That would show up in the adjusted EBITDA margins that you're probably looking at here. There might have been some small restructuring costs that fell into the restructuring line as you go around.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. As you jump off from the Q4 International margins, I think that's effectively where we are running out right now based upon the current mix of business and then obviously that'll change as we go throughout 2018. But the current mix where it is with Africa and Europe being down the quarter and the Middle East, where it's at, that's the current run rate.
Kyle F. McClure: No I think all the mobilization costs that there might be some minor repair and maintenance cost at this point. I think most of the equipment is ready to go and ready to be deployed. And I think we called out some of the mobilization costs in the segment in Q4 as we're getting the equipment ready to go.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. So this is Kyle. So I think Blackhawk would obviously be the primary driver of sort of the top tiers, we talked about the 20% number. U.S. Services is probably and I'll go and (31:01) put Tubular in context where we have some stretched goals for the Tubular business here. This year, they are outside sort of entering some International markets they haven't been to in a while and they've got some leads on some interesting business out there in the marketplace, so that would be sort of the number two segment out there, pretty close to where Blackhawk was lining up at. Then you'd have the U.S. Services, I think we anticipate continued strong growth in U.S. land. I know BJ and the teams are out there and doing some price adjustments to various basins where we think we can pick it up at and we see some additional growth coming up there. And then, I think last would be International – I think International is the most challenging market we have right now. We talked about Europe and Africa kind of going Q3 to Q4, I think those challenges are manifesting themselves out as we look across the year right now, very competitive markets in the North Sea and then, Africa is what I'd just kind of call one-in one-out and there's no real general direction back up in that particular market. So Blackhawk, Tubular kind of at the top of the list followed by sort of the U.S. Services with both Gulf of Mexico and the onshore business seeing some decent growth and then, sort of the laggard of the group coming in with the International segment.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. It's depending on the mix, right. The Blackhawk is going to have a little bit lower incremental margin profile than say, a Gulf of Mexico. Gulf of Mexico is going to have an incremental margin profile of – and this is at the variable line, if you will. I won't take into account kind of fixed cost basis, but on the gross margin level, deepwater work is going to have incremental margins in the 50% to 70% range. The Blackhawk business itself is going to have incrementals in, call it the 15% to 20% range. It just depends on the general profile of what's growing and what's not growing. So, as we talk about the mix, this has been on a number of calls now, the mix of the business continues to kind of deepwater pricing pressures, activities, sort of flattening out here, that mix is obviously making the margin profile challenged. As we think about the cost reductions that we've announced today, I think we would say, hey, look incremental is going forward, if we can execute these are going to be in the 50% range for the overall organization. But mix is important as we move about the year, not all markets are the same. So...
