Michael Kearney: Well, I think, it's going to be tough to - first of all, I think we'll achieve our goals. But with the growing business and looking to investment towards next year and more business next year, obviously, it creates a little bit of headwind in terms of - you're trying to cut cost in the phase of an increasing business. So you are optimistic we can get to what we laid out, but in terms of something dramatically beyond that, I've got kind of a wait-and-see attitude on that one. I'd love to exceed the targets, but I don't want to set out false hope.
Michael Kearney: I'll start with that and then hand it over to Steve. The U.S. Land business, as everyone knows, is over the course of the cycle, has less margin than the deepwater offshore. But nevertheless, it's a good business, it's a solid business. And operational folks have done a great job of continuing to increase that business. So we're very happy with it. It's never going to have margins exceeding a deep offshore well, but it still doesn't mean that it's not a great business that we like. So in terms of kind of what we're seeing in the next quarter or two, I'll let Steve pick up on that one.
Michael Kearney: Yes. I think that's safe to say, but of course, Jim, I'd be retired at the ranch if I could predict rig counts with a great certainty. You'd be at your ranch too. So it's hard to predict a couple of years out, but I think the overall tone - of course, it's - I can't claim to be a macroeconomist, but I think as operators start to become more convinced that the commodity prices are going to be more or less in the range they are in and they gets to be more of a confidence level, then we can feel more confident going a little further out. And we're seeing that, I think, on all fronts that the market is stabilized. And of course, it all drives off of a - first of all, the commodity price and then the - they are kind of the profitability level for the offshore operators. You've - we've all heard the speeches by the big offshore operators that they've managed to reduce their breakeven prices dramatically based on standardization offshore. This isn't new news. But if we think we're in a $70, $75 sustained commodity price and the operators have driven their profit targets, where they can make good money from $80 a barrel to $45 or $50 a barrel, they get convinced that they've got a nice spread. That's going to be healthy for everyone. So I think that's kind of the scenario we're buying into and that'll bode well for our business over the next 2 to 3 years. Of course, we could all be wrong, but it look - the signals all look pretty good that we're going to be back in a more sustained stable environment.
Michael Kearney: In gross margins, obviously, in the quarter, we're kind of up to a target for the year at 34-plus percent. So that doesn't mean we're done. I just mean, some of the execution items here has - at least getting some traction in the business itself, which is better from an overall growth standpoint. I'd say on the G&A front, we're probably 1/3 or half way through at this point in time. We still have some additional items we need to work through on that front. But we've gone through sort of detail reviews, sort of piece by piece, department by department internally and I'd tell you 1/2 to 1/3 done on G&A and I tell you that on the gross margin improvement that we're about half way through - 3/4 way through based upon the internal reviews we've done. So in terms of what's been executed at this point in time, I tell you I'm probably more in the 25% range.
Michael Kearney: Yes. So we were seeing an increase in tendering activity stretching out into - for operations stretching into '19 and 2020. The very, very large majority of that tendering activity comes from traditionally in peak clients. We've not seen at the moment drilling contractors are subcontracting TRS in that market. It's important to win the work and be on the rig. From there, you can execute various technology sell-outs to improve margins and pricing. Some stickiness to our equipment on a particular rig meaning if we were on that rig previously, we would have structured to support our equipment. But essentially, there's also the ability to change our competitors as rigs pick up and drop.
Michael Kearney: Thanks, everyone, for your questions. We're pleased with the Q2 results. However, we do expect a slight decline in revenue and EBITDA in Q3 as we mentioned based on our customer's drilling schedules primarily. Q4 should see a bit more of a pickup in revenues from Q3 to [indiscernible] into a full year range of $500 million to $510 million in revenue and the $15 million to $25 million in adjusted EBITDA. We know there is still a need to improve our financial performance and operational efficiency to emerge as a better company following the downturn. Recent trends in the market have reinforced our optimism that we're on the way back to sustain growth and profitability with a broader product offering, a more optimized global footprint and our strong balance sheet. Thank you for your time and interest in Frank's International.
Steve Russell: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So cut in U.S. Land here during Q2, we managed to get some leverage around pricing with several of our larger clients in U.S. Land, which helps the margin somewhat. And we've also gained some market share in there, which is what's been driving the performance. Obviously, as we look forward in the midterm, that's the world publicized question of where the Permian is going and what's going? So we're keeping our eye on that, but generally the focus around U.S. Land in the midterm here is execution and continuing to push pricing where we can.
Steve Russell: Yes. So, Steve Russell here. I'll speak from a TRS perspective. So we had some gains during Q2 where we replaced a competitor to service issues for a large operator in the Gulf. So we've seen some market share gains. Traditionally, that market is via quite long-term contracts. So we've actually got most of the - what we have at the moment is on contracts for several years looking out, half to is pretty solid looking for Gulf of Mexico. Obviously, as we look out there further into 2019, the clients are still out there looking at their budget for 2019 and that will drive very much where our activity looks.
Steve Russell: Yes. Okay. So a lot of the call-out work in TRS during Q2 was in Asia Pacific and also the Middle East, which was hammering projects that tend to be sort of quite short-term with not too much visibility. We - on a more wider scale internationally, we've got a handful of rigs just dropping off contract, which is why you saw some of the Q3 guidance going down. But I think as we look forward into Q4 and beyond, we've got some visibility of increased activity. We pick up a contract for a large operator in Norway, which will kick in Q4 and be fairly robust.
Steve Russell: Yes. I still think a lot of the tenders that we're seeing come across the table at the moment is for fairly moderate scopes of work, 1 or 2 rigs for the handful of wells. I would say, there's opportunity in the longer term down in Brazil for us where we have a fairly moderate market share position and have some potential to gain. And generally, as Africa starts picking up, which we expect to see some activity pick up here at the end of '19 and going into 2020, that becomes an opportunity for us.
Steve Russell: Yes. I would say, we've had some improvement in the Middle East in terms of getting on work, specifically, in Saudi Arabia or in Abu Dhabi. The contracts over there are typically issued to a number of vendors and then distributed - individual rigs are distributed across that vendor network. So we've had some success in getting some additional offshore rigs, jack-ups. I'd also say, we're starting to see some improvement in the U.K. sector of the North Sea. We've done fairly well on the jack-ups.
Steve Russell: Yes. I think, it's a wait and see for 2019. I think in the short term, we've got a fairly solid outlook for the second half of '18 and the clients have to go through their budget cycles for '19 before we can really comment further on that.
Steve Russell: Yes. I think, generally, we've seen an inflection point on pricing in the offshore market, but still very much in local market. It's driven by competitive forces and desires for market shares in local and regional markets at the moment.
Kyle McClure: Well, this is Kyle. What I'm going to say, Sean, is that on the way down, I don't think we're really good at projecting how bad things were coming down, and I think as things kind of come out of there, it's difficult for us to forecast this business as it's coming online how it's the velocity of the comeback, if you will. You see at this quarter, as we of kind of guide you guys down in for Q2 as something pars out where we landed. So some of this is call out, but some of this is just work we have won that is now we're starting to see some pricing uplift and it's starting to fall through the online.
Kyle McClure: Yes, and as Mike was talking about in his prepared commentary, this high-value opportunity team is really important as we think about the commercial focus of winning. There is about 20 - 10 to 20 each year to come down the pipe that you have to be part of and you need to get and use the baseball part on the on-base percentage. You need to be a little bit higher. You need to be more sort of [indiscernible] not so much [indiscernible], so we've got to get on base more often and I think the team here is really focused on doing that. Definitely, we've got a good process going forward.
Kyle McClure: Yes, so let me just say from a market share standpoint, Jim, we have taken our global market share from 10% up to 18% here in the last 12 months on the global jack-up market.
Kyle McClure: I think, we've had some pretty good working capital outages in Q1 and Q2. We'll catch up likely in the back half of the year as we get into quarter-end in Q4 in those areas. But I think from a fundamental standpoint, you've got a business that just did obviously $11 million in adjusted EBITDA, so that will get more profitable to begin with from a CapEx standpoint. In the near term, we're probably going to add a $40 million figure. It will be in that range for the year, but I think from a free cash flow in the back half of the year standpoint, we're probably looking at a negative $10 million free cash flow from this point on based upon our internal projections. We've got a 90-day DSO. So as we grow in a given quarter, almost all of that cash is getting kicked to next quarter as well. So I think we sit here today with $245 million of cash and short-term investments. I think, will be down slightly from here to the end of the year. And then as we look at '19 and see what the profitability looks like as well as the growth rates, we'll assess it again, but I think first half of the year is probably a little bit overdone in the working capital side, and we'll catch up on some of that in the back half.
Kyle McClure: I think the commentary there would be, we likely see that segments up slightly. I think we'll see continued growth as Steve talked about U.S. Land. We see some price increase that will come through on the onshore side of the house and Gulf of Mexico as we see right now will be slightly up in the quarter as well. So I'd tell you, continued growth in that overall segment, obviously, the Q-to-Q has been the international space and how that shakes out. We were, I think, presently surprised as it relates to Q2 and more cautiously optimistic as it relates to Q3 and heading forward.
Kyle McClure: Yes. This is Kyle. We've got a couple of different initiatives going on and one of that Mike mentioned was that of the footprint review. Over time, we've grown into too many countries around the world and the team sort of did a deep dive, obviously, Mike's prepared commentary kind of what's core or what's ride in, ride out, and we've got a number of countries that are after that still need to be shut down just from a legal entity and branch registration, statutory books of keep. There's no real activity going on. No real people in there anymore. So you've got that initiative going on, which is going to capture something. You've got the high-value opportunity team, which we talked about, which is from winning the work we want to win, which is a piece of that. So not all this on the cost side either. So we've got pricing we need to capture in certain markets as well. On the G&A side, I think we've got that what I call largely identified, not totally execute at this point in time. And I think we've still got some more work to do on that front.
