Jeff Bird: Thank you, John. I'm excited about joining Frank's. During my first 90 days of the company I've enjoyed meeting and beginning to work with the people here. We will continue to build on the foundation the finance team has started to establish over the last year. We will build out a world-class finance team to serve needs of being a public company, and as important, being a value added business partner. We've already begun to identify productivity improvement opportunities that will result in more efficient use of our inventories, day sales outstanding in accounts receivable, and reduce costs through focused productivity projects. We will share more with you in the coming quarters around these projects. Now turning to our results for the fourth quarter and full year. Fourth quarter revenue for the quarter was $319 million, an 8% increase sequentially and 13% increase year-over-year. For the full year revenue was $1.153 billion, up 7% versus 2013. Net income for the fourth quarter was $51 million with net income attributable to Frank’s International NV of $35 million or $0.22 per share. Diluted net income, which includes $4.7 million in assumed tax impact of conversion of preferred shares was $46.8 million or $0.22 per diluted share. For the full year net income was $229 million, with net income attributable to Frank's International NV of $159 million or $1.03 per share. Diluted net income which includes $15.4 million and assumed tax impact to conversion of preferred shares was $214 million, or $1.03 per diluted share. A full reconciliation of our EPS calculations is in our press release. Fourth quarter tax rate was 32%, higher than previous quarters and full year 2014, primarily due to a higher proportion of total income earned in the US. Full year tax rate was 25%. Fourth quarter and full year EPS were impacted by the devaluation of the Venezuela Bolivar, this reflects a change in translation from the official rate of 6.3 Bolivars per US Dollar to the two exchange rate of 50 Bolivars per US Dollar. This change in exchange rate impacts our operating and net income, however the loss is excluded from our adjusted EBITDA calculation. The net impact to fourth quarter and full year results is $13 million or $0.06 per diluted share. We continue to operate in Venezuela but are monitoring the political and economic environments with an aim to manage our exposure going forward. Our adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $124 million or 39% of revenue. For 20014 our adjusted EBITDA was $450 million or 39% of revenue. On December 31 we had $489 million in cash and less than $1 million in debt on our balance sheet. In 2014 our CapEx spend was $173 million. We spend $119 million on equipment and $54 million on new facilities related to assets and other PP&E. We expect 2015 CapEx spending to be down $23 million or 13% from 2014 to $150 million. We anticipate equipment rental capital spend to be $70 million, down over 40% from 2014. This amount is less than the last three years where we have had increased investment building our capital equipment base worldwide. This level of spend will allow us to continue invest in technology that will position us well for a ramp up in work following the slowdown. The remainder of our capital spend will be allocated to facilities and other PP&E. We are reviewing all non-equipment capital needs and have already deferred projects to future years that we did not deem absolutely necessary in 2015. We will continue to review our capital spend and update you as we progress throughout the year. Diluted share account is expected to be $209 million for 2015. We expect our 2015 effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. As we have discussed previously, our diluted EPS calculation includes an assumed additional tax expense upon the conversion of our preferred stock. There is approximately 5% of additional income tax assumed for diluted net income for financial reporting purposes. This is due to our up seed structure. Please feel free to reach out to us if you have questions about modeling. Lastly, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.15 per common share subject to applicable Dutch dividend withholding taxes, for the record date of March 6, with payment on March 18, 2015. This is unchanged from the previous quarter. I will now turn the call back over to Gary for some final comments before we open up the call to Q&A.
Jeff Bird: Thank you, and this is Jeff Bird. Obviously, as you pointed out due to the uncertainty we're very reluctant to provide revenue or EBITDA guidance. We do remain pretty optimistic, the current and anticipated activity levels in Q1 are probably going to be in line with Q1 2014. We do have seasonality and slowdown that normally sequentially happens from Q4 to Q1 but year-over-year we expect those top lines to be in line and I'll let John comment a little bit more on the regional splits there.
Jeff Bird: Yes, this is Jeff. If you think about it from a margin standpoint, obviously you should expect EBITDA to be down with the price discounts that we're seeing. We are evaluating cost savings opportunities right now, and we're doing that across all regions. Obviously, we're first evaluating the low hanging fruit, we're looking at overtime, we're looking at contractors and things like that, and then we're going beyond that from a more strategic standpoint but just not ready to comment right now. So margins will be down and we're doing what good businesses do quite frankly when that happens and we're going to address out cost situation.
Gary Luquette: Thank you, Jeff. 2015 is going to be a challenging year for all in oil and gas industry. Our opportunities are created by the activities of E&P companies which are impacted by the outlook of commodity prices, however, we see no need to panic, the world will continue to need oil and gas. As populations increase and nations become more developed, the demand for energy will also increase. Longer term, we are bullish on our future and our ability to grow revenues profitably. In the short term, although the outlook isn’t as promising, there are some things that we can do to prepare for brighter future. Our balance sheet gives us the opportunity to maintain a longer term view on the industry and the ability to invest through the cycle. Although we will not be providing guidance for the year or the quarter, I want to assure you that we will not be sitting idle. We will continue to be opportunistic, both in improving our internal capabilities, as well as looking to capture additional market share where advisable. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year and I personally look forward to meeting many of you over the coming year. Thank you for your time. And now we'll turn the call over to your questions.
Gary Luquette: Michael this is Gary Luquette. Let me make a cut at that and you will see if John Walker wants to add anything. So certainly we're going to adjust the timing of some of our plans but I think longer term our plans are still very appropriate, i.e., to grow market share in the onshore like US land business, clearly we were underrepresented, much of our efforts in the early part of 2014 is the reason why we were pretty much quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year able to sustain our revenues despite a falling market. So right now gives us an opportunity to reassess our plans and to improve that repositioning plan and as I mentioned in my opening remarks, to move on any acquisition opportunities assuming those fit well with the strategic plan. But longer term our strategy we think is still sound as just maybe tweaking a bit on timing.
Gary Luquette: Sure. I tend to highlight also if you recall that our customer base tends to be more in the blue-chip side of the business and of course they actually feel better during this downturn period. But to the point I was talking about earlier about the concentration that we have - we're reviewing all our site locations and some of the stores will look out potentially are consolidating and we'll just - we will try and lower our costs in a line with how we see the contraction in the market. But we still have some grey opportunity there because the sweet spots of the market - obviously the focus will be for us is where those additional market penetration for us.
Gary Luquette: Robin, this is Gary. I would say we're - this is the never present, part of our portfolio is to look for acquisition opportunities, sometimes they present themselves irrespective of where we are in the market but clearly as time passes and if prices stay in the ranges that they are now you will see additional stress being placed on the markets. I guess my comments would be it depends, in certain sectors obviously in US land is - both John and I have highlighted in our opening remarks, the key contraction that we're seeing in US land is going to introduce a lot of stress into that market. Clearly, we are aware of that and we're in position to take advantage of that assuming that strategically aligns with our plans. So it depends on how the market is moving and what the balance sheets look like for the asset holders, as today as to timing but it's something that we are aware of, it's part of our ongoing business analysis process and we'll just keep close eye on them.
Gary Luquette: There is a lot to that Angie and I don't yet - it's too much detail for fair that maybe some of our competitors are listening in, but one of the things that strategically we announced in previous quarter was our desire to grow market share on US land and that was a portfolio move for us, in other words, we start ourselves as underrepresented relatively to our capabilities and it provided somewhat of a hitch against our very, very significant deepwater offshore business. Now I would suggest you that I would turn my nose up to a great opportunity to further improve our Deepwater offshore position but our strategy to grow market share onshore is still sound, we think longer term, for those who have been in this industry as long as Keith and I have, the price cycles - we are very experienced through these cycles and we know what goes up comes down and what goes down goes back up. So we still see the opportunity to grow market share and the unconventional space is going to be very active at some point in the future and we want to have a reasonable market share in that space as part of our portfolio diversification. Clearly there is going to be a lot of stress in that space just because of the nature of the operators and the leverage that they were carrying. So this probably will represent the most robust opportunities that we're adding to the portfolio but we have to be very selective with this. As these Shale Plays have played out, the sweet spots have been identified, and these are the areas that will be most active in areas that will become active the soon as prices recover, so it's not a strategy that says all shale’s are equal, it's going to be a very focused and targeted acquisition activity level for us in areas where we think we can grow share in the right spots and be one of the earlier companies to get back at it.
Gary Luquette: We have some ideas, I'm not going to quantify that but we certainly have some ideas as to what we feel would be a good position to move to and that's probably not the end game but it represents a nice portfolio shift for us and it allows us to continue to execute with excellence versus getting into something too big too quickly and then having some execution issues.
Gary Luquette: So what you're seeing - this is our perspective, what you're seeing with some of the announcements, the recent announcements concerning cancel of contracts, we think a lot of that represented the potential for growth in that sector and some of these companies that were going to look at growth are now trying to tap the breaks a bit because of cash flow concerns and capital reduction concerns. What we are seeing thought is that there is an underlying base activity level that is sustaining itself, this is driven by - as John Walker said in some of his comments, delineation and development drilling by the operators these are activities that are governed by lease terms. So you either drill, you either continue to move towards first oil or you lose these leases and of course, they have lease bonus, they have certain cost from exploration, so they are very committed on these deepwater wells that constitute eventually large major capital projects. So those cycles - the operators, the blue-chip operators can invest and should invest through the cycle and those areas, we're seeing that kind of pop-up the deepwater offshore market. As we mentioned in previous calls and in our opening remarks today, we feel we have a superior offering in the Deepwater market, this is where Frank's has differentiated itself, we have the ability to handle heavier loads for some of these deep complex wells, we have the technology that a lot of these operators recognize as premium services. So as a counter to some of the price discounts, this is where John Walker was pointing towards our ability to upsell new technology or to upsell equipment that is not subject to some of the more traditional discounts that are coming from your more typical casing running tools and services. So although there is pressure we are dealing with that pressure through volume, our offsets, if you want rate reduction it will miss the operator, let's talk about extending our contract or giving us a volume commitment in order to earn those discounts or in some cases we're able to introduce new tools and technologies that they enjoy because they look at it as lowering the total overall cost of the well versus just the services itself.
Gary Luquette: Ken, this is Gary, and then I'll invite others. The simple near to data to add color but we know what we're good at, okay, so one of the opportunities in the four to five year opportunity that is to exploit what we're really good at. So that would infer that to opportunities to gain market share in the tubular running business, both on the completion side as well as on the drilling and casing side, clearly that's our sweet spot, that's where we're good at and that's how we differentiate ourselves. However, if you take a longer term view which we're doing now to try to understand where the oilfield of the future is going, both onshore and offshore, where we have a tremendous position. We are also trying to think what the drilling rigs that are going to be used for the oilfield of the future, exactly how they are going to get figured. Clearly they are moving towards more mechanized and automated systems, and we understand that we've got to reposition ourselves in that sector in order to be able to intersect it in the five to ten year sort of plateau. So that may lead to new product and service lines for us, clearly it's not a real short term play for us but it's something that we're thinking about today and evaluating. Our objective would be to intersect that and not find ourselves flat footed when that transition occurs to automated and mechanized drilling rig.
Gary Luquette: Ken, this is Gary, it's obviously not a question that we can answer but probably your contacts in the operator community may have a more informed view on that. What I will say, I having spent 35 years in this industry is that these downturns and these periods of lower commodity prices have a way of really having a healthy effect longer term on the supply chain and on development cost. And what - here to pull, let's say 12 months ago if you take the Deepwater market might needed anywhere from $60 to $80 a barrel to be commercial. What history has told us is those costs will significantly drop as the supply chain rationalizes itself at a lower commodity price. So what those actual trip points or hurdle rates are, we'll leave it to others to answer but I think history informs us that things are going to get a lot more economic as cost rationalize due to low commodity prices.
Gary Luquette: Yes, thank you. So I want to thank those on the line, especially those of you that presented question to us, thank you for doing that. Made me just to close into - maybe summarize, we've talked a number of times about the excellent financial position we're in and that cannot be over emphasized. We are extremely proud of how the Mosing’s have run their business and the conservative nature of managing their balance sheet, it is in fact for times like this that we do this. We're going to use this well in activity to re-tool our capabilities such that when it does come back, which it will, we're going to be better prepared to ramp up and our objective would be to become a very early mover in terms of capturing market opportunities as the market improves. We've talked about low commodity prices, placing some stress on certain companies that have not been as prudent as we in managing their balance sheet and have a lot of leverage, and we're in good position to move on but I want to emphasize it would be for the right opportunities that kind of fit our strategic opportunity set. And lastly, I'll just wrap up. Again thanking you, and telling all of you I look forward to meeting many of you personally in the coming few months. So with that I think we'll wrap up.
John Walker: Sure. Good morning Kurt, this is John Walker speaking. So in regard to the overall market conditions with respect to international, we're seeing a slight softening within the market but to the earlier comments, we believe that we are well positioned within the segments that we operate and being the complex wells and specifically the Deepwater applications. You saw the tail end of last year, quite a few exploration wells that came up that were dry hole in nature, however, the projects that we have focused our efforts on have tend to be in the appraisal and the development phases. And as I'm sure that you are aware, as the development phases are sanctioned, it's more about long term outlook. So we are seeing slight softening but not the levels of course that we're seeing in the US side of the business with US land side. The Gulf of Mexico is still a very decent bright spot for us, again lever to the deepwater complex well side of it. So overall we do understand that there is a transitioning happening at this time but we're still very optimistic in it on the future.
John Walker: Michael, just one thing to add to Gary’s comments there, something to be clear on. As far as our concentration of market share at Europe we are obviously seeing a significant decline in the unconventional side of the business but we did not have a large concentration of market share in the broader picture of the land business, we were building that out. So it allowed us an opportunity to look at the overall business and just reorganize it appropriately as it affects us directly.
John Walker: Good morning, Robin, it's John Walker. We talked about that during the last downturn, while during the last downturn of course you know it's little bit of an upper limit [ph] because we were previously multiple entities and now you know we're one Frank's. And an important factor from 2008 to now is that the deepwater activity was not as prominent during the last downturn. So with our technology and the uptake of the technology, yes we're working with our customers to reach agreements on the pricing discounts but ultimately to Gary’s earlier point, it's about the reduction in well construction costs and the total cost of the ownership with the tubulars for well integrity and the production life. So we are talking to our customers about the value that we create in that arena, it's been well received and some of those pricing impacts that we work for the customers on are being offset against that technology uptake.
John Walker: Sure. So just to extrapolate that, obviously it goes without saying that the US land side of the business is - there is going to be some contraction there, so that is offset with, for example, our plan from - without going into too much detail about Middle East, where we set some plans in place in the second half of 2014, and we are seeing some nice growth opportunities in the Middle East, that part of the market, North Africa, also you talked about in Australia. So when you put the mix all together the tubular sales side of the business as well as also seeing nice portion of growth, all lever to the offshore side of the business. So when you put on excel together to Jeff’s point, the Q1 revenue should be in line with what we saw last year. Taken into account from a sequential basis of declines, the seasonality and slowdown in activity which is traditional within the industry.
John Walker: So Jeff, the point that we talked about earlier on, the way that activity is rolling out right now is on the appraisal development side. If you look at the middle to the second part of last year, there was a flurry of activity in the Northwest African plays, of course ongoing in the Gulf of Mexico. So there has been some contraction in that side of it but that's definitely been offset by appraisal activity and to Gary’s point about the longer term execution plans of the subsea developments in the complex wells and the Deepwater. Obviously the equatorial margin and West Africa has been a bright spot as well and continues with the recent announcements of discoveries there, so hopefully that give you a little bit of color on how we see it.
