Gary Luquette: Thanks, Jeff. Before taking your questions, I’d like to leave you with what we will be focusing on from a strategic standpoint in 2016, while we wait for the macro conditions to improve. Our first priority will be to aggressively protect and grow market share in the face of pricing headwinds in a shrinking addressable market. However, we will be thoughtful in the manner in which we pursue this strategy, bearing in mind the cost benefit tradeoff between share and margins. Again, we are not new to industry cycles, and have a proven track record of our ability to respond appropriately. Second, we realize that maintaining our premium margins as a company, will also depend on our continued efforts to control what we can control and build on the success of our cost savings and efficiency improvement initiatives. We are still in the early innings of this multi-year process, but we are certainly pleased with what we are seeing so far. Finally, over the last several months, we have taken advantage of the down market and secured outstanding new talent to augment the long standing skills and capabilities, inherent in the Frank’s organization. We will continue to look for opportunities to strengthen our organization, but we feel we now have the team in place to not only navigate this difficult market, but also one that will enable Frank’s to profitably grow well into the future. The net effect of these efforts will lead to a stronger Frank’s that delivers its equipment and services reliably and at a lower cost, one that utilizes downturn wisely to improve its market position and the Company that has increased organizational capability with the aim to ultimately become the premium player in our market segment. We are also in a unique position amongst our peer group, both in terms of our balance sheet strength and our ability to deliver positive free cash flow from operations. We intend to use these strengths to our advantage by returning cash in the form of dividends to our shareholders, pursue organic investments that have the appropriate risk reward profile and be opportunistic as it relates to acquisition. With that, I would like to thank you for your time and interest in Frank’s. We will now open up the call for questions.
Gary Luquette: So, Jim, let me take a cut at that and see if that addresses your question. I would characterize our focus right now in the M&A space, two-pronged. One would be are there like businesses that are either in financial distress or in markets where we have a lower share than we feel would be desirable. And so, those would be very much like services that we would add to essentially drive market share up in underrepresented markets. The second area of focus for us is around diversifying our service offering, without getting too far away from the things that we are very good at. And so, I mentioned in last quarter’s call there a lot of things that are associated with the tubular running services, the cementing process, the connections that are made to allow cementing of the well bore, a lot of the completion equipment and devices that are clamped onto the pipe that are essentially being run concurrent with our services So, all these things represent potential for increased rig time without getting us too far from the things that we know a lot about and that our organization is very good at. So, those are two areas that I would say really encompass most of our target reviews. Now, some of those may in fact involve incremental or additional manufacturing capabilities, but that’s not a driver. The real driver is trying to get somewhere in that well construction phase and staying pretty close to our sweet spot.
Gary Luquette: Yes. That’s very limited recourse. Typically these contracts are set up with the cancellation clause. And the most you are going to get out of those typically is demob recovery, that’s about it.
Gary Luquette: I am really encouraged by not just early results but the momentum, the inertia that we’re starting to achieve with this process. It’s now at a point where we have to govern how many of these projects we do at any point in time because demand is really outstripping our ability to be able to manage these projects from an organizational capability. And that’s a great place to be with demand outstripping capability. This is something that I believe is going to be a transformative sort of process in Frank’s. We’re now building infrastructure to be able to support it internally without the help of external resources. So, I think as we go through quarters in 2016 and beyond, we’ll be talking about a lot of very positive outcomes from not just balance sheet things but also reliability, improvements and lower cost of delivering our goods and services. So, this is something I’ve been very pleased about. And as we said earlier, we’re in the early innings of this. So, more to come.
Gary Luquette: Right. But it’s touching all phases of our business. For instance, we talked about technology and engineering. And the Frank’s business system approach and the lean approach associated with that we believe are going to be able to drive our ability to go from concept identification to market deployment in a much shorter period of time, by eliminating a lot of waste in that process and improving the collaboration between the different elements in our organization that are required to get there. So, it’s really going to touch and is touching all phases of our business.
Gary Luquette: It depends, Jim. So, in the case where you have complex wells, then the pressure is coming mostly from the customer. When you’re having a more competitive segment where other players can play in that, then there is more competition or more pricing pressure from the competition. So, fewer players that have the capability, then you have to just meet the customers’ requirements to be able to secure that contract. When you have more players and it’s a more commoditized sort of service and equipment configuration, then you’re starting to see more pressure coming from the competitors.
Gary Luquette: Let me just thank everyone again for joining us today and for your interest in Frank’s. We really do appreciate the opportunity to share with you some of the things going on, and to be responsive to your questions. I think that will wrap up today’s call. We’ll now conclude. Thanks again.
John Walker: Jim, good morning. This is John Walker. So, it’s not difficult to penetrate the market, as we identified, the jack-up market is more than 50% of the overall total global rigs. The advantage that we have is we’ve been in the Middle East, in the areas of the Middle East and APAC and Europe for a significant amount of time, in fact for more than two decades. So, the relationships are there, the facilities are there, but what we got to do is reposition some of the assets from the deepwater part of the business into the Middle East and then wait for some cycles for tendering to come through. But what we’ve been doing is assertively engaging the clients, identifying how we can reduce the well cost, total cost of ownership, and we had great success with that in the Middle East, recently where we secured some new contracts.
John Walker: Like every contract, there is a termination clause and it does have a financial support around it. We don’t actually -- your question is probably tailored more like the drilling rigs and to the point so, we don’t actually have backlog built into the contract. So, it’s effectively terminated within a certain term notice and then we work in the transition.
John Walker: Sure. Kurt, it’s John Walker, again. What I would say from a price stabilization perspective, if you know, in the more recent term, we’re definitely seeing price concessions in the marketplace. If you look the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Jeff’s points were more tailored to the year-over-year and we see in the Q basis, we’ve had a lot more price concessions given in the U.S. side. The international side, to a lesser degree that’s more been driven by activity declines. But, we are seeing customers continuing to ask us for price concessions. We’re working through the cycle with total cost of ownership around the technology, but there is definitely price concessions being asked in the near-term.
John Walker: If I could just add to that around the market, we’re still seeing unscheduled cancellations of projects. I think you saw in the market just last week in Angola, there was a cancellation of a project and we’re also seeing up in other parts of North Africa where there’s contracted work and then the announcement just comes through that there is either a delay or a suspension or a cancellation.
John Walker: Blake, good morning. It’s John Walker here. To answer your question, there the price concession or the price commitments that we’ve made, don’t a multi-year factor in them, that would be for a certain term and then thereafter it would be subject to renegotiation and/or price escalation based on commodity price.
John Walker: Sure. I’d just say that there is less competition internationally, broadly speaking. If you look at the Gulf of Mexico, we have a substantial amount of competition in the offshore side of it; and region by region where we just have lesser competition. And to the point of once the contract is committed, it’s more of a partnership type approach opposed to constantly having to recalibrate on pricing on a frequent basis, as it happened throughout 2015.
John Walker: So, it was a mix shift of business. If we notice that in Trinidad and Guyana we are very successful and continue to be successful with new work there but that was offset by some of their land style of business in Latin America, just fallen off completely. Brazil has been obviously headwind for us. So, when we look at our output together, that gives us a flat. But then looking to Q1, probably declining q-over-q. As far as the other areas, you are right in point there with West Africa; APAC, the project cancellations that were unforeseen, so there is going to be decline there; and then we see flat style or flat approach there in Europe.
John Walker: Good morning, Robin; John Walker here. The equipment is actually all removed. So, it allows us obviously to be flexible from redeployment to other regions. But it’s not sticky to the point of about cementation type application.
Jeff Bird: And just to build on John’s comments, our reference was to U.S. land or U.S. onshore prices. We feel those prices hit the bottom. I think John’s comments were more offshore, international.
Jeff Bird: Yes. So, just to put that in perspective, there’s really two elements. I think you asked a question about working capital turns and then you asked a question about margins. From a margin standpoint, it doesn’t really help or hurt us as to selling pipe out of inventory. It definitely helps us from a working capital standpoint and that’s where our focus has been in 2015; it’s really a tighter process to drive that inventory down in a systematic, thoughtful way, while still servicing our customers.
Jeff Bird: So. I’ll separate that into a couple of buckets. Right now, we gave some guidance or some thoughts on Q1, we’re not giving full year guidance at this time. But as far as visibility is concerned, obviously in our services businesses, I’d say we have the same level of visibility that we would have had in Q3 and Q4, still a pretty challenging environment. On the Tubular, that’s where we have far less visibility than we would have this time last year. Specifically we look at our customer funnels and our customer orders and they’re down substantially from where they would have been in January, February last year.
Jeff Bird: Yes. So, as far as the difference, when you look internationally, obviously more complex, a couple of elements. One, the pricing has not gone into the international segment the way that it has in the U.S. onshore -- or offshore, pardon me. And then second, the complexity of the wells, there obviously is more complex wells internationally that allow us to command a higher margin. And John, I’ll let you talk a little bit more about.
Jeff Bird: So, we closed 2015 just low 100-day DSO. There is probably another 10 days or so to give this year, conservatively speaking.
Jeff Bird: No more change in behavior, I mean it’s always competitive. And it’s contract-by-contract. It just depends on the specific region to the competitive environment and the behavior of the competitor.
Jeff Bird: Sure. So, we sat down -- and I’ll go a little bit through that process. We sat down late last year and identified three key areas of focus for 2016 that we’d like to process improve really. And we’re pretty well based on that now, have the action plans in detail, lined out for 2016, probably have doesn’t or more kaizens that have already been outline for the balance of the year. So, we’re pretty far into that. I talked on earlier calls the first quarter, two or more Western Hemisphere based. We’re now getting into more Eastern Hemisphere based. So, a lot of the improvements that you saw in terms of costs, in terms of working capital, tended to be more process based on the U.S. services and tubular size and a little bit more brute for us on the international side. I think you see those process improvements, as we’ve just run kaizens in both Mumbai, India and Norway, you’ll start to start that process improvement spread to the Eastern Hemisphere in 2016.
