Frank Bisignano: Thanks, Bob. Before wrapping up, I want to discuss our ESG efforts. Our approach to corporate, social, responsibility and ESG is one of the ways our business produces better outcomes for our clients, shareholders and associates. Let me share some highlights of our soon-to-be published annual CSR report.  First, our ongoing dedication to the progress of our associates through professional development. In 2022, we filled 45% of exempt roles with internal Fiserv associates.  Second, our continued investment in minority, women, veteran, ethnically diverse, LGBTQ+ and disability-owned businesses through our back-to-business program in the U.S. and U.K. We have awarded more than 1,600 grants to eligible merchants since the inception of the program.  Third, our commitment to continue to improve our collection and disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions and energy data. Not only have we aligned our 2022 CSR report with the Task Force on Climate-related Disclosures framework, but we have also provided 3 areas of data and a foundation for measuring the impact of our ongoing GHG and energy initiatives. These factors are reflected and being named to Forbes List of America's Best Large Employers, which is based on a poll of employee recommendations released in the first quarter.  We are equally proud of another recognition received in the first quarter as one of America's Most Innovative Companies by Fortune. I started off this discussion by highlighting the importance of the investment in innovation, and this is another proof point on just how seriously we take technology innovation on behalf of customers and our future.  This time of year is often marked by the release of ranking figures tabulated for the prior year. And my time in banking left me with an affinity for league tables that I know you also share. I'm pleased to report that Fiserv has retained its #1 position in 8 categories: core account processing; merchant acquiring; mobile banking; online banking; issuer processing; bill payment; person-to-person payments; and account transfers.  And that brings me back to where we started our discussion today. The importance of scale in sustaining investment and driving innovation. I thank the 41,000 employees of Fiserv who helped get and keep us here. I know that I speak for all of them when I say, we intend to maintain the privileged position we hold.  And now operator, please open the line for questions. 
Frank Bisignano: I'd say as much turmoil as we had in March, volumes were very high. You hear us talk about what I call a backlog, meaning our books told that being implemented right now, we expect that to be very strong, [ wouldn't ] in the second half.  Demand, still very high from financial institutions. I've spent a lot of time with our client base. And the demand for digital, you heard us talk about the demand for Finxact, also our clients are building bigger businesses than trying to gain share also. So we feel good about the bank IT spend. And we feel good about our position with our client base right now. Hope that answers your question. 
Frank Bisignano: I think it's second half and beyond. I think it's probably more a '24 than a '23. We should see some of it in '23, but I think you'll see more of it in '24. 
Frank Bisignano: Well, I think you've watched us build out our international business for years. I mean, there was a point in time where we didn't have a business. In Brazil as an example, and then we've built it out. You heard us talk about Caixa. That's still ramping up.  When you look across Asia Pac, you could see us winning business there. So I think it's a tried and true as having our feet completely embedded on the ground in terms of our capability. In some cases, Clover leads. But it's always been an investment for us in innovation, running a global franchise. And I think on top of it, it's beyond the merchant. It's issuer along with it, which allows the payment segment also to get the benefit of our geographic dispersity. So it's a continuation of our strategy we laid out going back to 2020. And we'll continue to invest in those markets. We like the growth in those markets. We run those regions separately, and we feel great about our leadership on the ground there, too. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I mean, we've always had a philosophy that we are a commerce enabler, right? So as new payment types and changes to payment types, just how we do with Zelle. If you go back to places like Apple Pay, it's just a philosophical belief that we are here to help our clients grow their business. We are here on purpose-driven method to help them run their business better. And when new initiatives like FedNow come along, and we have thousands of banks and credit unions across the country that are looking for different payment methodologies to allow them to deliver for their clients who are going to enable it.  So we partner obviously with the Fed on this. I see it as another payment type. I think it's good for our large institutions and our smallest. And I suspect it will get volume. It's -- for us, it's a very good choice to enable payments, just like Zelle was a very good choice to enable payments. So we're pretty excited. Adoption will drive all. It will be a single integrated interface to allow our clients to be able to come in seamlessly through our network and I look forward to reporting on it when we talk next quarter. 
Frank Bisignano: Well, I would say you have to start with a series of items. Carat, Clover, we're leaning heavily on both of those. I think we've grown them organically very well. But we've also added BentoBox, Merchant One, Nextable. So you'll see us do both. I think we have a very, very strong track record.  Starting with Clover, moving to Ondot, moving to BentoBox, Finxact of bringing founders in and helping them grow their business at a different level, right? I think you can see a vertical focus. You see us with driving value-added services. So I would say that's a large part of the merchant story, and that will happen in the U.S. and within our regions also.  I think when you think about Finxact, you think about what I feel is the best next-generation platform out there. And both Finxact and DNA are very, very strong assets. We do have great assets like Signature also, but when you think about the buildout, you should think about us taking Finxact and DNA to the next level, to the best cloud platform in the industry between the 2 by far.  And when you see the investment we're making to bring Walmart up, and they're up and running in the early stages, that will industrialize us in that platform beyond anyone's expectations when we acquired it.  If you look at our payments areas, we will continue to bring in the issuing area a lot of digital innovation. We're cloud enabling those platforms to take them to the next level. I think you've seen that we've been hugely successful in the issuing area even as late as Desjardins and Target coming on.  So we'll continue to invest in those platforms, growing out and bring more value-added services there, more digital capability there also. I think along with that, what we're doing with things like SpendLabs and -- is we're opening up a whole new SMB opportunity within our portfolio that we think will transfer itself whole -- our whole organization. And we believe deeply in SMB and the combo of SpendLabs and Clover and other assets that we brought onboard, and it will really allow us to even have more wallet from our SMB population.  And then Ondot, you saw us take something that was a card control, card access capability and bring it into the mobile banking platforms of over 1,000 institutions. So I think you also look at the speed in which we ramp these products, the way we integrate them into the company. We think we have a pretty strong expertise in that and you can count on that, continually driving future growth for the company. 
Frank Bisignano: So first, I think you did a pretty good job. So thank you, in describing the opportunity. And I would say, yes, we're in the client's office every day, right? Large institutions, and we're talking to them about our full capability.  I'd say we get a lot of imbalance from large institutions because if you're the third debit network, I think it's a very strong position. And the combo of STAR and Accel is very, very powerful. It's good for our merchants, it's good for our issuers. And I don't want to lose that, it's a 2-sided benefit.  That benefit is us having invested in these products for a long time and consistently felt that it was a value-add to our clients, both large and small. It is about technical capability, not just about a lower price, right? Of course, every one of our businesses as the industry would call them merchants, I think of them as businesses. And always working on how to get a better client experience and how to lower the cost of acceptance.  We're here to provide them the enablement they need. When you think about market share, you hear us rattle off those #1s and then we rattle off #3 in debit. I think that's a pretty privileged position. Those are formidable and fabulous institutions, 1 and 2.  So our job is to give our client choice, right? And if we give them choice, we do come with an all-inclusive capable set of assets that we deliver to clients. It could be a cost debit routing. It's the capabilities of Reg II. It's also the pay by bank capability that you heard about. Over time, it will potentially be things like FedNow and Zelle capability.  Our job is to have the bundle, have the capability, help both issuers and merchants be able to get a better outcome. And I think we're uniquely positioned out of everybody in the industry. It's really the power of having a merchant business and issuing business, a banking business. And we're a horizontal company that allows us to partner cross-sell businesses to give the best solution for the clients.  And that's why sometimes when we look at it, we look at it, how did we deliver on the top in total? And how did we deliver in margin in total and making sure we're doing the best job for our clients and our shareholders. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I mean, first of all, I don't -- I didn't see a regional bank crisis. I saw tremendous turmoil. I think we have banks of all sizes from the largest in the world to 13-person credit unions, and there was not across -- and this is me talking to you about my interaction with my client base.  In their office, during this period of time, while I was on the road, whether it was Topeka, Kansas, we saw that Missouri -- Springfield, Missouri, Raleigh, North Carolina, all across, we have very, very sound banks across this country that really performed very, very well and have always ran their asset and liability structure in a manner that I've seen through my career.  So little bit -- I'm sorry for that take off, but I wouldn't want to name it as a banking crisis. There was turmoil, I see demand very high. Every one of those were creating opportunity that I rattled off during that week. I still -- I've been consistent on demand is high, opportunity to sell all products is very high. I mean, if you step back and look at of 2, FI-facing segments, you look at it over the past 3 quarters. Third quarter at 7.7% growth, fourth quarter '22 at 9.2% growth and first quarter of 23% at 9.4% growth. Those feel good to us. Our pipeline is strong both in traditional products and then in our new opportunities like Finxact and Ondot and others.  So I feel very, very good about -- yes, there was maybe, as I called it, a little coastal problem. But I felt throughout the country, it's been very, very strong. And baseline to us, we were all over, how to help them through it and deliver what they needed during that turmoil. And I feel good about how the org performed. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes, I'd like to thank everybody for their attention today. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team with any questions. Have a great day, and I look forward to talking to you. Thank you. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Ramsey. As you've heard us talk about, there's lots of variation quarter-to-quarter in terms of that spread that you talk about. There's a combination of things like mix of small businesses versus enterprise of hardware versus processing.  As you heard, we introduced some new hardware in the last few months. We've got some more coming in the balance of the year. That will drive it mix of international -- there are 3 regions, LatAm, EMEA and APAC  with particular strength in LatAm and in APAC right now.  More penetration of value-added services. You heard us talk about that stepping up 150 basis points to 17% in the quarter. Mix of PayFacs and ISVs and ISOs. So lots of different elements, which is why we try to push on tracking our overall revenue growth.  And as you've heard us say, we're focused on getting more merchants and selling more to those merchants. And we're seeing that benefit the last several quarters, and we expect that to continue as we march towards our goal of $10 billion of revenue in this segment by 2025. 
Robert Hau: Ramsey, I think that's one of the distinctions for us, and it's been one of the keys to our success. We have local leadership. We don't have an international business. We have 3 regions, and those 3 regions are run by local leaders who are physically present in those regions and know those regions. We operate as a global business, and so products and solutions. Clover is a global solution but it's brought to those regions through those local regional leaders. And of course, across all of the regions, we continue to be the full partner of choice, and bank partners are one of the key methods.  Frank talked about Caixa. In Europe, we announced our Deutsche Bank joint venture. We've got partnerships in Asia Pac, in Singapore and in India, et cetera. So it's a global reach with a very local leadership. 
Robert Hau: Sure. And Dave, this is quite frankly, it's just old-fashioned productivity. This is really what has been at the core of our company for a lot of years.  The last couple of years have been focused on integration and cost synergies. And so this is returning back to basics with integration synergy behind us from the large merger back in middle of '19 and getting into productivity, reevaluating how we do everything and why we do what we do. It's things like implementing our new SAP system and streamlining the process and getting more information out of the hands of our business leaders more quickly so that we can make decisions faster.  And it is, like I said, evaluating what we do on a day-to-day basis and streamlining that process so we can be quicker, more nimble, satisfy our clients and serve them in the way they need to be served with greater speed and efficiency. 
Robert Hau: Yes, David, I think we had yet another very strong merchant quarter across the board. Contributions, yes, Clover continues to do well. We continue to serve our enterprise clients and gain there. Our international business, as you heard, hitting on all cylinders. So this is -- Clover is a big part of this segment, no doubt about it, and a big part of growth. But we laid out our intent, our goal to get to $10 billion by 2025.  Clearly, Clover is part of that. But our enterprise clients, our non-Clover SMB clients, our international region is all part of that. And all are contributing to the growth in first quarter, and last year for that matter. 
Robert Hau: Yes. Overall, it's hard to be concerned in my mind with 18% top line when we did 17% for the full year last year, and to your earlier question, and taking share across the board. There's lots of different elements to that volume. It did ease a bit, and certainly the bank joint ventures are part of that.  We have some processing revenue -- processing volume that doesn't drive big revenue and big profitability for us. And obviously, we continue to focus on that. And as we talked about, geez, a little more than a year ago now. And we think that, that holds going forward from a revenue standpoint but isn't a big growth driver for us. 
