Jeffery Yabuki: Thanks, Tom. As I mentioned upfront, sales, excluding Open Solutions, were solid in the quarter, attaining 102% of quota and are 94% of year-to-date quota. Actual sales through June 30 were up 9% versus last year, which included the very significant TD Bank bill payment sale in the last year's second quarter. Excluding the TD Bank transaction, sales through June 30 are up 27% year-over-year. Our pipeline remains healthy, and we are optimistic that we will achieve our full year sales target.  Integrated sales were $63 million in the quarter, and are $101 million through the first half of the year versus our $210 million annual target. Payments and Digital Channel Solutions led our performance again this quarter. We're on track to achieve our integrated sales objective for the year. Our Operational Effectiveness goal for 2013 is $60 million, which includes the anticipated Open Solutions cost synergies. We achieved $32 million of savings or 53% of our annual target in the first 6 months of the year. We've captured some synergy benefits earlier than anticipated, which contributed to our strong first half results. We are well positioned to meet our Operational Effectiveness objective for the year. The environment continued to be stable in the quarter, with discussion of possible interest rate movement providing a bit more optimism across the market. Regulatory actions continued to be modest, with 16 in the second quarter and only 25 year-to-date, which is down about 30% compared to the same period last year. We're also seeing a gradual pickup of M&A activity in the banking market, which we view as a generally positive environmental sign.  Our view of technology spend has not changed from the first quarter. Financial institutions remain focused on solutions that can help them generate revenue, deal with the complex regulatory environment and create efficiency. As I've said upfront, our overall results are in line with our expectations, and we're on track to achieve our full year results. We still expect full year adjusted revenue to increase by more than 10% and adjusted internal revenue to grow 3% to 4%, with a slight bias to increased growth later in the year due to the combination of normal year-end seasonality and an easier fourth quarter compare.  We expect adjusted EPS to grow in a range of 15% to 19% or $5.84 to $6.03 per share. We continue to expect operating margin to expand between 10 and 50 basis points for the full year. And finally, we expect free cash flow to increase by at least 18% or greater than $6.55 per share for the full year. In summary, we feel good as we enter the second half of the year. The on-boarding of larger transactions is progressing well and sales performance is cracking. We continue to make strong progress in the Open Solutions integration, and we're enthusiastic about the significant interest in DNA. Overall, we expect to achieve our 2013 targets and have meaningful momentum as we exit the year.  Our success is attributable to the engagement of more than 21,000 associates who are helping Fiserv clients architect a new financial services experience around the world.  With that, let's open the line for questions. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, I mean we -- I would say the increased expectations are taking 2 forms. There is far faster engagement in the process. In other words, we have the client base is quite excited to have the opportunity to basically shop within the financial services technology store that we have. And so whether it's on the debit or credit card side or online banking, mobile, bill payment, those kinds of things, and you have tremendous interest there, as well as in other products that we probably had not prioritized. And that could be anywhere from our multichannel management solutions to our statement -- our custom statement offerings and just lots and lots of interest there, which we think is attributable, not just to, and to the fact that the services weren't there, but also this whole notion of -- specifically around the DNA platform, they bring a more modern technology architecture to bear. And these products, in combination with DNA, really go a long way in crafting this new financial services experience, which we think will be quite important over the next 5 to 10 years. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, so we are quite bullish about what we're seeing going on in the existing Open Solutions base. Again, the lion's share, the substantial majority of the synergy value is going to come from existing clients adding on current Fiserv solutions. So the reception has been quite warm. And that doesn't mean that we won't lose a client at some point. I mean that's, unfortunately, part of how the business works. But I'm not currently aware of situations where we have been under attack by clients and have those responses going the wrong way. So on balance, within the DNA base and the total plus base and the Open base overall, we're feeling quite good about that. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes. So Tien-Tsin, I mean obviously, we've been competing against that base for a long time. And we -- to some extent, anytime you have a transition, especially a transition like this, it has clients kind of reconsider, "Is this the right path for us and what does it mean?" Being that we've done so many acquisitions over the years, we know exactly what that feels like. And we have a pretty good handle on how to compete against that. So on one hand, we think it's good news that you continue to see validation that there's going to be combinations of providers. On the other hand, we think this represents a good opportunity go out and win some incremental business, frankly, none of which has been factored into how we thought about the world, given how new this announcement is. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, I mean, I think I'll give it a shot and let Tom correct or add where it should be. We did have a good quarter on license revenue in the Financial segment, probably a little bit more than we thought we would have. But as you know, license revenue tends to bounce around. But on the payment side, the 7% payments growth, as you know, that's not license revenue. That's kind of high-quality recurring revenue that we think is going to be pretty sticky moving into the rest of this year and into '14. So from that standpoint, we feel good about the composition of the mix between payments and in the Financial segment, and expect to see the Financial segment continue to do quite well for the remainder of the year. 
Jeffery Yabuki: No, I mean we're in good shape. There were a couple of transactions that needed to go live in the month of July. And we're right there. 
Jeffery Yabuki: So that is a good question. I mean the majority of the growth every year is going to come from the existing base and it's going to come from transactions, new transactions, more of the same kinds of transactions. So you're going to see that every year because, obviously, you're replacing revenue that might have run off in one way or another. For this year, in particular, and we'll see it again next year, we've had, as you know, a number of large clients. So at the margin, right, that's layering on in a way that is quite positive. But we are seeing pretty good growth just in the fundamentals of our different businesses. You can see it in a place like e-bill, for example, right? The second quarter of 5% transaction growth back-to-back after having no 5% quarters last year. Some of that is coming from new bill payment clients, but much of that is coming from new feature function that we've embedded in the product that's creating and enhancing the experience for our bill payment users. We've just put a new release into the market, which is, in fact, helping the bill payment users to have yet again another level of high-quality experience. So we're continuing to tweak and mold our ability to change the adoption patterns, so that's helping as well. And then things like we mentioned, Dave, the tablet ASP offering that we just went live with in the last -- over the last 45 days. We're really excited about how even something like that is looking. So a lot of them are kind of tweaking around and building the pockets of transaction capability within the base combined with those larger -- kind of those larger wins then -- and it's those larger wins that will take us out over multiple periods. And so that gives us some confidence in the momentum that I mentioned going into '14. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, so as of the first quarter, the end of the first quarter, only one of our larger transactions had gone live. And so now that's fully live and that was TD Bank, as we had mentioned. The remaining larger transactions have just started to go live, in fact, in July. And then we'll have a couple of more go live towards the end of the year. And then the Wells deal will go live in '14. So we're actually pretty early in the live dates of these larger transactions. Now keep in mind, these transactions go on slowly. They don't all jump in any one month. So it'll -- they'll anniversary over, call it, probably they'll feel like a 6-month run-on. 
Jeffery Yabuki: It depends on what the bank wants to do because the banks will gate how they want to migrate their users over. Some of them will migrate them over a relatively short period of time, some of them may migrate them over a 3, 4-month period. It really does depend. And then the other element that's important to keep in mind is because, at least we believe our bill payment product is very differentiated, we tend to see when people move over to our product -- we tend to see people transact more, get more utility out of things like e-bill, our risk model and those kinds of benefits to the end user and so there is a level of take-up that happens even in the end users who have been using the product on a more frequent basis. So again, from my own hypothetical, I would say, 6-ish months from the time the last clients start to go live is probably a good way to think about it. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Well, I mean you have -- if that were the only thing in the segment, that would be right. But you have, in the Payments segment, which is roughly a $2 billion revenue segment, you have a variety of different things that can moderate up and down in a quarter. But when we announced in the first quarter, we were very confident that we would see between 4% and 8% growth in the Payments segment for the remainder of the year. And it's hard for me to see how we would have gigantic swings in that just because of the recurring revenue. But I do think there could be some slight, slight swings on the margins that could happen. But on balance, we feel pretty good about where we are, given the performance in the second quarter and our visibility for the remainder of the year. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, I mean clearly, we have seen over the last couple of years, we've seen more than 100% growth in the mobile channel for something like bill payment. So I mean, I do believe the channel access, how we've gotten the products integrated are clearly contributing to the growth that we're seeing in the market or in the product, in the bill payment product. We, obviously, have P2P, which I think had 84%, 85%-ish growth. Obviously, that's on a small transaction base. But as you know, Julio, over time, right, that's going to grow and we fundamentally believe that space is conceptually as big as bill pay, if not bigger. Now that will take years to get there, but you've got that -- you've got a variety of different factors that are adding in to driving. You've got the continuing push on debit, the number of client wins that we're having. And we also are having kind of -- remember, in our Payments segment, we have our channels business and so we're seeing a lot of growth. I think the number of subscribers through our ASP mobile solution is up 3x over where it was last year. So -- and those people we are exposing, P2P and bill payment and mobile capture and those kinds of technologies, all of which are driving transactions in the Payments segment. So yes, we think we have an embedded advantage due to the integration. We also think people are actually still figuring it out -- how they're going to operate there. So all of that is conspiring to help us along with these big -- the bigger clients that we have won over the last few years. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, I mean, I do think the lag effect, right? Even think about take -- jump on to your debit example for a minute. I mean we're still growing somewhere between 300 and 500 basis points faster than the market because of that lag right into the 6,000 community-oriented, call it, the $30 billion and less banks, right? So we are the -- we're going to, we think, continue to be the beneficiary because you've got more ramp-up going on in that space and we're winning at a much higher rate than most. So I would expect that exact phenomena to exist. We've seen it in the bill payment area, right? So our bill payment transactions in the smaller end of the market are growing very, very fast relative to the overall market. And so we would expect to see that in all of these different spaces with the exception of P2P. Because we really are the financial institution-centric market leader, we would probably lead the market there as opposed to lag. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, so we are doing a lot of work. As you probably know, Julio, we own PEP+, right, so kind of the ACH standard across the U.S. We're doing a lot of work now and it really developed, we think, leading technology in that area that will allow financial institutions to move ACH as we kind of work through the risk side of it, move ACH on a realtime basis. So as that moves into the market, I do think there are opportunities there. From our perspective, we're probably more focused on the financial institution side. We view ourselves as being very issuer-centric and therefore, that's really where our focus is. But we are, obviously, paying a lot of attention on what's going on in the market, with merchants and, frankly, the battle that's occurring between issuers and merchants. So we do think ACH -- in fact, we're very confident ACH will play a role in there. It's just what does that role look like and how does that evolve? Eric mentioned Investor Day -- I actually think this is one of the areas that we'll want to talk about at Investor Day because we do think the whole notion of realtime, as we laid out a couple of years ago, as it's evolving and how the pieces come together, we think we're very well positioned to take advantage of those new opportunities. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, and I think the other aspect of that is how these services end up getting priced at the financial institution market. So right now, we see some financial institutions who are charging for mobile capture. We know financial institutions will charge for realtime P2P. We see that there are opportunities potentially to actually have financial institutions charge for mobile capture with realtime or immediate funds availability. So there are a variety of derivatives that are going on out there. And to the extent that our products and services are best aligned with the economic incentives, i.e. revenue and earnings at the financial institution level, I think we'll see a much larger push, as Mark said on the consumer adoption -- a consumer adoption element of that. 
Jeffery Yabuki: I would say the other thing is, we've been making fairly sizable investments in our channels businesses with specifically in something like mobile ASP. And as those revenues come on, we have the opportunity to recoup the investments that we make in prior years. And so again, even -- not just the scale businesses, but we would still view mobile as a subscale business, but that's really on an absolute basis, not on an incremental basis. 
Jeffery Yabuki: There were some competitive takeaways, and there were some kind of within the Fiserv family moving -- making a choice to move to the DNA platform. 
Jeffery Yabuki: It is. I mean a few years ago, we actually made a pretty large change to our organization structure of moving our sales organization -- moving into a single sales organization with very, obviously, very strong tiebacks to the businesses. And I think we're getting -- we're seeing some of those benefits. We've begun to see those benefits over the last couple of years, and I think that, that will continue. But I think the lion's share of it is around the fact that we have a really great sales force that's out there, knocking on doors and really pushing the value that we've created, the unique value propositions around integration and innovation, and they're doing a great job selling the products that our businesses has built. So, and I guess it would  be demand and personal stick-to-it-iveness. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, unfortunately, even PNC won't be live until later in the year, I think in the beginning of the fourth quarter. So we don't have -- beyond research, we don't have any real live in-market proof points yet. But we are pretty bullish about how the P2P experience changes when you integrate realtime. But we'll be able to talk about that in more detail come first quarter of '14. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Sure. From a perspective of market, as I recall, it's about 50-50. It might be 51, 49, it kind of shifts sometimes as between consolidator and biller direct. There is, I think most importantly, whether it's biller direct or consolidator, as a model, the lion's share, the substantial majority of bills are still not electronic. So there's a lot of room to grow on both sides of that value proposition. From our perspective, I actually think mobile will go a long way. The mobile and the combination of mobile and P2P will go a long way into bringing a large cross-section of consumers into the electronic bill payment consolidator space that we have not had access to historically. And so we're pretty excited about how that product will roll out. And as we've shared before, we have been in a place where P2P, the majority of P2P right now is actually not person-to-person transactions per se. It is, in fact, for a different subset of consumers to pay their bills electronically. So it tells me that there is a -- still a lot of runway on the consolidator side. Just one last point I would make, I mean as it relates to the Fiserv business, we have a very large business where we actually facilitate biller direct payments. Biller direct -- so we host those payment services across many of the larger billers in the U.S. today. And that allows us to, not only have access to the non-consolidator side of the market as it relates to the payment itself, but also very importantly, to distribute that bill back into the consolidator population for the nearly half of the population who prefers to pay in that fashion. Fundamentally, we believe that payments are a reflex action to some kind of a request for money. And so we're very focused on what are those different ways we can aggregate all of those requests and drop them into the consolidator site so that you can make it easy to pay bills in that fashion. We think one of the value propositions that drives biller direct is that you don't have to know how much you owe to go pay it. So how can we bring that content, make it available at the consolidator, we think, is a really interesting strategic question, probably not one that we can finish in the next couple of minutes, but it's pretty -- it's a great question and we think we're -- we're very excited about the opportunities because of where we play in that landscape. 
Jeffery Yabuki: You didn't miss it because we haven't yet published it. We're still working on it. We're highly confident that we're going to be above, and we expect at Investor Day we'll give an update on where we are with Open Solutions, including our new cuts at the synergies. 
Jeffery Yabuki: I don't know that I would say more back-end loaded than usual. I think our take for where we can see things right now is we had a little bit of incremental benefit in the second quarter, as Tom referenced, around some of the license revenue and the Financial segment at least as we might project out. And then in the fourth quarter last year, we always -- or the fourth quarter every year, Ashwin, as you know, have seasonality in a couple of our businesses, and we had a pretty easy compare, right? The third quarter, the organic revenue growth in the last year's Q3 was much better than it was in Q4. So on a comparative basis, I think you've got those drivers. But again, as we talked about earlier, if you're thinking a little bit more about the Payments segment, we do think that will continue to see ramping to your point. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, I mean I think -- I do think -- I mean, tech spend is probably, this year, will end up being somewhere between 30% and 40% of what it was in 2007 on kind of average level of growth per year. And I think -- I don't believe that it's necessarily sustainable, and I think there has been a lot of people have not been spending. So I do think we'll see it increase. But there is, I think, little possibility that people will allow tech spend to get ahead of what actually happens around rates and how that -- those rates actually translate to more net income for the financial institutions. I think they're going to -- I think people are going to sit on the sidelines a bit. Yes, they're going to feel more optimistic, but I don't think anyone is going to spend ahead of seeing what falls through to the bottom line. But that said, it's -- the market is far more optimistic right now than they were at the same time last year. You may remember last year that people started out strong and really fell off a cliff a bit. We're not seeing that, and that's why my commentary was really about Q1 outlook to Q2 outlook just in terms of, call it, a temperature index as opposed to anything else. All right, thank you. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. We obvious -- always appreciate your support. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, I think that's reasonable. We are going to have some fluctuations, as you know, David, in the Financial segment as license fees and other factors. But yes, I think that's reasonable from a range standpoint. 
Thomas Hirsch: And I think to add to that, David, I think the sales pipelines that we're seeing in regards to Open and other value content around DNA have built a lot faster than we would have anticipated sitting here back at the start of the year. So that's a very positive sign. 
Thomas Hirsch: I think it's really about equal between both. The first 2 years have the majority of the synergy benefit. 
Thomas Hirsch: There's a lot of changes that go on. I mean clearly we still need a strong second half, and we anticipate that. Generally, our second half free cash flow is fairly strong. If you look at last year, we generated roughly about $470 million of free cash flow in the second half of the year. So there's a lot of variability that impacts working capital, but our guidance is very strong from a standpoint of 18% increase in greater than -- from a free cash flow per share standpoint. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, I think the drop through, especially on a year-over-year basis, was very strong. But I think, Glenn, it's really the high-quality revenue growth that we've been talking about strategically for a number of different years, for the last couple of years and that coming to fruition. We have very strong businesses of scale, both in card services, which is our debit processing business, our bill pay business, et cetera. And it's really a culmination of those from that standpoint. As you know, our Operational Effectiveness initiatives continued to be strong, and that's really the primary drivers. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, excluding Open Solutions, so on the Financial segment, license revenue in the quarter was up about $9 million, which is roughly about a 2% positive impact on organic growth in the Financial segment in the quarter. And it didn't really impact the Payments segment because, as Jeff highlighted earlier, most of that is recurring revenue. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes. And Glenn, just one more note on the license fees, on a year-to-date basis, it's about flat compared to the prior year, up a couple of million dollars. Just so you have that. 
Thomas Hirsch: On the leverage side, we're at about 2.6x, and our target is between 2 and 2.5. And we've typically been at a little bit of the higher end of that range. So we'll continue to allocate our capital. As you know, we bought back more stock in the second quarter, share repurchase is our capital allocation benchmark. Then we'll pay down a little bit more debt. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, we're pretty well -- I mean we're -- we don't have a lot of float revenue income today. And so clearly, we have a portfolio there that's not earning a lot from that standpoint. So that's upside over the next several years to the extent we have interest rates that get back to normal levels. 
Thomas Hirsch: Right now, I think I don't want to do that at this point in time. But I think initially, when we purchased CheckFree, I think they were probably -- had around $40 million of kind of float income at that particular time. 
Thomas Hirsch: Term fees overall, excluding Open Solutions, they were flat with the prior quarter. And actually, on a year-to-date basis, they're actually down about $5 million. So it was a negative impact to internal revenue growth on a year-to-date basis. 
