Mike Kearney: No, that's, exactly right. I've got Steve here, I'll let him comment. But I think overall it speaks to the, frankly the quality of service, the stability and good long-term customer relationships. So Steve, you want to provide any additional color on that.
Mike Kearney: That's a good one, and I thank you for asking the wrong person. You need to ask some of the big operators. But I think some of the major developments have come to a production phase. We're seeing projections that the rigs in the Gulf will continue to soften. So it's a challenge. We can't directly dedicate the operators to do what they are going to do. So we've got to sit back and try to get the best market share and the best probability that we can. So, I don’t know if Steve or any of the other folks have a comment to add to that.
Mike Kearney: So initially we set out, if you go back at least three months, $60 million to $80 million EBITDA target. We've had some reversals in the U.S. land Gulf of Mexico does not look very pretty on the U.S. side at least. So we're thinking I know you're up at the top end of that range, it's going to be tough to get there, as Kyle mentioned. So if we can get even into the low end of that range, we're going to be doubling our EBITDA. So in a market that a lot of people say is we are pretty flat offshore. So we're not ashamed if we can get into the lower half of that $20 million range.
Mike Kearney: Yes, thanks. I would like to thank everybody for their interest in Frank's. To conclude, we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results for 2018. We are really optimistic about our outlook for 2019. Our targeted efforts to bolster the operational and financial performance of the company places us on a strong footing for sustained growth and profitability. We look forward to keeping everyone apprised of our progress as we move through the year. Again, thanks for your time today.
Steve Russell: I think you most of our contracts are quite long-term. So we've got a good contractual position going into 2019. And obviously, these planning for these big international projects stretch out there, so we have line of sight certainly into the first half of what's coming after it. So yes, we're still fairly optimistic on 2019 going forward.
Steve Russell: I think you got to look outside just the Gulf, because you've got opening markets obviously, in deepwater Mexico side and down in French Guiana, Suriname. And because of that, you've got operators looking in that whole area, removing rigs around. So where you don't necessarily see huge amount of excitement in the Gulf, you're seeing obviously quite a bit of excitement in those other areas.
Steve Russell: Yes, I think of course we will look at projects on a case-by-case basis. We have line of sight to some projects coming on in Q2 that will give us a little bit more share. We don't want to detriment margins by going out there and grabbing share. But we do see us picking-up a little bit more share year-on-year, primarily because of the market share we've already captured and that obviously carrying into the projects to ship.
Steve Russell: I think on the European side, we pick up some marketed Norway here. We picked that up in Q4, which actually drove some of that incremental we saw in Q4. Those are long-term contracts so those will carry through on 2019. In Africa, obviously, the outlook in Africa has been a bit spotty on rig count increases. But we did pick up a nice contract in Angola, which again will carry through till the end of the year. The Middle East, the story is around the UAE and Saudi Arabia where effectively the market share allocations are given out on a quarterly basis. So that can come and go around a quarterly few points.
Kyle McClure: I’d also add that we've got the Blackhawk business, which is going to be rapidly growing, unrepresented countries currently internationally. And so they are expected to see some pretty robust growth in 2019. That’s another piece of the pie here as we think about the international business.
Kyle McClure: I think you take a look at our international services segment is having the overall most dollar revenue growth followed by Blackhawk coming in second, and then our tubular business then followed by U.S. service in terms of ordering.
Kyle McClure: I think to get to $80 million this year that's going to be a bit of a stretch. I think it's going to have to come through a combination of disciplined pricing, operational efficiencies and continued cost control. I think as we look at our outlook today, I think getting to 80 is going to require everything hitting all cylinders, Blackhawk getting internationalized, international services containing to hit their numbers, as well as we got to continue to focus on cost line here. But I think 80 would be at the high end of the range that I would expect this year.
Kyle McClure: This is Kyle, I will address the first part of that question and I will let Scott pick up the second half. We changed our internal methodology in terms of how we’re allocation cost to that segment. Starting to getting to 2018, so Blackhawk picked up an additional amount of cost burning this year that was not burning in last year, we have that in our disclosures of course. And I will let Scott talk about '19 and what he expects for profitability there.
Kyle McClure: Let me put that into two pieces. We have two land businesses, one inside of Blackhawk and one inside of U.S services business. I think our TRS services business, we'd likely to see flattish year-on-year based upon the activity levels we’re seeing out there. I'll flit this to Scott and he'll talk a little bit about what their plans on in terms of where they have been participating and penetrating new markets they haven’t historically been in.
Scott McCurdy: So I guess the second part of your question. Last year, we saw nice growth. We more than doubled the international piece of the business, increased it that over the course of the year. We finished out with about 19% of revenue coming from international. But actually in the fourth quarter, it was about 24%. So we saw a nice next trend up over the course of the year. And I would say set a good foundation for some pretty substantial growth in 2019 as well as Kyle mentioned that's a pretty significant part of our growth expectation for the year.
Scott McCurdy: So to Kyle's point, there has been some increase in cost. But I would say too, if you just look at the fourth quarter in particular you did have a few jobs slide internationally. We did have some expected weakness in the Gulf and some unexpected shift in some product sales. But the biggest thing is we've also been making some investments in our infrastructure around engineering, new product development and testing and adding some international expertise, so all that will start paying dividends in 2019. I think we expect pretty much growth every quarter for international and U.S. land over the course of the year, and then the normal volatility in the Gulf based on hurricane season and things like that. But as those volumes increase, as we see those investments we've made covered, the incremental margin should be good and we should see those margins increase over the course of the year.
Scott McCurdy: I would say it's very difficult to predict right now for every customer that’s talking about dropping rigs. There is others that are picking up rig. But I would say overall for us as far as market position, we are still fairly underrepresented in U.S. land. We are unrepresented for sure in the Permian area, Oklahoma. And so just growing into those, almost regardless of market as long as it's still reasonably solid, provides a great opportunity for us. We have had more customer interest in rotating casing while cementing, which is a great driver for us. We are in a unique position to rollout new products, as well as consolidate third-party products and provide the service at the well site, so that the customers don't have to have as many different company service personnel. So we consolidate a lot of things, which is a unique advantage that we have. So there is number of factors that make us comfortable that even if the rig count does fall some, we have got a pretty nice growth opportunity. And some of that is just run rate from growth in 2018 as well.
