Jeffery Yabuki: Thanks, Tom. As I mentioned upfront, sales are off to a strong start even after finishing 2012 with record contract value. Sales for the quarter, excluding Open Solutions, was up 25% over the prior year. Sales quota attainment in the quarter was 87% of straight line performance, which compares favorably to the 58% attainment in last year's first quarter. Our sales pipeline remains very strong with a different mix than last year's results, which was led primarily by significant bill payment wins.  We've set a 2013 Integrated sales target of $210 million, which as you will recall, reflects annualized revenue, and this total includes $8 million related to our Open Solutions clients. During the quarter, we achieved $38 million of Integrated sales.  Our 2013 Operational Effectiveness goal is $60 million, which includes $17 million of anticipated Open Solutions cost synergies. For the quarter, we attained $14 million or 23% of our annual Operational Effectiveness goal. We've calibrated this year's objective to ensure we capitalize on the Open Solutions opportunity quickly and effectively. Environmentally, regulatory actions continued to abate in 2013. Through the end of March, there were only 9 actions, less than half the number during the same period last year, which is indicative of the general stability in the industry. On balance, institutions appear healthier and somewhat more optimistic. The majority of financial institution conversations are centered on mobile, payments and new ways to make more money, balanced by the unpredictability of the regulatory environment.  Our views on IT spend have not changed and we continue to see a bias to outsource solutions. Digital access, including tablet, smartphones and other devices, has gained a much more significant seat at the table, which is very well aligned with our strategic focus. As for guidance, our 2013 growth remains on track, including the adjustment for the Club Solutions disposition. We still expect full year adjusted revenue to increase by more than 10% and that adjusted internal revenue will grow 3% to 4%. Importantly, we expect to see sequential gains in revenue growth throughout the year.  We expect adjusted EPS to grow in the range of 15% to 19% or $5.84 to $6.03 per share, which reflects a $0.04 per share impact from the divestiture. And that operating margin will expand between 10 and 50 basis points for the full year. We expect free cash flow per share to increase by at least 18% or greater than $6.55 per share, which has also been adjusted slightly as a result of the divestiture. We feel great about our start to the year and are well positioned to achieve our full year guidance. The Open Solutions integration is going well, and we see additional opportunities to unlock value beyond what we identified at the time of acquisition.  We expect the combination of sequential quarterly growth and meaningful strategic progress to provide momentum this year and into 2014.  And last but not least, we thank our 21,000 associates around the world who are committed to enabling success for our clients each and everyday.  With that, let's open the lines for questions. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, a great question. Let me go through that. We have 5 or 6 areas that we see that are going to drive our growth for the remainder of the year. The first is really around onboarding our significant bill payment wins, and you can see that start to show up in the transaction volume in both bill payment and in e-bill this quarter. As I mentioned, we had TD that went online towards the end of the first quarter, and we actually have large installs coming in each quarter of the year from wins last year as well as actually a couple from the prior year. So we're quite excited to have those go live. And then, of course, as we announced at the end of the last year, we had Wells. We have Wells going on in the first quarter of '14 but that will continue that momentum forward. The secondary is really continuing strength in payments. We've had, as we've talked about, we've had strong results in debit, so in the card business. We're seeing some acceleration in our CashEdge-oriented products. We talked about Instant Payments and Popmoney. And as I mentioned, we do expect and have a high degree of confidence that our Payments segment growth will average 4% to 8% for the remainder of the year, well within our outlook, our long-term outlook. The next item is really around digital. As I mentioned, we had good success, 90 new mobile sales in the quarter. We still have several hundred institutions and backlog. Growth in ASP subscribers has been higher than we thought it would be and continues to be strong, over 1 million at the end of the quarter. We actually have a couple of large Online Banking customers coming online in the middle of the year. Those are deals that at, least one of them, we've been working on for about 16 months, large hosted deals, so that will come online, and we'll start recognizing revenue from there. And we also have a new ASP tablet offering that will go live in the middle of the year. Next item is really around current sales. We had a great sales start to the year, 25% increase year-over-year. And we expect that, that will actually turn into revenue sooner because it's first quarter sales. And then we've got the headwinds that Tom referenced, and that we identified coming into the year that we knew would work against us. We'll see that start to dissipate late in the year. So for all of those reasons, we have a good degree of confidence. And then lastly, a little bit tangential but important, open Solutions will continue to come online as we move through the year and we expect to see some more license revenue come in there and we also expect to see some revenue synergies come online. So those are the reasons why we're confident. We know that the fourth quarter last year was not where we wanted it to be, but it's really license revenue-based. And that part of that was the compare issue that actually impacted us, both last year in Q4, that Q4 of '11 was so strong that we actually had bleed into Q1 of 2012 and that worked against us. So we do have a high degree of confidence. It's largely around recurring revenue. Our plans this year do not show big ramps in license revenue. So for those reasons, we're actually highly confident in our results for the remainder of the year. 
Jeffery Yabuki: I would say the only other -- to your question on seasonality, Dave, there is some seasonality in that business in that it tends to be a little bit more license heavy than the rest of Fiserv. And therefore, their sales to existing clients typically were biased towards the end of the year as institutions have a better handle on their budgets. So we would expect to see that as well. 
Jeffery Yabuki: So you are right in terms of timing. I would say that our optimism in Open has come really in 3 baskets. The first one is the teams have worked extraordinary well together, a lot of transparency, and so we are capturing some of the synergies earlier than we thought. And the synergies really come on both sides. They come in terms of -- from the Open acquisition, as well as we pull some of our businesses together. So we're seeing some synergy benefits in terms of the timing. And then in the second basket, we're also believing that the total synergy value on the cost side is going to likely be larger than the $50 million that we talked about. And that will also help us to have a little bit more benefit this year. Now for clarity, I will say that our guidance for the year, right, the range, the 15% to 19% -- or 15% to 18% and now 15% to 19% range allowed for higher levels of synergy value. If you think about what the per share amounts are and that it's on a route, and you're not going to get a full year, it's impossible for us to get a full year of synergies on anything because of when we close. So that is accounted for in there, but again it helps us to be even more confident about where we're going to land. And then the third basket, and I think the one that I'm most excited about, is the revenue opportunity is significantly larger than I thought. And I believe we will see earlier wins than we really anticipated. And that's really a function of the comfort that the Open clients seem to have with us as a partner. There was this palpable sense of relief that the clients felt in terms of knowing that their provider was going to be around. And then the opportunity to look at the full suite of solutions that we have that, frankly, Open did not have, and that was a core thesis to our acquisition. But to see it live at our client conference with a record number of Open attendees and I've had the pleasure of meeting with a number of the Open clients one-on-one, I can honestly tell you that there is a very strong willingness to benefit from the bundles of value that we can bring in. So for those reasons, I think we will see both larger amounts of synergies and more benefit in this year than we anticipated. And of course, the larger of the benefits will be in the cost side because revenue has to ramp and most of that will not occur really until the third and fourth quarters in terms of the actual revenue benefit this year. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, that's great. On the macro side, I would say that the big winners were digital. Our digital businesses were up substantially on a year-over-year basis, so thinking about mobile, online and the connected capabilities to those services. We also saw great success in international. We had some nice international wins during the year. You may remember that about a year and change ago, we formed our -- an international business, where we had really been doing things I would say more opportunistically. We have -- we put one of our strongest leaders on top of international and we're starting to see some momentum there, so we were excited about that, that sales performance. And then we had good progress actually on the bank solution side, so in the account processing wins, we had some nice wins there. And then we had just a smattering of good deals in other places, but those are the big ones. And I would say, on the bill payment side, we were about even. The larger pill payment wins really occurred later on in the year. So in the first quarter, we were kind of flattish on that side. 
Jeffery Yabuki: I would say that the way in which it's changed is for us, we have less competitors to consider. So on one hand, the competitors are potentially larger or -- not potentially, they are larger. But instead of having -- I'm going to use this only illustratively -- instead of having 20 competitors, we have 10. So it's easier to know those 10 competitors than it is to know the 20. So on that side, that's a good thing. We're not seeing -- in these newer consolidations, we're not seeing any pricing that is concerning, so that's good news. And I would say, it's really a value proposition. As the market gets healthier, it's more of a value proposition, what are you bringing to bear? As I mentioned at the Open thesis, we're seeing it play out quite well. And then the other piece of it that we're focused on really from a macro standpoint, Brett, is realtime. I mean we really believe that the days of being able to cloak vast transactions in realtime will come to an end as consumers require information and access the way they are. And one of the interesting examples is even the Bank of the West Quick Balance technology. Imagine a technology that allows you to check the balance without having to log in to that app. Now you have to authenticate through the device, but it's really requiring data to move in a much more clear and concise and quick fashion. So from that macro, that's one of the reasons why we thought that Open was important as those technology demands change. But competitively, it's a competitive market. It's going to continue to be a competitive market and we're excited to out there and compete everyday. 
Jeffery Yabuki: I would say that if you -- we went through the use cases that we considered back in 2009 when we started ZashPay, and started to think about ZashPay, I would say that there are very little crossover between what we thought the primary use cases would be and why they are. And that's actually great news because the use cases that are developing are use cases that we've seen time and time again within our bill payment technology. And a number of them are quite well-suited for realtime. The other thing that I like is what we're seeing on the Popmoney side is a merchant, customer, financial institution triumvirate in that there's value being exchanged equally between those 3 parties. And I think there are ways for us to change that materially, increase the value for each of those parties, which as we talked about at Investor Day, we actually think is upwards around $10 billion of ultimately new financial institution fee revenue, but not crappy fee revenue and I mean that by not fees that are assessed on customers that, where they don't see value. These are fees that customers are going to be willing to pay, not unlike a foreign ATM charge where there is real value being exchanged. So we have a lot of bullishness around social payments, around Popmoney. It's one of the reasons why we continue to push the number of what we are thinking about as member institutions in the Popmoney network. And I think you're going to see a lot of movement on that front this year, at least from us. Signing STAR, bringing STAR into the value proposition and now allowing us to be ACCEL and STAR. I mean that's a lot of coverage in a financial institution arena for realtime. So that, we think, Popmoney, by itself, is an interesting value proposition. But Popmoney coupled with realtime is game-changing. And when you compare that to your point, to the use cases, there's a lot of opportunity out there and we're quite excited about it. 
Jeffery Yabuki: So it's easier for me to comment on the first one. And not surprising, we did check the status of each of the large implementations prior to the call. And we are in great shape on the larger implementations. So I don't expect -- I mean, listen, there's always a shock that something will get moved, a month or a few weeks or whatever the case may be. But I don't see any of these getting materially pushed. Now again, I'm not within the institutions but I don't see that. Take TD, for example. TD, they did everything they can actually to move their installation that forward. They're so focused on driving value through the bill payment technology that they were doing everything they could to pull it forward. And so we -- just given the momentum in the market, I don't see that happening. As it relates to can we give guidance on the growth rates, I think it would be imprudent to do that right now because there will be movements in the quarters. But as you know, because you're so familiar with bill pay, as these institutions come on, we're going to have several years of growth, transaction growth, as they both use it to promote to new consumers and use it -- use -- kind of see each of the individual consumers come up to speed. The other thing that we're focused on which will, we believe, be a little bit different than we've seen in other large institutions, the installs of the other large institutions, is we have grown our e-bill distribution a lot over the last couple of years. I think we've added multiple billion dollars -- multiple billions of bills for e-bill distribution. So that is a much superior value prop that these new institutions will be able to experience or the customers of the institutions will be able to experience. So I think we will have significantly greater levels of transaction growth sequentially each quarter through the year, and we expect that momentum to continue into '14. Obviously, Wells won't come on until January of next year, but we expect that to be important volume as well. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Yes, one of the interesting examples of that is I mentioned we've got a couple of larger online clients coming or Online Banking clients coming online in the middle of the year. And one of them would have had very material license revenue -- been very material license and professional services revenue that we have been unable to recognize any revenue because we agreed to host that solution for the client, which have better -- it's better cash flow, it's longer, it will allow us to actually be in better shape as it relates to other products. We expect to actually add mobile to that client this year, which will be a very material add. However, it changes the nature in which we are able to recognize that revenue. So I do think there is a secular edge do that. And to -- honestly, to the extent that we have the opportunities to create more NPV, we're going to bias to that even if it impacts us in the short run. The majority of the license revenue though that we saw impacting us in Q4 and this Q1 are not giant enterprise licenses. They're smaller licenses. We've had a couple of refreshes in our risk portfolio and some other areas that will come back online later on this year. So there is some cyclicality to that as well. But as you know, we're strongly biasing the processing and recurring revenue. And so we're going to always look for those opportunities where we can find them. 
Jeffery Yabuki: So I guess the way we think about our priorities is we believe we have an obligation to make technologies available to financial institutions, to issuers first. That's our #1 desire. That's our #1 focus and we are doing everything we can to make sure financial institutions have an edge versus non-financial institutions and other competitors. However, within our segment orientation, we said we have 3 primary focus areas. Financial institutions, billers and consumers. And so we are always looking for ways in the market in which we can deliver technology solutions that help improve the quality of the services or in some cases, the lives of consumers everyday. So for example, we have a consumer direct site called MyCheckFree, where we have a couple of million consumers who work with us every month to pay bills electronically, and certainly, we are looking for opportunities to enhance those experiences and make those available, make realtime available in places such as that. So I would say that as it relates to things like decoupled debit, I would say that's pretty low on our priority list. Again, we have an allegiance to financial institutions but we also understand that in order to win over time, everyone wins if there's more network and more ubiquity. And so we're looking for different ways to distribute outside that channel where it makes sense. 
Jeffery Yabuki: And I would say many cases, just to accentuate Mark's point, in many cases where people selected Acumen, it came down to 2 choices and Acumen was usually #1 or it was sometimes #1 and DNA was almost always the #2 because it was the only other kind of what I would call, technologically advanced system in the market. So from that perspective, people are generally familiar. And in many cases, what they did not have, what Open did not have is they didn't have the stability of the partner of the company so there was concerns about their financial viability. But they also didn't have all of the different solutions within their own family that they could deliver in a single integrated bundle. And that's really where we're driving value today. Interestingly, and one of the things that we've learned more about is Open had been out doing a fair amount of work replicating some of the Acumen capabilities that we were winning in the market. It's exactly what you would expect a competitor to do. So in some of the early releases that we expect to put out this year, some of those capabilities are already embedded. So the good news is as the Acumen clients are fairly pleased with that. The only other comment I should make is, and I should have thought about this earlier, is on the license revenue comment, one of the reasons why license revenue was down year-over-year is because of the Acumen clients, which in many cases were tending to be in-house clients. That license revenue, we were not getting that at the end of last year and we've actually not -- we're not getting it this year either yet. So that's one of the other benefits of making these DNA or getting these DNA conversions done is we'll get back to bringing some of that revenue back in. 
Jeffery Yabuki: No, I would say actually -- and Mark, you should fill in if I'm missing something. I mean, we actually wanted to make it extraordinarily clear at the time of the acquisition that DNA was going to be our go-forward platform. And while at times, some of the Acumen clients clearly were not happy with that, and we understand why 100%, we want to make it very clear to the market what our go-forward platform was going to be and we did that. So that's actually been quite helpful in terms of making sure there's good market clarity and allow us to really focus, not on a debate on which platform is the right platform, but how can we move people forward. 
Jeffery Yabuki: Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day. Thanks. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, I think, David, overall -- this is Tom. I think we continue to make progress in our globalization initiatives, as you all know. We continue to drive improvements in our operational structure around our data center infrastructure. Those are probably some of the bigger items that we have there. And we have some good pathway over the next several years also. But Open will be an important focus area and I think you may have missed this, but as Jeff indicated earlier, the initial view of the synergy benefits, we have visibility, and the more, as sit here today, we have to finalize that, but I think we've identified more as the work has gotten into a lot of details. So we're pleased about that also. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, absolutely, Dave. And this is Tom. First of all, to your point, it was a partial quarter. So you do have to do that annualization. Secondly, we are continuing to make a lot of momentum as far as the business goes. As Jeff highlighted, we had 5 new DNA sales in the quarter. The pipeline continues to grow, so we anticipate a sequential improvement in that business as the year goes on, as we sell well with the integration with the clients and the prospects, et cetera. So we're on track but we did anticipate that we'd have quarter-over-quarter lift, both from a revenue standpoint and then clearly, the synergy benefits, which are going to kick in largely in the second half of the year, and that was factored into our plan. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, Dave, I don't think we're going to -- we have -- your question was around interest expense, right? Dave, I -- you let out a little bit early on so... 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, I don't think -- it might be slightly down as we continue to pay off a little debt, but I think it's going to be pretty close to sequential down, very slightly as we go through the rest of the year. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, Tien, that TD went live at the end of March, so that is what is right now is the benefit that's going forward here in the second quarter and forward. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, I think you know that our license fees are now probably roughly about 4% of our total revenue and as you know, they fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. We did, in this quarter, have a tough compare to the first quarter of '12 because we had carryover from '11 so it made the little bit more difficult. But there's clearly a trend over time, as you know, in the core comp processing, more trends to outsourcing versus licensed solutions. And clearly, even in areas such as Mobiliti, online, they're looking to host those applications versus license. So I think there's always going to be that license revenue. But clearly, the trend is towards more outsourcing solutions and it's not a big number for us, so -- and clearly we've adjusted our plan appropriately in '13 given what we had in '12 from a license standpoint. But we're pleased actually with that trend. I mean, it generates recurring revenue, more scale, more opportunities to distribute more of our products and it's really beneficial over the long haul. 
Thomas Hirsch: Yes, I think if you look at the press release, we did take a -- we had write-off in cost of product that was the impairment, non-cash impairment charge, that went through that line item. As you see in the P&L, it's a footnote on the bottom. So when you take that out, it's really comparable on a year-over-year basis. 
