Douglas Gray Stephens: Thank you, Kyle. And prior to the taking your questions, let me wrap up on page 13 by reiterating several specific focus areas that when effectively executed will allow us to maintain positive adjusted EBITDA and return to positive free cash flow excluding dividends during 2017. The first will be to capitalize on the significant growth seen in the past nine months in the U.S. onshore rig count. By most indications, the growth trend onshore is expected to continue and Frank's is well positioned in the most important basins. We're also having success in engaging our customers to provide quality and reliable bundled TRS and Blackhawk services. The recent successful testing of new Blackhawk line of frac plugs and staging tools also offer upside to our traditional onshore offering. As these wells become more complex, we are seeing greater emphasis on quality well construction that can enhance the life of the well and improve resource recovery. Additionally, our successful penetration into underrepresented markets and the ramping up of work we've been planning for several quarters internationally should deliver improved results in the second half of 2017. Although deepwater rig activity growth still seems several quarters away, we expect scheduled work for Frank's to move forward as planned with fewer delays and cancellations. The expansion into the Middle East market has taken us some time, but successful execution in this market thus far has earned us the credibility to move to higher revenue and margin work in the future quarters. We're also encouraged by what we are seeing from customers and countries in Europe and Africa in regards to proceeding with planned offshore projects, where we've been awarded the work. At the same time, delays in Asia-Pacific are expected to subside beginning in Q3. The use of new technologies across all our offerings are also expected to contribute additional revenue streams as deepwater recovery is still potentially several quarters away. While rig rates have come down considerably, we are still seeing customers place priority on safety, efficiency and well integrity. These new technologies are receiving positive feedbacks from customers and further adoption is expected as we continue conveying the benefits that they provide. Although it's still early in 2017, we are exceeding our plan to new technology deployment and adoption in each of our markets around the world. We're also continuing to evaluate the industry landscape for companies or technologies that can further broaden our existing well-construction offering. We believe there are some attractive opportunities out there, and we have the balance sheet strength to take advantage of them at the right price point. Finally, controlling our costs to maximize cash flow remains a key component of the equation. As mentioned previously, we took additional actions in Q1 that brought us to the higher end of our $40 million to $50 million in cost reductions previously described. We are confident that the $150 million in costs that we've taken out over the last 18 months, approximately $100 million will be sustainable as the market recovers. We still plan to evaluate areas where additional cost savings can be realized. Executing on these opportunities to improve margins through a better aligned and more structured organization will help us reach our free cash flow targets. And in closing, while we continue to operate in a tough market for our deepwater expertise and technology, we're not without opportunity. We're competing vigorusly to maintain share in markets where we have a dominant position, we are gaining traction in underrepresented markets geographically, and we are becoming a more complete well-construction company through new products and service lines. The continued execution of this strategy is the key for our future success as a company and for long-term value creations for our shareholders. And we'll now open up the line for your questions.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Yes. I think, Blake, that's a fairly fair assessment, right. We've seen from the start of the year, the first few months of the year were fairly slow. The last few weeks, if you wanted, the quarter were quite good. As we mentioned, we've anticipated – some of the projects, to some extent self-help in West Africa and in the North Sea in Europe as we picked up a few more projects. Because of the cost reduction we've seen, we've seen very good incrementals on the additional revenue that we generated in both the two markets Africa – West Africa, and the North Sea. Asia and the Middle East have been a little bit slow for us in the first quarter of the year. We do see that accelerating, particularly in the second half of the year. We've won quite a bit of work there. We've talked about that in the past. And I think in the Middle East, what we're seeing is we moved to some of the higher margin work as our reputation and the delivery that we've had on some initial work is showing success and we'll move into some of the higher margin work in some of the key GCC countries. And then in Asia, we've been awarded some key contracts. We've been in the ramp-up phase for the last couple of months. By the time, we hit the second half of the year, I think we'll be firing on more cylinders in that part of the world.
Douglas Gray Stephens: I think, of course, if you lose a rig, that knocks on and carries over for a while. I think the situation there in the Gulf of Mexico is such that there is so fewer rigs right now, if you lose one or two, that actually has a material impact on share. And there's multiple players there, and some of our customers want to keep multiple players in the market. So, we've seen a bit of share deterioration recently because of that. But as we've said, we're vigorously competing to maintain share. And we think, by the second half of the year – there is probably still some further deterioration in terms of the overall rig count through the next quarter or two. But we expect a slight rebound – flattening to rebound in the second half of the year, and we're going to be pursuing share so. I don't know if that answers your question, Blake.
Douglas Gray Stephens: No, I think that's a real trend that we see ongoing, Chase. I think this downturn has fostered a few things in the industry. It slowed a few things down. I think one of the things that's been a consistent theme over the last few years and will seek continuing and probably accelerating of this idea of integration, right, across the service sector. I don't necessarily mean that everything is owned by one company necessarily, but we're seeing rig contractors being getting TRS and other services being included in their contracts. We're seeing bundled services being awarded to various players. And we're participating in all of those types of activities. And actually, looking at how we can more proactively pursue some of those, including on U.S. Land has been proactively working with rig providers to provide the services that may be included in their contracts so they may want to go include in their contracts, and likewise, with offshore. So yes, we do see that in collaboration is something that we see as part of the future.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Well, I think what we're going to see as this collaboration, we'll see different flavors of collaboration in different parts of the world. So, what I see in U.S. Land is, typically, we haven't seen a lot of integrations; it's been very single-service providers there in the service space, not just in the TRS space but kind of overall. But we do see collaboration with the land rig providers as being potentially one of the next steps in our evolution as we go into increased rig count in U.S. Land and customers are still looking how they can make more efficient wells. I think internationally, we see different types of collaboration. A large number of contracts being awarded today through integrated of bundled services with large integrated service providers. And we're actively participating in those. The largest OFS players are also good customers and good partners of ours. And in certain parts of the world, such as the North Sea, TRS services are often included as part of the mobile rig contracts. And again, we're collaborating with rig providers up there.
Douglas Gray Stephens: So I think collaboration will be ongoing, we'll have a slightly different flavor depending on the geography or the customer.
Douglas Gray Stephens: So, if you start with we don't have three recurring, and we call that $4.5 million. I think the mix of business will be challenging as you have sort of more U.S. onshore, more Blackhawk onshore, and sort of the tick down in Gulf of Mexico. And so I would say we started at that $4.5 million number, but I think there is going to be some headwinds within Gulf of Mexico in the mix of business there to kind of bring that down a little bit.
Douglas Gray Stephens: I think the market in West Africa, it's frankly – it's a tough market, right? And there's multiple countries down there, some in certain positions as rigs move in and out. I think what we described is that we've been successful in picking up projects in remote countries. We've driven a lot of cost out of our West Africa operations after the really significant downturn we saw through last year, and as a result, when we do pick up work we're seeing very good incrementals on it. So, we've reduced our critical mass in many of these countries to the point now when we do pick up work we're seeing good margins in it. But it clearly was a mixed bag. I certainly wouldn't tell you that every country in West Africa was blowing and going in the first quarter because that's far from the case. And I think it will be a while before the overall market down their turns around.
Douglas Gray Stephens: I think – it's a good question. I think on some of the projects that we have, we said that risk is reduced because the rigs are actually drilling and they are waiting on us to get on the rigs side. I think in some of these projects, that's how we're defining it. Again, Asia, we see as a market, which will be fairly slow to recover. A lot of these countries, $50-oil are not going to be having huge investments in them. Where we've talked in many of these cases, where we're seeing improved results via North Sea, Europe, West Africa, or Asia, a lot of it's simply because we won contracts for rigs that are working or about to start working have been awarded.
Douglas Gray Stephens: In short, we're picking up share in some of these key markets, which is because of the reduced cost base, it's driving good incrementals.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Okay. Thank you very much, Andrea, and thank all of you for your questions. So as mentioned, we are confident that we have the right strategy in place and look forward to updating you on the progress we're making in executing towards our goals to generate free cash flow, hold share in dominant markets, and grow in underrepresented markets, while broadening our well-construction offering. So, I'd like to thank all of you for your time and interest in Frank's International.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. I think – this is Kyle. I think, what we'll see here is kind of a Q2 click down potentially some more share challenges. But there is still a lot of stuff that's sort of out for tender right now that we just have not heard back on. There are some very – I recall I think, six or seven rigs various tenders that are out there right now in the Gulf that are up for grab. So, it's sort of hard to model that because we don't have an answer back on a lot of this stuff yet. But we feel pretty comfortable click down into Q2 and sort of flattening out in the back half of the year right now. Potentially upside of that, if we get a couple of these tenders come our way.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. So the corporate overhead – let's take a step back. We have gone through a pretty significant sort of restructuring of our cost reside within that segment. We have pulled out of the Gulf of Mexico and U.S. Land businesses, a lot of it for the administration, insurance, real estate, sort of non-controllable costs and pulled it into the corporate overhead. So, as we have been quoting you numbers last year, I think, in the $13 million to $15 million range, I'm going to start this year by quoting you a negative $25 million range for sort of corporate overhead, that's engineering, QHSE, all the administrative support functions that really support globally. But a lot of them kind of sit in Lafayette and Houston. So, we're going to start with that as your new number for this year. We're going to go with $25 million and work off of that as we talk about color. The margins we've talked about, Joe, in Q1 – sorry, the exit of Q4, similar zip codes in Q1, no real change from kind of that discussion point. I don't want to get in too much specifics on this, but we are in the same zip codes.
Kyle F. McClure: Yes. So, I think we talked about this sort of exiting Q4 and these were 20% give or take range. And I think I mentioned, we're in that zip code currently coming out of Q1.
