Frank Bisignano: Thanks, Bob. As we mentioned, we saw a solid rebound off the trough of April into early August and seeing that consistent level of performance through last week. Looking at the business environment, our client conversations continue to be quite encouraging and generally centered on helping them grow their business, reducing their operating costs and better serving their customers right in the wheelhouse of what we do. As we had discussed on the last quarterly call, our back-to-business program to help minority and specifically Black-owned small businesses is in full force as we advance our nationwide objective: distributing at least $10 million in grants to qualifying businesses. We continue to see an increased interest in all things digital. Whether it's around e-commerce, more card use at point-of-sale, touchless payments, including digital wallets, or accelerating P2P payments, we are well positioned to provide the capability our merchants, financial institutions and business clients need. As you have heard, we are pleased with our results to date. Given the current economic backdrop and our strong financial performance, we are raising our 2020 financial outlook for adjusted earnings per share. We now expect full year adjusted EPS growth of at least 11%, up from the prior guidance of at least 10%, over last year's adjusted level of $3.95 or at least $4.37 per share for the full year. As we've stated previously, our outlook does not contemplate the second wave of shelter orders or other circumstances which creates significant incremental economic duress in the last 2 months of the year. We put our strong financial performance for both the quarter and year-to-date as we navigate these unprecedented times. Our business is showing incredible strength and resilience, leading to what we fully expect will be our 35th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth, along with the foundation for even stronger results in 2021. Last, let me thank our more than 40,000 talented associates around the world for their commitment and courage as we stand together to deliver value for clients, our colleagues and you, our shareholders. With that, operator, let's open the line for questions. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I mean we've had these 3 big wins. In a general year, having one of them, would probably be a big deal. I think we spend a lot of time building out our product set. And it's -- I mean ADS was as big a deal as you're going to find. You take by account size, the fourth largest processor issuer. So my view on all of this is we have a great technical stack. We have tremendous surrounds. We've demonstrated a world-class base system and then a bunch of digital around it, and it's very appealing to larger issuers right now. And I think ADS was a very competitive process. But those are very, very long term, valuable relationships that we cherish. And I think to develop them as having long-term organic growth capabilities and the ability to, given what we have inside our house, have great, great ability to fit within the platforms we run. So competitive processes, we've been fortunate in the wins, really 3 top 25 issuers; one, the fourth largest issuer. And I think it has a lot to do with the investments we made in the business and our maniacal focus on the client. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I think one way to think about it is we grew 10% in 2019. We actually had an industry-leading position. We came into January and Feb, and we were low double digits. And then COVID hit and we hit to the trough. But when you look at the breadth of our clients, from the SMBs to the largest global enterprises, that diversity, both of client size and the vertical nature of our clients, we're not over-indexed to any one piece. And then we have a tremendous geographic diversity. So you put those, and then you put Clover growing at 30%, and we all recognize all SMBs aren't in business. And as Bob has said, probably more late cycle. So we feel very good, and the Clover platform is gaining tremendous investment in it. The e-com business, which is our own direct business that we're winning those deals in and that stack that we built, really is resonating. The global presence of it and the omni-channel presence, us having both physical and electronic capability like e-com given that omni-channel has really resonated in the client's office. And I think our distribution is unparalleled. If you think about even signing up 200 new bank merchants since the deal, the great vision Jeff had around this core processing integrating with bank merchant, is showing up in the client's office in a tremendous way. And then you got Verizon, Paychex, Deluxe, so we're a partner of choice. And we're not at the growth rate we were pre-COVID, but we're achieving the growth rate we are because of the massive scale distribution and multichannel capability and being a partner of choice. And so I think it showed up all 3 quarters of this year just relative to market conditions. I hope that answers it for you. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. Thank you. I mean, look, I guess the best way to think about it is the competitive wins we have. And we still are building technology. We'll be building it forever. We're iterating always on it. And we're using the power of our data and information and all the other assets we have inside the house. I think the best way for us to cover it all is at Investor Day where we'll walk you through the full stack, give you a full look at really where we sit in the market structure and understand really how strong the e-com product is that we have and why we're winning the business that we're winning. So I think that would do it the most justice. But we feel good, we go head-to-head every day and we win more than we lose by a lot. 
Frank Bisignano: I wouldn't necessarily think about it that way. But if I think about -- remember, that has multiple businesses in it, right? So you also have businesses right this moment that are affected by foot traffic. You got the prepaids, like gift, you have our TeleCheck business, and you have elements of RPL that are affected, that are negatively affected, by COVID. If you look at sequentially, that business improved 400 basis points. And so I think we believe that our business is very strong. We love the network. We talked about all the characteristics of being the #3 network. So I would think about it that, yes, we're going to grow more. And I think we're going to talk -- that's why when we get to Investor Day, we'll take you through '21 and medium-term outlook. And we feel very, very strong about the Payments segment and all the innovation we have going on in the Payments segment and why our clients on both the merchant and the issuer side are so motivated by it. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I think the clients are looking at the holistic nature now, the integrated nature. And we've moved to -- which was always there, but even driving it even further, how we deliver an integrated bundle and how that integrated bundle makes it easier for the client to service their clients and, in fact, how we serve our client better. So they really are completely integrated. It'd be very odd not to see that right now given the fact that no one else offers the modern core we have: Debit, credit, merchant solutions and the digital suite. Those digital products are huge in this offering. 
Frank Bisignano: 100%. I mean, look, we have a very long tail of opportunity in Zelle and then how we bring Zelle into the ecosystem and giving the assets within this company, how we utilize them across the payment spectrum. And I think you'll hear some of these things at Investor Day and see how we put this together with our bank partners to deliver them best-in-class payment capability. 
Frank Bisignano: That's okay. That's good. Investor Day would be part of the answer. But look, we have -- that's $1.2 billion, of which we've actioned $875 million. And you heard us talk about the effect of our synergies on the P&L next year. I think what you can go back to is think about both these companies premerger were very good at operational effectiveness. And there will be a moment where we will continue to drive operational effectiveness and it will -- it's part of the DNA, whether it's using artificial intelligence, whether it's using RPA, we continue to bring AI in through many of our service elements. And both companies had dimensions of it, and we've had the benefit to bring both together. I mean the standard work of closing data centers and consolidating, which we've done more than 20 so far, that will wind down in synergy, but we will always drive an operational effectiveness program. And you could count on us talking about that as a regular way, all right? That will be through -- and we have a deep belief that we are able to improve service, improve quality while, in fact, being more efficient. And that -- I think it resonates our client's office. They feel it, and it's the way that we'll run the company going forward. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I mean you've got the issue of the periodic revenue, so we don't have to go through that again. But I think what you see us is winning in the client's office. And I think a good way to think about it is we had a third-party consultant, FedFis, come out and basically say -- if you look at where we sit, we have 40% share, in the mid- to lower end of the market, right, which we are very, very good at and committed to. Now we've had bigger wins. We just boarded NYCB, which is a huge client. But I think we view ourselves over the long haul as being a market-share gainer. And I think the company was a market-share gainer and is a market-share gainer in various segments. So I think -- and I want to go back to how we're winning. We're winning cause of the bundle. We're winning because of the integrated solution. We're winning because of the digital assets that come along with it. You heard Bob talking about the amount of Architect installs we did and the amount of Architect wins we're having, which all drive ultimately future revenue growth for us. So I think you're going to see a lot over the next few years. You'll see a lot on Investor Day of why these businesses are so strong in Fintech. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes, I mean, look, international has a lot of countries in it, and every country is different. So I don't ever think about international. I always think about regions, and that's how we run it, and then down to countries. And different countries have different lockdown situations. But we're winning in the market outside the U.S., and we have strong growth in many cases and innovation both in the electronic space and in the physical space. And then if you look at Clover and you look at e-com, what you see is that they have had tremendous investments in their technology. We've had big changes in go-to-market strategy fundamentally in the client's office. We're running a very direct business now across the enterprise, and we are taking share. 
Frank Bisignano: I can tell you what I hear once or twice a day from a bank CEO or somebody who runs the retail division of a financial institution. Digital transformation speed is one of the most important things we have going on. And so I think from a market structure standpoint, we feel that our digital assets in our core coming together in a client's office and transforming them and bringing all the other -- bringing the debit capability, bringing the credit capabilities, I mean one of the great synergies that Jeff and I knew we had was the capability of bringing credit to smaller institutions, and we're seeing it happen. We're converting them every week. So I think it's a digital transformation on all products. It's bigger than just the core and fintech, but it's how do they integrate together. And to me, I don't think this is about banks deciding how much they're going to spend. It's banks figuring out with us how much they could transform how they operate with their clients, which is way more valuable for them to grow and compete than it is the cost of what they need to pay to us. And that's how they see it. This is no longer a luxury, the digital transformation, it's a way of life. And so I think we are in a fabulous position. Our clients feel good about it. We have the resource availability. We showed a fabulous conversion and implementation machine. And I think all my interactions with people who run financial institutions, which happen every day, is they're highly motivated to get as much of digital opportunity. And that's what I think about when you think about long-term growth in Fintech. 
Frank Bisignano: 5, 6 weeks, and we'll look at -- on Investor Day, we're going to take you through the inside and out, every business, the strength of our e-com business, right, how our segments operate, why our technology prowess is so strong, why we win in the client's office. We're going to talk to you about our long-established capital allocation strategy, with share repurchase as the primary benchmark for capital deployment. So I mean it's not -- I apologize because you know how well I think you guys, but this isn't the time to do segment guidance, if I may. But I'll answer another question if you got one. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes. I think if you COVID-adjust, which is a little hard not to say these days, we find our attrition rates to be fundamentally at an outperform against the industry right now given the stack of technology that we're providing for clients. So we feel really, really strong about what we're doing in the client's office and the product set and the stickiness of our clients. 
Frank Bisignano: Good to talk to you, Dan. I'll see you soon. Thank you. And look, if I would like to take this moment to thank everyone for joining the call. I do look forward to us having a great virtual Investor Day with you, and Bob and I look tremendously forward. I would like one more time to -- I mean Jeff Yabuki has been a legend running this company, and I think you've all been fortunate to follow him, and I'm fortunate to follow him on his footsteps. So you guys have a fabulous, fabulous night. Thank you. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Dave, a couple of things you pointed out there. One, as we indicated in our prepared remarks upfront, we saw very nice improvement off the bottoms, the low back in April through July and then saw some leveling off into August, September and even through October at this point. And our expectation right now is for that to continue. Obviously, a lot going on in the world, a fair amount of potential variability in that. From a periodic revenue standpoint, we actually do anticipate continued headwind into fourth quarter, both from the standpoint of terminations and licensing revenue, a combination of periodic revenue. It will be more pronounced in the Fintech segment but also we're seeing some of that in the Payments segment. 
Robert Hau: So the brand assessment fees, we expected to rebound meaningfully in the second half of the year after we come off that difficult second quarter. We saw that absolutely come through in third quarter. And we expected that to bounce more meaningfully in the third quarter, a bit more to come to us in the fourth quarter. So sequentially, you'll see less of a ramp that we did, that we got the benefit of in the third quarter. In terms of kind of ongoing margin, I'm not quite ready to give you a guidance for 2021, but I will tell you that in the Merchant segment and, quite frankly, across the company, we feel very good about the cost actions we've taken, being permanent improvement. And as we get revenue growth across a very scaled business, we think these margin improvements can hold into the future. 
Robert Hau: Yes. We didn't actually cite it in the opening remarks. I would say we probably picked up about 2/3 of that in the third quarter. 
Robert Hau: Just quickly, to add to that, this is an area that we're absolutely investing in: in digital matters, payments, risk, capabilities to bring to those financial institutions in our fintech space, and we continue to bring additional products and services, and that's helping us win those cores as well as win digital users that you head us talk about. 
Robert Hau: Yes, absolutely. And I made comments about this upfront. The cost -- the margin improvement that we're seeing this year, including the 300 basis point expansion that we had in the third quarter, is absolutely driven by permanent cost-out. It's one of the things that we actually talked about a year ago when we frequently got the question of how will you perform in an economic downturn, never anticipating that it would be driven by a pandemic in 2020. What we said was, look, you know what, if we're headed for an economic downturn in the near term, we will have, at the time, $900 million, now $1.2 billion worth of cost synergies. And we've been working since the beginning of the year, particularly as the pandemic hit and we saw the economic downturn coming, to accelerate those cost synergies. And in fact, back in mid-March is when we announced the increase from $900 million to $1.2 billion. So the cost actions that we're taking are permanent cost actions. They are not in reaction to the COVID dynamic that you are seeing from a number of places. So we're not doing pay cuts or furloughs or things like that, that naturally come back into the business when the economy comes back. That's why we believe the margin improvement is sustainable, and we have future opportunity ahead of us as we continue to drive our cost synergies and then move to operational effectiveness into the future. 
