Melissa Cougle: Good morning, and welcome to Frank's International conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings. Our speakers today, as shown on Slide 2 of the earnings presentation, are Mike Kearney, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and myself, Melissa Cougle, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of today's call will be Steve Russell, Senior Vice President of Operations. 
Melissa Cougle: Yes, I'll add to that on the Cementing side as well, Ian. So we actually have a little bit of product business on the Cementing side as well. And some of the cementing growth this year, particularly in Q1, will be coming from US land, which is a little bit of lower margin as well. So I think we will end up for the year probably looking in that range that you're seeing in Q4, maybe a slight degradation but somewhere in that range. I think the difference is what do we see here in Q1 as we're continuing to find that trajectory.
Melissa Cougle: I'm doing some quick math here. It looks like it's probably at least give take 20%, I think you said 20% to -- I was busy doing my math. 20% to 30% land and 70% to 80% offshore.
Melissa Cougle: The regional drivers. Yes, it's largely -- I'll let Steve, but it's largely Africa is probably our single strongest region for the year.
Melissa Cougle: And maybe a final comment to chime in here and say, it is on our objective list this year to -- there's several companies that are technologically sort of -- that specialize in monetization, and they have what's called a Vitality Index. We have a Vitality Index as well. Although, admittedly, we're looking to sharpen that metric, which will help to guide us off on customer, like formal customer adoption rates in the future. So it's part of our wave of the future to really get sharper on the ability to speak to those metrics.
Mike Kearney: Thank you, Melissa. We appreciate everyone joining us for the call today. Turning to Slide 4. We delivered solid fourth quarter results with total revenue increasing 14% sequentially to just over $96 million. From an adjusted EBITDA standpoint, we were able to move the company back into positive territory, and what we believe to be the bottom with adjusted EBITDA increasing to $4.6 million. From an operational perspective, we experienced improved customer activity levels, primarily in our Tubular Running Services segment. We witnessed multiple rigs going back to work in several core operating areas, after previously being sidelined due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, we experienced an improving revenue backdrop in our US onshore business, which mirrored the average US land rig count increasing over 20% in the fourth quarter.
Mike Kearney: Thank you, Melissa. Before we close out today's call, I would like to reiterate a few key points. First, Frank's has a solid operational platform that positions our organization well for 2021 and beyond. Our Tubular Running Services segment experienced substantial improvement in the fourth quarter, and we expect additional growth in 2021. In addition, further international expansion in our Tubulars and Cementing Equipment segments will be drivers of enhanced revenue and profitability as well. Second, the achievement of our cost reduction targets transform the operational cost structure of our organization. The vast majority of those cost reductions are complete and we will see the full benefits of all these efforts in 2021. Third, despite a very challenging year created by COVID-19 pandemic, we executed our business strategy with one of the best safety records in the company's history. Finally, despite the difficult year, our operational execution, capital discipline and cost reduction efforts enabled us to further strengthen our balance sheet. We have one of the strongest balance sheets in the entire oilfield service universe, and that places us in an enviable position to be able to act when potential opportunities arise. In closing, I would like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication in 2020. The difficulties we faced provided an opportunity for our employees to rise to the occasion yet again, and deliver not only excellent service quality for our customers but also one of the best safety records in the company's history. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the line for Q&A.
Mike Kearney: One point you made earlier, Ian, that I would like to emphasize is on the Tubular side with those two businesses being so different, the drilling tools and the actual Tubular business, we're projecting we'll continue to see volatility in that as we move into this year. Overall, we feel pretty good about it but there will be lumpiness there. So I'm glad you pointed that out.
Mike Kearney: I think dividends are still a little ways off. Of course, it would be nice in the future to reinstitute a small dividend, but we're not even actually thinking about that right now. In terms of the CapEx, we're going to try to keep our CapEx pretty much in line this year with last year. It's really a challenge. We've got so many good new technologies and they do require capital. This isn't just a steady state business. We're always trying to invent with a purpose. The things we've come up with over the last year, the customers love, but it takes capital to build them. So it's that high wire act of trying to roll out new technologies, generally having higher margins and not spend a lot of money at the same time. So it doesn't fit needly in the same bag but we're going to do our best to reinvest in the business wisely is all I can say.
Mike Kearney: Okay. Thank you, operator. I'd like to close by reinforcing our unwavering commitment to safety and remaining the high value, low risk provider of services and products to our customers. We look forward to updating you on our progress and performance in our first quarter call, which will be in May. Thanks to everyone to be on the call and your interest in Frank's. Goodbye.
Steve Russell: Yes, I think operationally, our TRS business shows incremental margins of anywhere sort of 40% to 60%, that's what falls through. So you can sort of back calculate the maths based on that. The Tubular business, it's a little bit lower depending on the mix of that business. As you know, there's a sales business and a service business embedded in there that have different incremental margins but a little bit lower than on the TRS business.
Steve Russell: In the TRS business, it runs typically 70% to 80% offshore, obviously, 20% to 30% land. I don't have the latest Cementing numbers and that's obviously being driven by the recovery in US land that we have been seeing…
Steve Russell: Yes, I mean, I think is everybody was aware, Africa all but shut down here during Q2, Q3 2020 with COVID hitting. We've seen a wake up in Africa in Q4 and we sort of continue to expect that as we go through Q1 and then particularly in Q2, Africa waking back up again. We've also got some projects starting up in Australia and Brazil, where we have line of sight to some fairly substantial projects starting up in Q2 onwards.
Steve Russell: Yes, I think there's a little bit of both in there, yes. The rebound we've seen to date was really sort of COVID projects coming back on stream again. But we have seen and are talking to clients now about projects restarting. Again, I'll call out the Eastern Mediterranean here where it was totally dead last year, but now clients are looking and starting to plan projects in that part of the world where those would typically kick in. We're expecting somewhere around Q2, Q3.
Steve Russell: When we went into the downturn in US land, we really wanted to keep ourselves where we had sort of an operational footprint where we could service the basins, but then sort of pull the cost down. And we did that with a number of mechanisms, primarily focusing on sort of multiskilling people and having folks that generally work in a base going out and doing jobs that gives us the sort of footprint and the base in each of those basins to rebound back up again. And I mean, obviously, as everybody has been watching the rig count, we've seen it bounce back again. That started in the Permian and the Eagle Ford, but we've now start seeing recovery in most of the other basins. So we're sitting, we think, quite well to pick up that activity in all basins as it picks back up again here.
Steve Russell: I think Mike's prepared comments there, there was commentary on some sort of decrewing type technologies that we're putting in there. And I think COVID has accelerated the demand for that. But I think that will stick in a post-COVID world, a demand for having less people to be able to provide operations on a rig site. So like Mike mentioned, we're pushing those out quite aggressively and we're fairly hopeful that on customer uptake on those.
Steve Russell: Again, I think it's quite different in the different markets that we operate here. You mentioned US land specifically. I mean, there has been some competitor consolidation on US land, but it still remains a highly competitive marketplace there. I feel we have seen bottoming pricing in US land and we're sort of testing some price increases as we speak in US land to see if they stick. In the international marketplace, again, there are some regional competitors in there in certain markets. But on a sort of a global basis, our main competitor is still out there. And I wouldn't say there has been any material change from what we've seen in the past on how we compete with them.
