Mike Kearney: Thanks, Kyle. This week marks the one year anniversary of the closing of the Blackhawk acquisition. We have made significant progress during that time in terms of integrating our offerings and deploying new technology. Our customers are now benefiting from safer operations, improved well integrity and overall project efficiency. Additionally, we have achieved cost synergies as a result of consolidating many of our back-office functions and programs. The award winning SKYHOOK cement line make up tool continues to have success offshore, and we’re in the process of allocating capital to build more units to satisfy demand. Our new Blackhawk products, set for commercialization by year end, will fit nicely into our growing portfolio. The Blackhawk and TRS teams are collaborating to find new opportunities, which will increase our revenue per rig. We are starting to see some synergistic revenue opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico in both U.S. and Mexican waters as well as the U.S. onshore market. We are making good progress in modifying our equipment to meet the customer specifications in new international markets in 2018 and have already seen some upcoming work materialize in Canada, Africa and the Middle East. With diligent effort, we will be able to fully realize the international opportunities with our Blackhawk product offering. The combination of the Frank’s and Blackhawk products and services will provide a solid platform for growth in the coming years. Our mission is to provide our customers with tailored solutions and technology that add value to their projects. This will help us deepen relationships with current customers and open the door to new customers around the globe. Let me conclude our prepared remarks on Slide 13 by giving some commentary on the market as we head toward the end of 2017. First, we expect the U.S. Gulf of Mexico to see improvement in revenue and share over the next few quarters as previously announced customer projects ramp up. Second, the U.S. onshore market remains an area of growth despite the recent pullback in the rig count and we expect this to continue, albeit at a slower pace in Q4. International revenue growth is being hindered by pricing impacts and work being pushed into 2018. Lastly, we believe we are on track to meet our goal of free cash flow breakeven for 2017. Like many of our peers, we are monitoring our customers’ exploration and production plans for 2018. At this time, it’s difficult for us to provide much color on what to expect for next year. As we begin to develop and deploy our strategic initiatives, we will have better visibility as to what we can expect in 2018. In due course, we will offer more specific direction on our outlook. We will now open up the call for questions.
Mike Kearney: Yes, yes. Ian, that’s a great question. One of the things I was trying to differentiate in terms of Core Laboratories, having been on the board and knowing their numbers quite well. They are not organized exactly like we are because they have some very unique and distinct products. So they are able to push engineering, QHSE and things like that, down into the division. So there is a little bit of a mismatch in terms of how we present our financials now versus how say at Core Laboratories or some other companies do that. So we’ve got things, accounting-wise, in corporate that we really need to push into the operating divisions, not only from an accounting and accountability standpoint, but in some cases, from an actual management and reporting structure standpoint. But I will let Kyle pick up on that.
Mike Kearney: Yes. But to answer your question directly, yes, we need to be more efficient, which will reduce our cost. I mean, our cost structure is still too high, no doubt about it. And as we go through these strategic initiatives, which will be very specific action-oriented programs with leaders that have accountability, we’ll make improvements. So I’m all into accountability, specificity, people being accountable, time lines, deliverables. So we’ll get there. But it’s just trying to be much more specific in our goal setting and our follow up.
Mike Kearney: Yes. I think basically, that’s the strategy. You listen to some of the conference calls of some of the both operators and service companies. Their people tend to go where the money is and there is a big wallet for the land business. So I think people, companies and managements are trying to see what they can harvest in the land business and we are certainly doing the same thing. We are trying to get better and more efficient and really push on the land business. We have got some good opportunities there. And as we look at new products and services, we are definitely I think looking a little bit more towards the land right now than the offshore, because that’s where the action is.
Mike Kearney: That’s a good question. We are certainly not going to get into a lot of details on that, but I think what Doug was – first of all, I have got to say, Douglas is really smart guy. He knows the industry very well, great family guy. He has two boys. So we wish him well. But culturally, it just wasn’t a great fit. And I really don’t want to say anything other than that, but there is no salacious back story here. It’s just it wasn’t a good fit. So the board took action and asked me to step in. And I agreed to do that. So as I said, we wish Douglas well, but I want to focus on the future. And I am just really excited about the opportunities I see.
Mike Kearney: Yes. So the bottom line is, as these contracts reset, make no mistake about it, the pricing is tougher. And so with tools like the VersaFlo and other tools, we’re actually trying to get our margin, keep it at least the same, if not increase, even in sort of a macro pricing decline. So we’re running really fast to try to keep the margins where they are in spite of offshore some pricing softness. So that’s the name of the game we are pursuing.
Mike Kearney: And we are looking at some specific transactions right now. I mean, there is always deals in the market. There is three or four we have on our plate right now. I don’t want to give any anticipation of an imminent deal, but we need to move away from just a TRS company. In addition to add on, all those other tools that are related to TRS, we’ve got Blackhawk. Blackhawk buys some things out that are included in packages. Maybe we can either develop some of those products or make some targeted fill-in acquisitions. So I am excited about the opportunity to deploy capital and some of that will be internal for organic growth, but clearly, we are going to look outside as well.
Mike Kearney: We are starting to define different specific projects right now. I certainly wouldn’t make any promises for Q4, but I am hoping we can find some things that we can accomplish in the first quarter that will start to have some minor impact. And I don’t want to call Frank’s a turnaround story because the whole market’s been hit very hard. And I also don’t want to put a time line out there that frightens people. But when I think of a turnaround and Frank’s isn’t a turnaround, when I think of implementing things that can really take a company to peak performance, it’s roughly a 2-year time period. So I don’t want to scare everybody by saying, gee, it’s going to be 2020 or 2019 before we see improvements. They will be starting immediately, but there is a lot of things we can do. One of the things Kyle and I have talked about is do we need a really strong ERP system worldwide where we can really manage our assets very, very tightly. If we have too many assets in one region and not enough in another, the last thing we would want to do is spend capital to buy or build tools. So by having a world class ERP system, clearly that would help us. The question is what’s the cost benefit? So there is a lot of things out there where you don’t flip a switch on a new ERP system. That’s probably a couple of years of scoping out what you want, buying it, tuning it and implementing it. So, there will be some projects that are longer term and more structural and there will be other things that are much quicker. I know that didn’t give you a lot of clarity, but I feel a real sense of urgency and we have – I have been to this rodeo before and been involved in helping improve company performance. And overall, from kind of where you start to where you end up, can be 2-year horizon, but I would expect continuous improvement all along the way and the cost structure. And I am just so big on accountability, having the operating managers be in control of their own destiny and we are not there yet, but we can get there, absolutely no reason why we can’t get there. And I think those managers are going to want the accountability. They are going to want the resources. They are going to want the control. And then they will be held accountable. So that will make a huge difference. It’s just throughout the company. I wouldn’t call it a lot of low-hanging fruit, but a lot of projects where I just see real opportunity to fine tune the organization.
Mike Kearney: And you have the Tubular business, which is fairly lower margin, if we hit that, that’s going to push down the margin, but the gross profit dollars or the margin dollars could go up.
Mike Kearney: I would have to say both. We can’t predict exactly what we’re going see around the corner in terms of a possible way to grow the business from an acquisition standpoint. As I said, we are looking at a few interesting things. It’s just I don’t want tie ourselves up with promises that we’ll be 75-25 or 50-50, but we are looking at everything. We have some clear opportunities inside the company to invest capital and grow organically, whether it’s the VersaFlo or whether it’s drill pipe, torque reduction tools, whether it’s Blackhawk modifying some of its tools to meet customer requirements internationally. We have got a lot of really exciting things going on. I mean, kind of the way I think of it is, Frank’s has been sort of a proxy for the offshore rig count. And I don’t want us to just – our performance to float up and down with the offshore rig count. I want us to grow broadly and really be able to create organic and inorganic growth sort of despite what the rig count or the cycle is doing. So that’s kind of my ambition.
Mike Kearney: Okay. Well, thanks a lot everyone. As I mentioned, I am extremely excited about being at Frank’s. I see great opportunity as we fill in the product lines and roll Blackhawk out internationally and other things that fit into what we are doing. So I appreciate everyone’s interest. Stay tuned for news in the future as we have subsequent calls and thanks for listening. We appreciate it.
Kyle McClure: Yes. So, Ian, in that line item, SG&A, you have got multitudes of different departments. As you think about organizationally, we are kind of a mix of a matrix organization on one hand then we have got sort of a stand-alone business for Blackhawk. And so historically, this SG&A number, which was sort of newly published this year, did kind of push more costs up into cost of goods. It’s just a combination of odds and ends that really aren’t truly just sort of corporate. We have done the sort of the pro forma at the back of the envelope what is truly corporate. And I think we are pretty in line with what you – the peers you had mentioned. We have got a lot of work internally to do, as kind as Mike sort of mentioned in his accountability discussion to get those costs under the right ownership, so we can really drive the accountability there. We have done a lot of cost reductions over the last couple of years as everyone has done. There is – is there room for more? As Mike and I go through this here and sort of splitting out the P&Ls and getting more accountability, we’ll see. But right now, I think if you’re looking at just that number, it’s a little bit misleading.
Kyle McClure: You bet. You bet, Ian. So internationally, sort of a mixed bag going into Q4, we’ve had a couple of large customers just sort of reset pricing on us in various parts of the world that will likely push both revenues and margins down into Q4. And I would think, just sort of on a sequential basis, probably going to mid single-digit range, somewhere in there and then the margins will likely kind of come down in that like-for-like basis there.
Kyle McClure: I think it was a $2 million impact during the quarter. I don’t have the margin number off the top of my head, but I think it was roughly $2 million on that line.
Kyle McClure: Yes. And Scott can add that we are looking at some of the Blackhawk tools in terms of being able to size those and make them attractive for a land application.
Kyle McClure: Yes, so both top line, bottom line. I think we will see some increase sequentially going into Q4 on top line just depending on rig schedules when things sort of come online during the quarter. Bottom line, we will kind of see that a little bit flattish in the quarter as well for that particular market as pricing there is – lot of the existing contracts we have, have been re-priced. Pricing in that market is so competitive right now that margin there, albeit still at the field level, is still pretty decent, is extremely challenged right now. So we will likely start to see the top line pick up, the bottom line is going to be a little bit slower to go with it.
Kyle McClure: Oh gosh. Prior peak levels, we are probably down a third /3 from prior peak, if not a little bit more than that and it’s – B.J. probably has a little bit more insight to that, but I would just say it’s roughly around a third.
Kyle McClure: Yes. I think it’s more the second one there, Sean, as we think about. We want to be in a position long-term to obviously take advantage of anything in the market M&A-related. But where we sit right now, we have a $70 million a year burn on the dividend and we are breakeven on free cash flow this year, right. So, we look at it like, hey, we have still got a great balance sheet, let’s hang on to it. And to the extent opportunities come along, we will deploy it as we see fit, but it’s nothing more than hey, we have got a $70 million a year burn on dividend. We can’t afford that forever. And as we sort of wind our way out of the cycle here, we want to have the cash to support the growth that we’re going to be looking at. So as I always hear, it’s not the downturn that gets you, it’s the upswing that gets you because you don’t have the CapEx and the working capital to fund.
Kyle McClure: That’s what I would probably tell you, somewhere in that range there the sort of mid single to high single-digit range. 5% to 10% is probably a good bracket. You have Blackhawk looking to go up in the quarter, Tubulars as well as U.S. Services and International is the only one that we see some a little bit of headwinds there and the re-pricing need some work. I would tell you 5% to 10% is probably a good place to be.
Kyle McClure: Well, I wouldn’t get in – the EBITDA margin component for the company right now – I mean, it is a little bit more art than science, but honestly, I mean, it’s as simple as you get a $1 million is a lot of money right now and it moves the EBITDA margins insanely. So I would be remiss to kind of give you a EBITDA margin guidance for the quarter.
Kyle McClure: Yes, the mix of this business, if you think about it throughout this year, right as more Blackhawk comes online, as more U.S. Land comes online, is going to be a lower margin profile here in the near-term as deepwater continues to kind of be here near the bottom. So, giving you some EBITDA margin guidance for the quarter I would be a little bit remiss to, but I’d just say that the businesses that are growing the most in the quarter are probably the lower margin profile businesses.
Scott McCurdy: No worries. We have – somewhat similar to the Tubular’s business, we have some large product sales in our business that can cause some lumpiness depending on when they are awarded and when they are delivered. And so we had just kind of low quarter in the third quarter for deliveries. And we have already got some backlog to help us have visibility to that increasing in the fourth quarter. We also did have a number of rigs that went to completion, had some schedule changes on land and some contracts that rolled off while some others rolled on in international markets. So I think Kyle’s statement is correct. There is not a larger issue there. It’s just the combination of issues that kind of hit us in the quarter.
Scott McCurdy: I would say there is– I mean there is continued pricing pressures for sure, but I think that our margins will largely be determined by, obviously, revenue levels, but then the split of current rentals versus products, our business is a little more product-centric and so where we have been running in currently high teens, low 20s, I think that will continue and just be a little bit dependent on what the mix is for that quarter.
Scott McCurdy: I think that’s right. We have a pretty strong land business as well. And I think there are – well, the market is tough. And there are still opportunities if you can differentiate with quality and safety and better reliability on products. And that’s why I think new technology can still play a factor and help margins in that market.
Scott McCurdy: Yes. We are not seeing much difference from the bids today to the first half of the year of ‘17. We are seeing it’s pretty much stabilizing though. We are seeing some stabilization in the rates in the current offerings. But depending on what markets you are going into, obviously, depends on the complexity and the competitions’ willingness to either lower prices or sustain current price levels.
B.J. Latiolais: Yes, it’s a mixture of both, but the pricing is definitely coming back ever so slightly and that’s more of a mix of better technologies being accepted by the clients.
B.J. Latiolais: Right. So in some of your comments, the TRS section of your comments are correct. However, Frank’s is not just a TRS company. We have drilling tools. We have other technologies that allow us to be on the rigs 24/7. You will be seeing more of those technologies rolled out in the near future. So we are not only going to be in the TRS section of the land business, we are going to be on the drilling side, the completion side, so from what I would like to call, project 24/7, so more technologies will be rolled out from Frank’s engineering teams that will allow us to cover a much broader sector of the market than just TRS.
B.J. Latiolais: Yes. Well, our competitors have bundling capabilities but so do we. We also align ourselves very closely with a lot of the IPM providers. We also work with other major service providers to do bundling services to compete in these international markets. We also, as our competitors, have made significant share gains in underrepresented markets since 2017. Now we are consolidating those gains into making sure we targeted at these gains with the right technologies and be able to up-sell our technologies into the more complex wells and shelf and more complex land wells.
B.J. Latiolais: Yes. So I will speak – it’s not 6 new rigs. It’s 6 rigs we took from one of our competitors and gained market share. The way these wells work is as the well finishes, we go on and move on to the rig. We have just moved on to our first one with – and as the wells get completed, we will move on to more and more of the rigs through Q4 and in the beginning of Q1 of ‘18. We should be fully mobilized by March of ‘18. I’ll let Kyle comment on the margins.
B.J. Latiolais: That’s a lot of – I guess the easiest answer here is that by offering the quality service and to selecting the type of clients that we are working for mainly on the U.S. Land operations and being more specific as far as the complexity of the wells we are currently targeting, we are able to offer more of our complex technologies and more of our offerings that give a better return on our capital invested.
B.J. Latiolais: Yes. It’s not so much the rollover of the fleet as a lot of our legacy contracts are starting to roll off and we are seeing some of the newer contract pricing take effect. Obviously, we are adjusting with the markets as is everyone else with crew levels and what have you and that’s an ongoing exercise that we are currently offering technologies to either reduce crew levels or offer higher capacity – or capabilities of the crew, I should say.
