Gary Luquette: Thanks Jeff. To summarize, even amid a very challenging environment for all in the oilfield services sector, we have been through market cycles before and know a recovery is in the future. As a result, we are positioning the company to resume its sector leading financial performance when the recovery occurs. In the interim, we have at our disposal several levers that will enable us to make significant progress towards this objective. The first lever is market expansion. Opportunity still exists to grow our share in underrepresented markets. As previously mentioned, we currently represent 35% of the addressable U.S. onshore market and are well positioned to participate in what we believe will be the first market to recover. We have also made meaningful inroads in the Middle East through new contracts and we are well positioned to capture additional business in other international land and shelf markets. The second lever involves further reducing our cost of delivering our services and we plan to provide more details in the third quarter as these new plans are firmed up. With significant changes in the market landscape over the last 21 months, we must reevaluate our global footprint and the supporting structure with an aim to lower costs without compromising quality and reliability. Finally, the third lever involves augmenting revenues through diversifying our product and service offering and extending our time on the rig. Evaluating acquisition opportunities has been a regular topic of discussion over the past 12 months given our strong balance sheet. Obviously, in a market that continues to soften, picking the right time to make an acquisition is critical in obtaining the right value. Some of our actions taken this quarter will help us to preserve our balance sheet strength and will enable us to capture the opportunity when it presents itself. We have suggested in previous quarters that we will not waste this downturn and will focus on controlling the things that we can control. At Frank’s, taking the steps necessary to lower our cost, improve our efficiency and increase our market position in anticipation of the eventual market recovery will enable us to deliver superior returns to our investors for years to come. Before opening the line to questions, I want to advise you that this will be the last call that John Walker will be participating in with Frank’s. After nearly 30 years of distinguished service at Frank’s, John is leaving the company to pursue other interests. John will depart the company in August and we wish John much success in his future endeavors. Upon John’s departure, all of his areas of responsibility will report directly into me. With that, I would now like to open the call up for questions.
Gary Luquette: No, I wouldn’t say our confidence has shifted. I would say that bid/ask spreads continue to narrow and we are at a point now where we are in discussions with multiple parties and our confidence is increased in our ability to be able to do something that is value accretive to Frank’s. And I think this is just a prudent action to take. And I think the board agrees that keeping our powder dry in a market where you are seeing the bid/ask spreads start to converge and with our ability to be able to accomplish some of our longer term growth objectives, it’s just the right thing to do and not be short in a time where opportunities are going to be abundant and opportunities to move maybe upon us.
Gary Luquette: Well, I don’t think our priorities have changed any, so we continue to want to fund the dividend albeit at a lower level now, but at an appropriate level, we want to take care of any organic capital requirements we have internal and we want to have the capacity to move in the market in the M&A space. And I would say those three in rank have always been kind of our priorities and continue to be.
Gary Luquette: So in the land market, clearly we are seeing a change in the landscape just because more and more players are dropping out. And so the competitive base is shrinking. Although I would say the commercial behavior from our customers as well as our competitors seems to be rather consistent and we really don’t see any signs in the short-term that we are going to see rate recovery because what tenders are out there, fewer players are bidding against them, but at very aggressive rates in order to keep equipment and keep people busy. For the offshore, we haven’t seen a significant change in behaviors or the competitor base. As we mentioned in our remarks, it’s unfortunate that we had the lion’s share of the contraction just because of the rigs that rolled off were completed and the fact that we were on those rigs. So nothing that you could point to there that would say competitor behavior is shifting, competitor mix is shifting. It’s just in previous quarters we might have benefited from being slightly advantaged in contraction. This is a quarter where we have been more disadvantaged due to contraction.
Gary Luquette: No, I think it’s more cyclical. Obviously, project economics in the deep and ultra-deep were more challenged than the shelf or even some of the deepwater wells that are less complex require less complex completions and thus the follow-on to that is it requires less technology from a company like Frank’s, which is where we enjoy our advantage. So I think well complexity, by and large with some exceptions, is driven by project economics that’s tied directly to commodity prices. So as prices recover, eventually our customers will go towards the more complex, higher risk wells that represent bigger return. But in a time where capital is constrained, they are trying to minimize risk and targeting less complex, less expensive wells.
Gary Luquette: Jim, it’s a great question. And I will say that I am going to qualify my answer by saying I – Frank’s has for a number of years been locked in on where the seventh generation and ultimately, the eighth generation drillship is going. We have a very good relationship with our customers. There is good information exchange as to what well requirements of the future are going to be and that is one area where I would say we are all over it. However, what has changed quickly has been the dynamics and the requirements in the onshore market. And we have talked about this before, but one of Frank’s challenges, when you have a company that professes to have more technology than the competition and can ultimately offer a lower cost of ownership for the wellbore in the U.S. onshore because of the manufacturing process that’s happening in the leaning of the drilling process, time and money is everything. And so we are now investigating is there a way that we can reshape our footprint on a U.S. land rig and make it more compact, more streamlined and more cost effective in addition to having some superior aspects to it that might help with overall cost of ownership. So I know that’s a long winded answer to say, I think in the U.S. onshore in the next couple of years we are probably going to have to invest to retool to be a superior player in a market that’s become very commoditized, but I think for the shelf and the offshore markets, we are in great position.
Gary Luquette: Yes, that one is a tough one, because some of the capacity that you could consider idle has actually gone away, because some of the smaller regional players or local players have dropped out. But I have always looked at it as when you look at it the other way and say well, what is the opportunity to grow, you look at rig count, you look at well count and that’s a great proxy for tubular running services’ opportunity space. And I would say we have all tracked the U.S. onshore rig count and we are probably down 60% relative to the peak. Now, I would assume that not all of that upside is going to be idle capacity, but there is a significant amount that is out there that at some point is going to be a competitor. What we are hopeful in Frank’s and what we have planned in terms of the recovery is to keep as much of our asset base and as much of our capability busy and on the warm ready to run when the market improves. And we are pretty convinced that a lot of our competitors certainly the regional and local guys are not going to be in that shape and it will take a while for them to rehire and retrain and recertify before they can go to work.
Gary Luquette: Okay. Thank you for your time and your interest in Frank’s today and ongoing. We will conclude today’s call then and again thanks for your interest.
Jeff Bird: That’s correct. Obviously, for the first half, you would need to add back the Venezuela bad debt reserve and then it would be 60% decrementals off that with top line down 20% to 25%.
Jeff Bird: Yes. It probably is a little more detailed than we have right now. But as I mentioned, the significant drop-off we saw in our international segment means that some of the cost actions that we took in the international segment are clearly going to lag. So, we will start to see the benefit of some of those in Q3 and Q4. The more structural changes that I talked about and Gary talked about are likely to be executed sometime in Q4 with real benefit kicking in more Q1 next year.
Jeff Bird: Yes, yes, that’s $19 million for the second quarter and that was up Q-on-Q, up primarily because of compliance-related activity as well as we do have a couple of improvement initiatives that we are working on as well that we think will have long-term benefit for the company, but a little bit of cost now for us.
Jeff Bird: Sure. So if you go back and look at the peak at the end of 2014 to the second quarter now, you can really divide it into really kind of three buckets if you will, of revenue decline. One of those is purely activity related and about 50% of that overall revenue decline is just purely activity related. About 25% of that decline is well complexity related and the last 25% is price concession related. So the way to think about it is 50% just purely activity related with the other 50% being a combination of lower revenue per rig due to complexity and lower revenue per rig due to price concession.
Jeff Bird: Yes. That’s just the overall offshore. When you look at offshore, that’s the overall mix that you see.
Jeff Bird: Yes. That’s exactly right. So you look today and we are in 60 countries. So we are going through a country-by-country analysis of where do we need to be and how are we properly positioned in those countries. And in some cases, it might mean a smaller, leaner operation. In some cases, it might mean shared services. In some cases, it might mean we are not in a certain country because we just don’t see the future there. So we are going through that exercise now. As you can imagine, it’s not a one week or two week exercise, it’s a multi-month exercise, which is why as Gary commented, we will be talking about it on the third quarter call.
Jeff Bird: Those are additional steps that we have identified. Now, as I said those were done throughout the course of Q2 and some of those are literally being executed in early Q3 as well just because of notice periods. So, those are steps already identified. So, the structural changes that we talked about would be on top of that $100 million.
Jeff Bird: Yes, I don’t think it will go down quite that quickly. I think we will see that kind of go down as we – by the end of the year probably to more of a $15 million – $13 million to $15 million range, but it’s not going to go down to a $10 million until probably sometime next year we would be on that type of run-rate.
