Gary Luquette: Thank you, Jeff. Anyone that has followed this industry for any period of time knows that it's cyclical in nature. The supply and demand imbalance will eventually correct causing oil prices to recover and activity levels to rebound. What we don't know is when this will happen. There are already signs that production will be coming down. Onshore Shale wells have rapid decline rates, and nearly 50% drop in rig count will clearly impact production in the short-term. Offshore, you are seeing less in-field drilling and production projects push to the right, this will also impact production in future years. Once E&P companies feel the impact of this decline in production along with the associated impact to commodity prices, we will see an increase in drilling activity. We are taking the necessary steps, including lowering our cost base, critically examining and improving our business, and positioning ourselves through acquisitions to ramp up with prices and further strengthen our position as the market leader in tubular running services sector. Clearly, the strength of our balance sheet keeps all options open for us and enables us to move quickly for the right opportunity. We have only begun the process of improving our underlying performance, and we look forward to highlighting our progress with you in subsequent quarters. Thank you for your time. And we will now turn the call over to your questions.
Gary Luquette: Jim, I'd say that we've - obviously there is a greater sense of urgency in moving faster because of the commodity price environment we find ourselves in, and it would be my hope and certainly our plan to try to get 80% of the value embedded in the actions that we take at the end of the year, not all of that will be reflected, obviously in our results, but by the end of the year I would say the first wave which represents that 80% opportunity we ought to have defined, have processes mapped and implemented and then hopefully we'll see the benefits of that carry into 2016.
Gary Luquette: Good morning, Ian. So, to answer your question in regard to the call out in the Gulf of Mexico, again, that further demonstrates our nimble ability to react to unforcasted opportunities. It's not unique in nature this has occurred in international in the same quarter. I just highlighted one in the Gulf of Mexico I thought would be interesting for all the folks on the line. We demonstrated a similar activity in Norway where an unforcasted event occurred, our ability to get the right assets to the customer in very effective time enhances that reputation that we have. Now in respect to the market as it goes further deeper, more complex in nature, we continue to see that side of the business being more prolific in nature, and since the Gulf of Mexico activity, we've had another request for a very similar landing string application which we feel comfortable that we're going to secure that business. In regard to market share, I don't specifically want to get into that but I would just say that we certainly have the majority of the market share in that technology.
Gary Luquette: Obviously, whether the opportunity set carries over from 2015 to 2016 and beyond, Ian, it's going to be dependent on what prices do, what commodity prices do. I would say right now, even though we are open – as I mentioned in my opening remarks, to offshore land, international U.S., and we have the benefit of a nice war chest behind us, and the capability to tap into debt if needed in order to transact, one of the things about offshore that we have to keep in mind is we do have a very, very significant percentage of that market, especially as you get into the complex wells in the deeper markets. And I'm just not sure how much more penetration we can have there in selected markets where we already are enjoying a pretty significant amount of business before our customers are going to push back and artificially try to change those dynamics to keep competition up. So we're going to continue to look and this is a good part of our business, it's the most resilient part of our business but because of market share, I think our opportunities there might be somewhat constrained. U.S. land is where we think the value is going to be, the opportunities to acquire pretty good asset values but we're going to keep our mind open and keep our hoper full with all types of opportunities.
Gary Luquette: It's hard to quantify because there are so many moving parts, Blake. There is new work that comes up; there are spot work that comes up. John Walker referred to a couple of examples where our competitors failed to perform and we were brought in to help on complex jobs or technically challenging jobs. So it's very hard to quantify the impact. What we're seeing is on – and I tried to characterize this in some of our opening comments, we are seeing projects slide to the right. These are project typically that are pre-FID. And so the investment decisions haven't been made, lease terms are favorable to allow some deferral without a loss of the lease or penalties associated with the lease terms. We are seeing no slide to the right but at the same time you have varying activity on projects that have reached FID and now are in appraisal, evaluation or in development where there is even in some cases, some acceleration because costs have come down in the drilling sector, which is allowing – and availability of rigs and equipment has improved to the point where it's allowed, some of these megaprojects that are multi-year in schedule to accelerate some. So it's really hard to put your finger on it. Net-net for us, what we are representing, it's been very resilient for us, we haven't seen a lot of growth but we haven't seen any slide off either in activity because of this ins and outs kind of canceling out.
Gary Luquette: Yes, I think sequentially you will see us down first quarter to second quarter, primarily for a couple of reasons. One, we see the full impact of pricing declines taking hold in the second quarter, those happened throughout the first quarter but will largely take hold in the second quarter. You're right with point out activity levels will continue to decline some. And then additionally, the cost actions that we took while they will benefit us fully in the third and fourth quarter, they will only partially benefit the second quarter. So those actions are being taken right now, we'll get about a half quarter benefit from those in the second quarter and a full benefit in the third and fourth quarter.
Gary Luquette: Thank you, Daniel. I'll give you cut at the first part of that question. I think the second part is in terms of how many new bills come in, and how many go to work, and how many replace existing units. We just don't have that insight presently and I think the comment that we have made in the press release is something that we believe here internally is that the activity level – our percentage of the activity level is going to remain relatively constant through the course of the year, that's not a representation of the overall aggregate market but we believe the ins and outs and the call outwork that we had unplanned that replaces some work that maybe goes away because the economics – all of that in our view is going to hopefully cancel each other out and we'll see a relatively stable, that is our view for Frank's share of the market and what the aggregate market does, I don't know how much more fundability there is in the Deepwater market. I think a lot of the projects that could slide to the right, the operators have taken that action, and I think what we're – what I am anticipating is they are going to start running up against lease terms and obligations to the national oil companies, and so you will either drill or drop in these leases. So I am hopeful that in a more macro sense, we're seeing a leveling out now because I think things that could be deferred have been deferred but in our press release, we're talking about our share of that market is being fairly resilient to-date and our view is that we'll be able to hold pretty good there.
Gary Luquette: Well, I mentioned in my opening comments that we're trying to keep our hopper wide open and we're looking across the board, not just U.S. but international opportunities, land, offshore opportunities, so the playing field is wide open. When you look at asset values relatively to their peaks, obviously U.S. land has given up the most and that would be an obvious statement, and so that seems to be the most fertile ground in terms of current asset values but we're going to keep our eyes open, keep the hopper wide open and continue to look. We believe that a highly fragmented U.S. land market with dropping asset values clearly represents a primary target for us, but I don't want to have any of you draw any conclusions that that's the only game in town, we're going to continue to look, and not just that, the business that we're in today but also diversification opportunities.
