Frank Bisignano: Thanks, Bob. I’d like to acknowledge our corporate social responsibility programming because it continues to support better outcomes for our clients, shareholders and associates. You’ll find many examples in our annual CSR report published in May. Highlights this quarter include growth in our employee resource groups and internal mobility; additional grants for small business under our back-to-business program; and awards and recognition as a top employer for veterans and National Guard members. We’re also in the process of submitting data to the Carbon Disclosure Project, or CDP, for the third straight year. Finally, I’d like to leave you with some important perspective from our annual client conference, Forum, which we hosted in June. For the first time since the pandemic, we were able to meet with thousands of clients and prospects in person. Together, they represented over 50% of our revenue from financial institution clients. We hosted education sessions on real-time payments, embedded finance and cloud modernization, and an experience center that showcased key products like CardHub, Digital Banking, Finxact and the new Clover Kitchen Display System. As gratifying as this was, the more meaningful takeaways for me can be summed up in three themes I heard from clients again and again. One, they love our products and they’re ready to spend. Our core banking systems, especially Premier for community banks and DNA, our most modern cloud-enabled core, are coveted by bank and credit union CIOs. Our smaller clients remain largely untouched by the March banking turmoil. And our larger clients have one eye on the regulatory environment and the other on how we can help them accelerate their growth. Two, they are rooting for our innovations. Small and midsized financial institutions see Fiserv as their champion for the latest technology solutions. They’re relying on us for their digital and mobile banking, top-tier features in card services, and data and analytics. Three, they have noted our improved service. We’ve already made strong progress in client service with our relationship management model over the past year. Most recently, as an example of our operational excellence initiative this year, we launched a commitment tracker where clients can view the deliverables we promised and track their progress. It’s the first-of-its-kind in the industry for transparency and accountability, and financial institutions now have one more reason to choose Fiserv. So to conclude, as we approach the anniversary of our merger exactly four years ago this week, we are gratified that our vision and execution have proven out with results that exceeded expectations. From here, the combination of our investment, innovation and talented workforce mean the next four years tend to be even better. And now, operator, please open the line for questions.
Frank Bisignano: Yes. Thanks, Dave. I mean as you’ve heard us talk over time, we continue to have tons of opportunity, both in the ISV and our day-to-day operating business itself, we expect it to have an acceleration. You’ll see us bringing more software into the product set, vertical solutions. We believe we have a long, long opportunity set in front of us. Remember, we haven’t gone to the back book at all. That’s an opportunity. It’s not anywhere in our guide, that back book opportunity. You should expect us also to continue to add services, and that’s really driving that penetration. So in our vision and in our visibility, we see a continuing acceleration of Clover growth and then we also have international.
Frank Bisignano: Well, I’ve been super guarded on this item. As I like to say, we’re in early innings. We can only get volume without enablement. So step 1 is enablement. Step 2 is also, as you heard us talking about, merchants wanting it. And you heard us talked to a few today of large players there. I think as we come closer and we talk at Investor Day, you’ll get better visibility to this. It’s not even early innings, it’s the first at bat, really. But we have demand, we have issuer compliance with us on it and we have opportunity in front of us. And fundamentally, I’d like to say, none of this is in today’s set of numbers or the guide that we’re talking to you about.
Frank Bisignano: Let me talk about Forum because it was our really first post-merger physical Forum. We had done virtual ones, but demand gen at a virtual conference is not very high. The ability for our leadership team to touch thousands of clients, and we made a point of that, lots of listening sessions, lots of meetings. And that’s why I go through those three bullets that their desire to engage and spend is very high. Their desire to have us be part of their embedded strategy to help them grow their bank is very high. We watch the response to the commitment tracker. The fact that we want to lead the industry and meeting our commitments, you could hear somebody who is at the conference like Banc of California yesterday talk on their merger call about the strategic partnership they have with us. Their CIO was there. I heard from their CEO yesterday and their CIO. So we’re part of our clients’ growth strategy. We love driving it. It’s not a core-only play, it’s everything we bring around it. When you look at the acquisitions we’ve done, the receptivity to CardHub through Ondot, then I think you’d find the core competency in this company no longer for tuck-ins, but for acquisitions that we could do at a size and then turn it into a completely different capability. So demand is high, super high. Finxact, the amount of time Finxact got attention at Forum was off the charts. And it is the industry leader in current instances in the space it plays. I think relative to the consumer, they have a lot weighing on them now. They have the student debt issue. They have rising interest rates, and you’ve seen a moderation in volume. You’ve heard it and I think you’ll hear it across the industry, our business – July is similar to what we saw in the quarter. But our business mix has allowed us to deliver so many other services, leading with Clover, following with the other value-added services that allows us to be able to be in a position we are and we think we’re fortunate and blessed.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, there’s probably – I’ll just add one other item, maybe two. One is our clients’ willingness to want to engage and talk to us about their innovation needs. It can only – I’ve said for a long time, innovation happens in the client’s office, not in our Sunnyvale office. And two, needless to say, when you’re in that environment, your pipeline build opportunity in the current and the future is very, very strong, and the amount of follow-up meetings are ever off the charts.
Frank Bisignano: Yes. And I mean just a very simple way of thinking here, we like to add merchants and we like to add them with multiple products and continue to sell products into our back book also.
Frank Bisignano: Well, I’d go back to our Brazil business, which really is the largest business in Latin America and the rest of the region keys off of, in many ways, was created from scratch organically. And we built that business organically and then done some strategic things. I mean you hear us talking about Software Express, that was a very, very small acquisition that we believe could transcend our business throughout Latin America. We added tremendous banking franchises. I mean you look at what we talked about on Caixa here, right, we talked about the first leg of that, which was a very large deal that put us in fundamentally every city in Brazil with the leading bank in terms of size and scale. And then we came back – because of such a good job that we did, right, they came back and we went to work on what fundamentally are, call it, their lottery agencies. And BillPay is taking it and came up with a strategy that would take us to 11% of the payments. So we have great organic capability in Latin America. We brought Clover to Argentina. And we spent a lot of time, and the Argentinian platform changed and allowed it to be a dual acquirer as opposed to a single acquirer. And so those are all strategic things that happened there. So I guess what I’m really saying at the core is when we came into Brazil, we were actually the only U.S. player because everybody had retreated. And we had a deep belief with good leadership on the ground would in fact – remember, we don’t run an international business. We run three regional businesses, and then we dropped down to a model where country hedge drives the P&L there, but we run global business solutions. So I think our model is strong. I think that the action in these countries has always been going on, Darrin [sic] [Tien-Tsin]. And I think we like our hand, and we believe that these are strategic and will be opportunities for more, Tien-Tsin. So thank you.
Frank Bisignano: Hey, thanks, Lisa. Thank you very much. I think, first of all, think of Carat as a go-to-market product for both our current book coming over, but that has not been where we’ve focused the growth effort. Sitting under it is an orchestration layer, which is created as Commerce Hub. And those first migrations will begin probably in the fourth quarter through the rest of time. And those will be new client migrations, right? This is a customized solution for the client that gives them total flexibility. I mean, look, we think it’s a double-digit – clear double-digit growth engine for us. We think it will scale over time. You should think about it, as we talked about over time, what type of e-com business we have total, obviously, enterprise piece is smaller than our total piece that we’ve talked about to you all. And I think you should think about it as a business that will continue to be powerful, call it several hundred millions of dollars growing double digits. And so hopefully, that frames the size of the opportunity. We have a large pipeline on it. We’re in execution mode. And we think, much like we believe Clover has become an industry leader, we believe Carat will be the industry leader.
Frank Bisignano: Well, I mean we’ve been looking at our history, whether it’s BentoBox, whether it’s Finxact, whether it’s Ondot, right, Software Express, right? That’s why I made my comment, they’re no longer tuck-ins, they’re more horizontal leverage. We have lots of minority investments that we hang out with, we get to know. I think that’s why our success rate. So if you went to the people at Ondot, they’re so delighted on how they integrated into a mobile banking platform that would have never been where they were headed. They were card control only. If you want to get BentoBox, their ability to come across in total. So we stay close to a lot of start-ups. We make minority investments in start-ups. We get to know them and then we get a really good shot at turning them into way more value. We have a fabulous track record of keeping founders. I’m darn proud of that. They become part of the fabric of the company. So yes, I think you should expect us to do more of those, less talk goes on here.
Frank Bisignano: What’s the size of that prize? Well, start at a, when we did our March Investor Day on the Merchant business, there was no Clover back book consideration into that. There was consideration from going into the back book and selling more value-added services. But you should expect us, at some point, to strategically lean in, but that’s an opportunity in front of us. I think we see the ability to actually go into our current Clover client base and bring more software services. And we think, obviously, that continues driving the spread between volume and revenue growth in Clover. But I’ve been on the Clover journey 10 years back to – maybe it’s really heading to 11-plus years, but really counted right, sorry about that, and that started with a few engineers and a few patents. I still believe we’re in the super early innings in the amount of real estate we have that we can utilize with Clover and the amount of real estate we have inside our client base that can allow us to bring Clover. But go back to it’s fundamentally not in our guide that we gave in last year, and you should expect us to give you a super-duper deep dive on this at Investor Day.
Frank Bisignano: Yes. Let me make a point on that. You will always look at us looking at our strategic position. We believe we’re an industry leader. We have to be a top three player. We want to be prudent about capital allocation and where we deploy our internal capital. And for us and our clients, we were not the industry leader. We did a good job for them. It is not a future growth engine of the company. And so that’s fundamentally how that decision gets made, right? And you will continue to see us do this. You saw us do that with Korea. So I want you to have that framework.
Frank Bisignano: Well, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your attention today. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team with any questions. Look forward to talking to you in the future, and have a great day.
Robert Hau: Darrin, just to add on Forum, as a guy who went to three or four of them pre-merger, so the last time we had in-person, the tone of the conversation and the depth of the conversations was quite different this time. Deep innovation, partnership conversations, a change in customer service that is being experienced by our clients and echo the – Frank talked about the commitment tracker, our willingness to be very transparent on what we’re doing and why we’re doing it and the openness of our solution, enabling much wider breadth of capability, not only stuff that we bring, and that’s increased over time with our Payments and Fintech segment, both serving financial institutions, but having those open APIs and the Developer Studio that we announced a couple of quarters ago, giving our clients [Multiple Speakers] this.
Robert Hau: Look, obviously, we believe the opportunity to continue to add value-added services and deepen that penetration. In our Merchant investor call, geez, a little more than a year ago now, we talked about Clover mass penetration reaching 25% by 2025. We’re off to a good start. We continue to focus on it. We continue to develop new capabilities there, and so we see that as an ongoing growth engine. And in terms of pricing, it’s about value-add pricing. It’s delivering the value to the client and then getting paid for that. So value-add pricing is sustainable. There’s certainly an element of a benefit of inflation in a different environment today. But we’re, quite frankly, we’re much more focused on creating that value for our clients and then being paid for it.
Robert Hau: Yes, Tien-Tsin, you hit it right on the head. Obviously, we’ve raised the revenue guidance, and so that will bring additional working capital. And of course, as we continue to see opportunities to grow the top line with now nine quarters of consecutive double-digit growth, there’s investment opportunity out there. So we continue to feel quite good at delivering the approximately $3.8 billion and see the benefit of that as working capital comes in and gets collected.
Robert Hau: Yes, Jason, from an overall standpoint outlook for the balance – or for the full year, we previously guided 10% to 13% for 2023 on an organic basis. Now given the strength that we’ve seen in the first half and an improved outlook for the second half of the year and people still talking about recession, but more people are talking about a recession in 2024, the term soft landing is starting to come into lexicon periodically. I’m not sure we’re quite there yet, but we’ll see what the Fed does today. But things have certainly modestly improved in terms of the expectation for the second half of the year. So we now think the full year will be in the, call it, the 14% to 17% organic growth rate for our Merchant business. Continue to see good performance across the gamut with Clover continuing to perform quite well in terms of continuing the value-added service capability and the penetration of BaaS into the Clover portfolio and some of the things you’ve heard us talk about, both in the prepared remarks and earlier in the Q&A around the Carat and international growth providing a nice lift there.
Robert Hau: Yes. And obviously, there’s lots of puts and takes, and then we continue to try to drive folks into focusing on revenue. There’s more and more revenue that is not tied directly to volume, and we’ve now been showing that quarter in and quarter out. So I think I’ll stick to the 14% to 17% full year outlook, and I feel pretty good about that.
Robert Hau: Yes, definitely. And so we do have good visibility into this space. And to your point, there’s lumpy quarters, as you may recall, and this will play in this – the third quarter and the fourth quarter. On a comparison this year, we had a what was felt by many as a difficult third quarter last year. And during the third quarter earnings call, we reiterated our full year outlook at 4% to 6% then. Fully expected the fourth quarter to rebound given the timing of both periodic revenue and some "one-time type" nonrecurring revenue that we see, what we refer to as in-year activity, particularly when clients are implementing. And we obviously have good visibility into the backlog of our implementation cycle. So we feel good about being able to deliver that 4% to 6%. We recovered and delivered last year quite well. That will drive different comparisons. First half was actually a more difficult comparison than second half last year. And then within the second half, third quarter will be an easier compare than fourth quarter, and so you’ll see some continued lumpiness there. But we feel good about the overall visibility and our ability to deliver that range.
Robert Hau: Yes, we’ve definitely had a good fall-through on that incremental. We saw similar levels fourth quarter of last year and definitely had continuing good fall-through over the last several years as we continue to expand margin pretty meaningfully. And it’s the benefit of overall volume and a scaled business, a very scaled business. And it’s the benefit of productivity, and we continue to drive productivity. Back in ‘19 and ‘20, we used the term synergy, which really is a synonym to productivity in many cases, particularly inside the Merchant business that didn’t have a lot of direct cost synergy as we merged. We drove real productivity, and we continue to do that. So we feel good about margin expansion overall, delivering 150 basis points margin expansion or better this year, up from the 125, and we think there’s continued opportunity here going forward.
Robert Hau: Yes, absolutely. Again, we have a long path of continued penetration of value-added services that very much adds to that "spread" between revenue and volume at 16% this quarter, headed to 25% in 2025. And as we continue to provide value to our business customers and allow them to focus on running their business versus handling the payments and all of the ancillary services that are available on our Clover software operating system, that value translates into pricing opportunity and margin for us.
Robert Hau: And Ashwin, in terms of size, this is a very small business. Order of magnitude, it’s less than 0.2% of last year’s revenue.
