Kyle McClure: Yes. This is Kyle. It's not competitively driven whatsoever. In our SEC filings, we will have consolidated geographic breakouts, but not down to the segment level as we had previously. Understand, there might be some lack of visibility there. We'll continue to give color commentary on those particular markets as needed, but it's nothing more than this is just -- from a reporting standpoint how we're going to do going forward. There's no competitive lean on this whatsoever.
Kyle McClure: Yes. I mean, I think we talked about this little bit in our guidance the past few quarters. International markets are a little bit of a mixed bag. I do think we're seeing some, we'll talk about Blackhawk here separately, but we'll first split this apart between the TRS piece and how Blackhawk is coming along. Obviously, the international piece is a significant chunk of the TRS component. If you go back in time, with internationals, of course, you have a size of that particular business for us. But I think, if you look around the regions, you look at places like Africa, the Caribbean and very select markets there, you're seeing some pretty substantial growth rates coming up year-on-year. You have some other markets such as Europe that are coming up nicely due to some work that's been won over the back half of last year. Gulf of Mexico, I think, we kind of look at as a little bit of a mixed bag as well. Our TRS business, probably look at as being slightly up to flat and then Blackhawk as a little bit of a up and down throughout the year based upon product sales and various rigs in and out. So I don't think we can take a look at the international pie and say, it's all going one direction. I think you're seeing some pockets of some nice growth as rigs have come into particular markets. And the market share gain, we talked about at the end of last year, we're going to get a full year's worth of here in 2019 and that's why you'll see as the TRS segment goes on throughout the year, we'll likely see those international pickups in market share play through. On the international side for Blackhawk, we're expecting that to not double this year but be up pretty substantially and it's becoming much larger piece of their business as well as they penetrate and go along to new markets they haven't been to before. And we've spent a piece and chunk of CapEx here the last 2 or 3 quarters on getting cement heads built, certified into international markets they haven't previously been into. But I think the international markets in general are a good story. They're probably going to be growing a little bit faster than the overall markets within our businesses.
Kyle McClure: Well, we will. I mean, I'll let Scott talk a little bit about this, but our TRS business is probably going to pop along with the market more or less. We might pick up some pricing here or there, maybe better exposed in certain basins. On the Blackhawk side of the house or Cementing as we're now calling it, they've got a pretty robust growth projections for the U.S. Land as they're getting into new markets that they really haven't been in historically, and they've got some pretty exciting new products that are coming out. I'll let Scott maybe talk about that.
