Frank Bisignano: Thanks, Bob. Last week we published our fourth corporate social responsibility report. In it, we highlight the ways we execute on our four strategic pillars: empower people, advance communities and society; champion responsible business practices; and invest in sustainable systems. In summary, we believe that doing good is good for business. We are committed to diverse representation at all levels of the organization, including leadership positions. We continue to engage with communities where we live and work, including small businesses and minority depository institutions. We recognize the importance of strong governance as part of our overall strategy, and we continue to invest in sustainability. For the first time, our CSR report includes a greenhouse gas reduction goal. Later this year, we will be celebrating two important milestones for Fiserv. Our 40th year in business and our 5th year since merging with First Data. On these occasions, you naturally reflect on what it means to come of a certain age. For Fiserv 40-years old means proven, resilient, and experienced to deliver on our commitments, and we've done just that. It also means scaled, savvy and well capitalized to sustain strong top and bottom line growth. We are doing that as well. But when you consider the significant change created by the merger, we're also a lot like a young five-year-old company. Five means a fresh foundation to support investment. We have used our cash to invest in products, services, and people and that's driving higher growth. Five also means a longer term opportunity ahead, fueled by innovation, and therefore we see continued strong further top and bottom line growth at Pfizer. The proven strength of 40 combined with the opportunistic growth of five puts Pfizer in a distinguished position to both lead and drive innovation. And that's exactly what we're doing. All of this is possible because of our over 40,000 employees. I would like to thank them for what they do for our clients, shareholders, and each other. Thank you for your time today. And now, operator, please open the line for questions.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, hey, thanks David. You know, we've been focused on all of those for quite some time, and we treat unveiling new product, new initiatives, new market, while continuing to, you know, draw on the embedded business we have generating new merchants, right? So, you know, our basic philosophy is increase the number of merchants we have, be able to deliver more products to merchants, and then go into the areas that we haven't been before. So we feel very, very good about what we laid out a couple of years ago and what we talked about in November. You can see the traction here, which is kind of above what the CAGR needed to be, but you should expect us to be all cylinders on Clover, as we have a bunch of other parts about company also, I would have to say. Thank you.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, and I’d just add, you know, when we think about running this company, our investment in technology is really around new product development, improved service, and the ability to deliver the next dollar of revenue at a better incremental cost by investing in productivity. So that will be for the rest of our lives. An AI and those type of items just allow us to do more of it. We're at the tip of that, but you know we can see our way very clearly this year. Q - Tien-Tsin Huang Nice color. Thank you.
Frank Bisignano: And just to be clear on clarity, a small tracking, a small growth, I want it. And I put it in the non-discretionary buckets. If you're thinking about where it occurred. Obviously, that's, you know, an early indicator. It's not necessarily, you know, how the whole quarter is going to play, but we always feel committed to be able to talk to you about what we see, you know, the vast amount of volume we have going throughout the -- both in the U.S. and around the world, and I consider it a small increase.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, the way -- great question. The way we think about, Pay Easy, it was a processing system that were retired and then built out both commerce hub and brought some of that volume, which already existed through Clover to the future new merchants. That was completed, migrated, multi-year project that we built out in a way that allowed us to build out Commerce Hub, that allowed us to deliver VAS into Commerce Hub and also have Pay Easy operating within our SMB base. So I feel great about closing the books on that from a conversion standpoint. And we're seeing on the enterprise side, you heard us talk about 200 Commerce Hub users and a strategic platform for us going forward.
Frank Bisignano: Well, you know, I don't know about urgency on sellers' parts as much as valuation and understanding what real valuations are. Now, we have a really great model, which we talked about our ability to generate cash flow, investing in our business, and the ability to deploy capital. I think we've done a very, very good job in the assets we've acquired, integrated, and grown. And so I'd say our appetite to acquire properties is always high. I mean, we're always trafficking. I think on the other hand, you know, we want to be very, very, very clear that it fits within our strategy, which I think is holding tight. It's within our structure and the ability to distribute the product to our vast client base both on the merchant side and on the FI side. You know, so, you know, I like to believe that we're always engaged and working and thinking through it. And we're highly selective to make sure we're using our shareholders' dollars as appropriately as possible. And I think we've got a pretty darn good track record in that so far.
Frank Bisignano: Well, I think it’s a -- we have not articulated goals around them, but they're clearly embedded in our guide and the things we think about our growth rates, right? I think what we think about, even at a more broader standpoint, is what those are, right? And you could go across the board from our fraud integration products like advanced defense to how even we bring in cash flow central. You heard us talk about that and that really hangs both in the SMB space through our own distribution and then, you know, obviously attached to a banking product. I think, you know, over time we probably should come back with a better clarity around some of it. Having said that, we've been selling value-added services to our clients, we've sold a gift product into our enterprise for a long time. We've sold different forms of data and information to them. So I think really the way we look at it at the large macro level in the enterprise is really that you can go back to the circle that we used to have about, we're going to sell a core, but really all the revenue comes when growth comes from debit, credit, right? Digital, and in their own right, those are value-added services hanging off the core. The same is true in our enterprise business and merchant. So I think in reality, when you look at how we report, we are reporting, you know, our economics and some of those actually value-added services and business lines also. So, you know, I'll go think about it a little more, but I think, you know, it's encompassed in the economics and how we show our business lines.
Frank Bisignano: Good. So why don't I start with how are we going to government, how are we going to market in government? We've been focused on government as a very large vertical calling and that is everywhere from state and local to federal. And so we have a team and their sole job is government, right? And the traffic in the transactions, you've even been hurt. And you know, our thought was always, it transcends the org. That's why we have dedicated client sales force to it because, you know, at times we have opportunities to bid on merchant acquiring. At times you heard us talk about delivering FinXact. You know, the government is we called out the $0.5 because it demonstrated where we started, which was very, very small to the growth, but it transcends both segments. And on any given day, almost any one of our products can play in the government space, right? You know, so I don't know if that answers your question, but I think about it as dedicated coverage model, right? Transcending the businesses, and it can be anywhere from our core Finxact, which we just delivered to money network to merchant acquiring and we really love this segment, vertical, however you want to think about it. And we have a great, great team that knows how to cover government, and we've been very fortunate in that win.
Frank Bisignano: Well, I try to be as clear as possible on this, Clover covers the whole SMB market and expands a little further, because you've heard about the 1,000s of Clovers we delivered in the quarter to venues, right? You know, it's a 30% grower today. We have talked very hard and have worked to do to finish the swing on restaurant, but feel very, very clear about our ability there. You know, you'll see us go deeper in professional services and in retail. Remember, it's a horizontal platform that we brought vertical expertise to. And then, you know, we have great demand outside the U.S., as you heard us talk about, along with the ability to continue to distribute through our channels like more in our ISV channel. So I think it spans the landscape of SMB. Obviously, our growth, which is through new business acquisition, has demonstrated at the 30% mark. And, you know, it's an open platform that we continue to add more software to. And so when you put that all together and where we started with, I like to remind us inside the house and outside the house that we were seven engineers and three patents and now you know we have more than a 1,000 software engineers across the world operating on it [Technical Difficulty] so we're going to complete rolling and so commensal across the world.
Frank Bisignano: Good. And I'd like to thank everyone for their attention today. Please reach out to our IR team with any further questions, and have a great day. Thank you.
Bob Hau: Yes, Tien-Tsin, it’s Bob, good morning. I think overall the 25 basis points that you're describing our full-year outlook, moving from previously at least 100 basis points, margin expansion to now more than 125 is really driven by continued volume leverage, strong growth in the overall company, as well as continued progress on productivity. The termination fee in the processing is relatively small in the grand scheme. Obviously, it matters a bit in the processing line for this quarter, but in terms of the overall company's margin improvement, it really is continued volume leverage and a focus on productivity.
Bob Hau: Yes, David, good morning. On the Reg II, I'd say that there's still probably more opportunity ahead than what we've seen. It remains to truly be seeing what that means. We're seeing good uptick in our network business, whether that's really driven by Reg II or just continued progress in our debit business, I think it's just more continued progress. In terms of a slowdown, I wouldn't read anything into it other than quarterly fluctuations and a tough comp against Q1 prior year.
Bob Hau: Non-Argentina, non-Clover. I'll have to pull up my Venn diagrams here. You know, obviously tongue in cheek there. Bottom line is we're seeing good growth, obviously, across the entire SMB business. That small business certainly has good growth from Clover, and you saw the 30% growth in Clover. We continue to see real opportunity there. On the non-Clover side, there's certainly impact from Argentina. There's a small piece of Clover Argentina there, but the 30% growth is really heavily driven by the United States growth there. On the overall segments, you heard us talk in the prepared remarks about the Argentine impact from organic growth. We continue to see that easing later into the year. It was a bit lower than what we expected in the first quarter, i.e., inflation and interest eased a little bit faster than we anticipated. In previous, in the last earnings call, we indicated we expect about a 14% impact from Argentina for the full-year in the merchant business. Q1 came in a little bit above that. We expect that to ease into later part of the year. That certainly impacts the non-Clover business. But overall, non-Clover is growing quite well. And we continue to see opportunity. It's not just about adding Clover in small businesses. It's supporting them wherever they want to take merchant acquiring solutions. The other thing I would add, and it's an impact to the first quarter that we expect to ease into the balance of the year, is in Q1, we saw the benefit of a better-than-expected lift on the use of foreign-based currency credit cards in Argentina. This is some people may have heard the term dollar turista. The Argentine government has a program sponsored by the Central Bank to encourage foreign currency denominated credit cards. And we saw that pick up in the first quarter. That is a program that the Argentine government has at their discretion to help the economy. Obviously, they're seeing the economy improve. So I would certainly not anticipate a 45% small business organic growth into the future. And we're seeing some of that kind of transitory impact this quarter.
Bob Hau: So, a number of elements to that question. First, in order to achieve the $4.5 billion goal that we set out ahead by 2026, we need kind of a very high 20% call it 28% total Clover revenue growth. As part of that goal, we've indicated we expect VAS to achieve 27% penetration from the current quarter Q1 at 20%. So certainly a big part of it is additional VAS. And we've talked about this in the past, the secret recipe to growing Clover to $4.5 billion is actually not so secret. It's get new merchants, sell more stuff to those merchants, and grow with those merchants, and that's exactly what we see. To your point, in the current quarter, there was a big part of the overall revenue left. Certainly, the delta between revenue and volume was driven by VAS. We kind of gave the sequence in order of importance, and I think that will continue as we progress over the next couple of years as we march towards that $4.5 billion, VAS will be a big part of it. This is always priced depending on what's going on with inflation, what's going on in the market, but that's probably the third of the three important factors.
Bob Hau: Yes, so the first part of your question is, in our prepared remarks, we gave a small business volume growth at 8% and enterprise transactions growth at 12%. Given the way we're reporting now for that Merchant Solution Segment and the three business lines. We felt that the volume for small business is the driver of revenue, and for transactions, it's enterprise. Transaction activity in small business is not a revenue driver and volume for enterprise is not a revenue driver. So we thought providing the key metrics that really are driving the business was important.
Bob Hau: Ramsey, I think I'll carry your analogy one step further in terms of the question on appetite. If appetite's good, it's strong appetite, but we're not hungry. So, you know, you go to the shopping mall or to the grocery store, when you're hungry you buy a lot of stuff. You get home and you realize you didn't need all that stuff. We're certainly seeing a lot of activity, but we're not hungry. And while we have tremendous capacity on our balance sheet and could do deals, we're making sure that what we see is of good value and brings value to our shareholders before we go ahead and strike on it.
