Frank Bisignano: Thanks Bob. There is another value creation opportunity within post-merger Fiserv, and that’s data. The proposition for us in extracting intelligence from the massive amounts of data that we generate daily is significant and can be an important growth driver beyond the medium term. Three years ago, long before AI was the hot topic it is today, we assembled a team of internal and external experts in the fields of data science and AI. We gave them a mandate to harness all of the data naturally captured through Fiserv transactions and account processing activity to drive actionable intelligence for us, the marketplace, and our merchant and financial institution clients. There are three advantages that Fiserv has in its data. Ours is available in real time, it’s granular to the transaction level, and it’s multi-faceted in that it spans merchant, issuing and banking activity. This makes our data quite powerful to apply in anti-fraud solutions which we are doing internally, with plans for a client-facing solution this fall. Our first great application to the market is the Fiserv Small Business Index, a real time assessment of consumer spending at millions of small businesses published monthly. It maximizes the features of Fiserv data with its timely release two days after month end, a detailed look at trends by industry and geography, and the inclusion of non-card spending data such as cash and checks. We’re also working to support clients in their AI journeys as they invest to process and understand their own data. Clients are recognizing that we can efficiently add Fiserv data and intelligence to help take decision making to the next level. It’s a major value-added solution that we’re already testing with several of our largest clients and on the Clover platform. We are still in the early stages of delivering our data and intelligence solutions, but the opportunity is significant given the power of our integrated platforms and our unmatched scale, breadth and investment. Finally, I’d like to thank our more than 40,000 employees for their steadfast commitment to our vision and hard work on the day to day execution. It’s clearly led to our leadership in product and innovation and the strong results you’re seeing us report today. Together, we strive to achieve excellence every day on behalf of our clients, partners and shareholders. Thank you for your time today, and now Operator, please open the line for questions.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, I think first of all, when you look at what we’re doing on global penetration, we have--you know we talked about Mexico, Australia and Brazil. You should expect Brazil and Mexico in August as a pilot. I would see it as a full ramp in 2025, I’d treat August like a friends and family. But remember, our business in Brazil, the things we’ve done with Caixa, the things we’ve done growing the business, you know, probably eight, nine years ago from a start-up into a tremendous competitor, so we have growth projections for that market that we would expect it to perform as our business has in Brazil. Mexico - you know, we’ve built a business there, we continue to grow that business. We feel our Mexico and Brazil build is very similar, that’s why you see them coming out together. Once again, a friends and family in August [indiscernible], and obviously we’ll watch that build through the fourth quarter and then full effect in ’25. We feel really great about our position on Australia and what we’re going to do in Australia. You’ll see us in September, and that as a friends and family. We have expectations of larger partner wins there also that are very, very highly motivated to have Clover in market in ’25, so. I don’t think you’ll get a ton of growth out of it this year. We’ll update you later in the year on our expectations in ’25, but those builds are in full force. We have partners who want it bad, and we see the market demand for all that. Thanks for that question. You know, David, we got on the call and talked about a celebration that we’re really having right now, which is the 40th anniversary of Fiserv and the fifth anniversary of the merger. But I think what I realized when I got up this morning is we’re actually celebrating your retirement from Evercore, and if my information’s right, because you know we love to count everything here, you’ve covered Fiserv for 29 years and that’s spanned four CEOs, and I’m fortunate to stand on the shoulders of those who became before me, so I cherish our time together. Then I think I’m right in 32 years on First Data - I can’t really account for all the CEOs that came before me specifically post KKR, but thank you for everything you’ve done for the industry. Thank you for the work, and I think it’s a celebration of your career and your retirement from Evercore. Thanks for being here with us today.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, maybe I’d make a couple other general macro comments. One, when you looked at--you know, we’re very, very proud of what we believe we’ve created with the FSBI and our ability to track it. Obviously we talked about how our numbers don’t exactly mirror the FSBI because of our international presence and the fact that we have verticals that we think outperform. We see a slowness in July, but we see growth in July as we look at it right now. It’s in line with really Q2 if you look at it, and slightly ahead of June. I think also as you look across our book and our total portfolio, you’ll also see the slowing in credit originations across our book which covers retail private label and general purpose, but all of this within our expectation range. I’d also make a secondary point around volume and revenue. We are no longer a volume-only shop. We have lots of VAS, both at the enterprise level and at the SMB level, and it really was the design of how to proceed. We have great feeling about our ability to grow merchants globally, and that’s inclusive of the U.S., so that all falls into our expectation set and I think in total when you look at the business performance and the portfolio size and scope, our hedge is very, very strong.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, maybe I’ll elevate it a hair, just so we have pure clarity on our SMB strategy here, both with FIs and on our other direct channels. We referred to it in our prior comments, but I want to be very, very clear - first of all, those wins are large institutional wins before the product’s in the market in that fashion, and our pipeline is tremendously strong. Remember, we’re also going to bring this product to Clover, and we’re bringing the product to our ISV channels also. Then what we talk about is, as I like to call it, an SMB bundle. That SMB bundle will include Clover, CashFlow Central, the ability to integrate that information, bring it to Active D, which is also winning heavily in the market right now as our new digital banking platform, and Spendlabs. So I think what you’re going to find--and banks, FIs love the bundle, right? Yes, they’re buying CashFlow Central, but this will be a long-term growth engine, and you also heard us talk about our ability to go yes, we have 900 financial institutions, we plan on continuing to grow that number. CashFlow Central by itself is a standout product, which Bob will walk you through the economics, but I want you to focus on the SMB strategy that is an integrated strategy. I think we’re one of a kind in the ability to deliver digital banking, deliver card spend, deliver Clover, and deliver something like CashFlow Central AR/AP to this SMB set. Our banks are loving it. We’ve got two shots at helping our banks generate revenue through it. I didn’t want to minimize the question without articulating the strategy, which is a long term growth strategy for our total portfolio.
Frank Bisignano: Yes, maybe I’d cover that. I realize in my comments about business generation and demand, I didn’t include that we see large demand for our services out of the financial institutions, and that’s beyond this merchant and CFC capability, which both have tremendous demand. It goes to [indiscernible], which is winning the marketplace. You heard us talk about our Finxact wins. Our clients are growing, and you can look at things that we’ve done on Finxact with one, which has been a tremendous opportunity. I do think, you know, and you could point to recent surveys published that we’ve differentiated ourselves in the service area from where we might have been a couple years ago with the delivery of a commitment tracker, which allows us and our clients to have 100% synchronization on our commitments and our delivery rate. I think those have really, really distinguished ourselves. Our relationship management model is making a difference and will continue. Demand is strong, so I think it’s all those variables that gives us confidence about our ability to be the grower that we talked about to you back on i-day.
Frank Bisignano: Well, I don’t--you know, it’s not like I think about public-private. I think about--first of all, we have a tried and true capital deployment philosophy, which I think we’ve been performing well at. I frequently say, gee, I wish we had acquired more, and I frequently--and I always say, but there’s nothing that traded that I wish we had acquired, so I think it’s about value, it’s about long term value creation. Remember, we have the best distribution with our financial institutions, our ISVs. Our ability now to take financial products and bring them to our merchants - you know, we didn’t really talk about embedded finance at all today, but that is still an engine that’s moving for us. It’s where is value creation, how do we bring it to our clients and our shareholders, and I’m really not thinking public versus private as much as being involved in looking at everything humanly possible. That would be--I think that’s kind of where we are.
Frank Bisignano: I’d like to thank everybody for their attention today. Obviously we’ve got a great IR team, so reach out to them with any further questions. Have a great day, and I look forward to talking to you in the future.
Bob Hau: Yes, thanks Tien-Tsin, good morning. First on the margin outlook, as you heard in our prepared remarks, we raised our margin outlook actually for the second quarter in a row, and now greater than 135 basis points. The original guide back in February was greater than 100 basis points. That’s really driven by two factors. One is just the scale and volume of the company - as we add more revenue, it drops through to the company average--excuse me, better than company average rates, and continue to see good growth. The second one, of course, is ongoing productivity - we continue on an ongoing basis, as Frank said earlier, measure everything, and we continue to see progress towards achieving increased productivity across the organization, and so the combination of very strong organic growth, 15% to 17% this year plus productivity allows us to continue to expand margin on a multiple year basis. Then in the merchant processing side, as you know, the processing business line for us is where our clients own the merchant contracts, and so we are providing the back end processing for those clients. In many cases, it’s banks, could be wholesale ISOs, and what we saw is some volume decline out of those processing contracts in the second quarter. Of course, on a year-to-date basis, we are plus-1% for the first half of the year, and that’s in line with our ongoing expectation that it’s roughly flat in this business line going forward.
Bob Hau: Yes Jason, good morning. There’s obviously lots of variables in both of those, both for small business and the enterprise business lines. Generally, we saw a bit of a slowing, and in fact through the second quarter, April and May were in line with our expectations, July came in a little bit slower. But I would emphasize that that was in line with our expectations, so it’s partly why we’re maintaining our full year organic growth rate at 15% to 17%, and in fact for the merchant segment holding at the 25% to 28% despite acceleration in easing of that transitory benefit down in Argentina. Generally, the business is performing at or better than we had previously expected outside of that slowing in the transitory benefit, which by the way, we think is a good thing for the Argentine economy. A more normalized growth rate in inflation and interest is good long term, and so we’re encouraged by how that’s going and how the overall business is responding.
Bob Hau: And Tim, I’d say we feel very good about signing up six large banks before we’ve gone live. We’re quite encouraged on the demand from those financial institutions and the excitement they have. As Frank points out, it’s a revenue generator with them, it allows them to bring themselves closer to their small business client, which is an important client base for them, and for us, the opposite of our consumer bill pay solution which is a fee that the banks pay us but typically do not charge consumers, and so it’s an expense item. For CashFlow Central, it’s actually a revenue generator - they’ll likely charge their small business clients a subscription, again generate revenue for themselves and obviously for us as transactions flow, so feel very good about the opportunity and very encouraged on the very, very early read.
Bob Hau: Yes Darrin, so our expectation, our outlook for this year for the financial solutions segment is 4% to 6%--excuse me, 5% to 7%. Year to date, we’re at 6%, so we’re right at the midpoint of that full year outlook. We anticipate as we go into ’25 and ’26, our medium term outlook for the financial solutions segment increases a point to 6% to 8%, so 5% to 7% this year, we’re right at midpoint halfway through the year, and we expect that to accelerate into ’25 and 2026. That’s really driven by the benefits of exactly what you called out - CashFlow Central coming online, growth in XD, our digital banking solution, Finxact, and a broad suite of capabilities that we have continuing to take hold and meet the demands of our financial solutions client base. We also have on the issuing side, as you heard us talk about back in November at the investor day, several large client wins that will go live in 2025 and beyond, things like Verizon and Target and Desjardins all giving us a lift, so we feel quite good about where we are first half of the year and what we see going into ’25 and ’26.
Bob Hau: Yes, thanks Dan. Overall, maintaining our total company organic growth at 15% to 17%, in order to do that, we expect the merchant segment to grow 25% to 28% organically first half of the year. We’re ahead of that slightly at the top end, good growth overall. We talked a little bit in our prepared remarks about the easing of the transitory benefit of inflation and interest. You’ve seen in our slides that that number has come down. Our previous expectation for the full year was that that would provide a 14-point benefit to merchant solutions, now a 9-point benefit, yet we’re maintaining our full year outlook, and that’s the strength of things like Clover selling very well, value-added solutions both in our small business and in our enterprise business. CommerceHub continues to see good uptake from our large enterprise clients. We definitely saw an increase in anticipation activity down in Latin America we talked about in our prepared remarks, as well as an additional quarter benefit of Dólar turista, so maybe a little bit of that idiosyncratic view from your point on the Dólar turista, expect that to go away at the tail end of this quarter, third quarter, but generally, growth across the business. I think this is one of the hallmarks of Fiserv over the 40 years that we’ve been in business, anticipating that 2024 will be our 39th consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. We are incredibly resilient and we respond to changes in the marketplace. We respond to changes in the macroeconomic environment and it’s the breadth and depth of our capability, of our product set, of our client base and our distribution channels.
