Keith Mosing: Okay, thank you, Thomas. Third quarter results, I’m very pleased to report, were very good. Results showed continued increase in international deepwater activity, as well as continued rebound in the U.S. land business. However, our Gulf of Mexico was impacted by loop currents again this year. Overall, as I mentioned, we're very pleased with our results. Revenue increased 9% for the second quarter. EBITDA margins were 40% in the quarter. Current dividend yield is over 3%. Our outlook for 2014 is in line with previous guidance. We expect strong growth in the Gulf of Mexico and our International business, continued improvement in the US land business, also. Steady contributions are coming in from our tubular sales. 2015 guidance will be in February of 2015. Frank's focus is on serving the customer. Our customer is generally a petroleum or mechanical engineer working in the oil and gas industry. We follow that engineer from graduation to retirement. As they grow within their company and take on more responsibility, we are there to service them throughout their entire carrier. I will now turn the call over to John Walker and John Sinders for their comments before providing my closing comments.
Keith Mosing: Thank you, John. We're very excited about the opportunities we see in the industry in 2015. Whether the industry is up or down, we feel that Frank's is on track. Our strong balance sheet enables us to grow, even during a downturn, and our exclusive patented equipment helps us and gives us an advantage, whether the market is up or down. Our CFO search continues and we should have an update for you soon. I want to thank you for your continued interest and support in Frank's International. We will now open up the call for your questions.
Keith Mosing: Sure. In Q3 we had five of our operations in the Gulf of Mexico were affected by loop currents and it was an inconsistent period where depending where the well activity was whether we would actually be mobilized or not, because once that were latched on we’re mobilizing and the drilling proceeds the well execution proceeds. For Q4 the impact has been significantly less where we, in the early part of October, we were down to one rig operation that had been affected by loop currents.
Keith Mosing: It's a mixed bag there because they haven't all been awarded but we're starting to see the same level of success as we’ve had in the past as far as market share in fact certainly from an exploration and the appraisal aspect as we move into the development phase of some of these projects with the completion equipment has more of an emphasize in value. We’ve been seeing success there we’re goes back to the quality of service and the differentiating technology. If you look on a go-forward basis the undertone has been aware is about reducing well cost. This is where our client been a likes to choose the best-in-class, someone who can actually optimize these well reduce well cost at well center and that is done by differentiating technology our whole model is predicated on well cost reductions and sustainability it can’t just be the one time application. And one good example of that is in the Gulf of Mexico recently, this is just the tail end of the Q3 was we installed 25,000 feet of casing and landings in the Gulf of Mexico with our extended reach technology that casing concluded over £2 million of casing into the well bore. And that is a significant achievement from the client and also from our sales we say didn’t protect of the clients investment as you know a deepwater well in the Gulf of Mexico can far exceed $100 million. So that type of approaches how we’re going to continue to develop that sector of the business. In addition to that, as we move into the shelf, we are on the shelf, but as we continue to develop share on the shelf and the wells get more complex in nature, it just allows us to then emphasize the technology again.
Keith Mosing: Absolutely. So Ole, in regards to your answer to the question there as we move in from the African exploration into the development campaigns in the subsea developments, that’s where we have substantial differentiating technology that will allow us to reduce well costs. In addition to that Brazil is an opportunity for us where we just started that wiser running application that’s been in the pipeline for coming up for a year it’s taken a year for them to get to this point but we finally mobilized and that’s a multiyear contract. And that’s with the larger national down there. And that gives us a significant opportunity with that client to show the differentiated services that we can offer because we have previously been successful in Brazil, but we elected not just flood the market on a price point basis. We really held firm and our technology and we’re starting to see some traction at that point. So in answer to your question about 2015 we’re still waiting as everyone as to see where the E&P’s are going to allocate our capital, that would be in a global portfolio and having the technology on hand we should be in a good form. And to Keith’s point earlier, in the event that there is some flattening within the market, which is highly likely, we can then use our balance sheet to optimize in some of these valuations of being more realistic.
Keith Mosing: For the development, so once the well is drilled and it’s cased, the conduit’s cased, that final completion string that’s going to go in for the well production life of up to 10 to 15 years there’s a lot more focus on not just the speed and what you have to run into the wellbore and get sealed is the well integrity side. So we have a suite of technology tools that can validate the well integrity and we’ve been successful and actually talk about Norway, as I mentioned earlier, that we’ve been successful in Norway with the client there with that technology and we see more opportunity going forward there.
Keith Mosing: Two aspects of coming further up the whole. As we go to casing drilling, we have a suite of tools with the CRT tools and those tools actually allow us to rotate the casing into the wellbore. And then as we get to the managed pressure drilling aspect of the business, the quicker that they can actually drill that bore, then the better for the client, reduction in costs and the bores will be deeper. The theory, of course, is to get deeper with the conduit larger size. And as we get there the deeper casing streams matches with the high-capacity handling tools that we have to install in the wellbore. So, from an overall evaluation perspective there is no material difference in our business and certainly not from a negative standpoint.
Keith Mosing: Well we, it’s a good news, bad news story, we have more differed revenues and so it’s right now in right around $77 million and that’s the bad news I guess, the good news is as you know about our differed revenues we get paid, we just can recognize income at this time some of the revenue that we’ve recognized, I mean there was in the differed revenue we will be recognized in 2015. Some of the revenue about $40 odd million is with one client and we’re working with him to find ways to recognize it earlier, but fundamentally differed revenues not that matter of thing, I mean essentially it’s partly what that business has I mean a large part of that business not the majority but a large part is clients coming in and we help them manage their pipe logistics. And because of that you are going to have differed revenue because they’re going to be getting pipe and connecters with us did they plan on taking down at a later day. So it’s not something that we are out there discouraging clients from doing as we want to business, we just want to try to manage it a little better. So that we can have more forward a better forward feel on recognition. And what we do and we started doing this sometime ago, we guide you on revenue recognition in Tubular sales that excludes deferred revenues, so we don't throw that in there. So the way we look at it deferred revenue as we – as it does get booked is almost like (Indiscernible) a little something extra that comes through.
Keith Mosing: Brad, this is Keith Mosing I just want to add what John and John just said. This actually shows up on our books, now that we’re public company, but this is actually a service for our clients, we provide pipe yard and so if it doesn’t leave our yard for our facilities. We can't look it, but it’s actually a service that we’ve been doing for many, many years to take care of our client to actually he can inventory his purchases from us in-house, but now that we're public, we can't actually book it. But it’s not necessarily a bad think. And if you can add it to what we’re doing is, it’s really quite positive in the client. You know the client is eventually going to use it and when he uses it eventually we are going to do the work on it.
Keith Mosing: Okay. This is Keith Mosing. And I just wanted to thank everybody for their interest in falling along with Franks. Let everybody know that even though we’ve only been public now for a little over year 14 months. We’ve been in business servicing this industry for over the last 76 years. We are very pleased with our revenues. We are very pleased with our growth. And also, our future looks really, really bright and we are a strong company. And no matter whether the markets up or down. I think we'll prevail just like we always have. And so, again I want to thank everybody for their support and interest. Thank you.
John Walker: Good morning, Robin. This is John Walker speaking. So, in regard to your question, the loop currents, as I mentioned earlier that was actually offset by additional market share that we secured in the completion on the shelf side of the business. So, we even thought the loop currents were longer than anticipated. It didn't have such a material effect in the overall plan. With regard to new rigs coming in, we have two more rigs coming in Q4, and we've talked to our client or clients and there is no indication, at this time, that those rigs are going to be delayed. As far as the look ahead into 2015, we're going to give the annual guidance at the Q4 call. So I really don't want to get into the real specifics at this point. I would like to highlight that as we see the delays in the project, it gives us additional opportunities to refocus our efforts on the completion side of the business. And this past quarter, we’ve been successful at gaining additional market share on that side. So it’s very optimistic for us and we remain within the annual guidance that we previously highlighted.
John Walker: Sure. With regard to international, the Middle East is coming from a small basis for us and we put a lot of focus and effort into the Middle East operation. And as we talked about in our Q2 call, we had some front-end loaded costs there with regard to training, with regard to mobilization of equipment, and all the associated operations. More so within the Middle East, Saudi Arabia has got a lot of opportunity for us and the types of well architecture that’s going to be embarked upon in some of their new areas, we see a good match for us with the technology. So, as far as the Middle East is concerned – also in the Abu Dhabi area, there’s a substantial amount of opportunities for us in that market, along with, as I mentioned earlier, Egypt. Egypt, now that we’ve settled down politically in Egypt, the investment is continuing to proceed and we’ve been successful with our drilling optimization technology, the HI tool, in that sector of the market. Also, I’d like to highlight, earlier this year, the Latin American portion of our business had a stall out and we put a lot of focus on that and there is a lot of opportunity, actually, Q4 and then into 2015. A lot of the E&Ps have confirmed that they’re proceeding with exploration campaigns and the tenders have been coming through. We’ve been, let me say, very successful with that.
John Walker: Not exactly, no. I mean it really is – it really is a logistics function as much as anything. There certainly are changes in customer expectations on their wells and the timing of their wells and so that’s probably why they contract with us. So they have the luxury of having that flexibility. But there's nothing in it in the deferred revenue that is reflective of any drop off and drilling plans or anything of that nature. I mean, if we see something like that we’ll certainly keep you updated.
John Walker: Sure. There is quite a substantial amount of tendering going on at the moment within the tubular services demand for Europe, and so it’s ongoing. So there’s no specific conclusion I can come to you at this point. However, the Norwegian portion of our market as we’ve identified it’s been the primary portion of our market with 40% sequential growth revenue. The contracts in Norway are long-term in nature, and yes, we’ve seen recently on deferrals from the large national there. But that has not affected us, that’s not portion of the business that we were participate in them. So as far as the remaining part of the business in the European or the Norwegian sector it’s looking optimistic for us for 50, as far as the reminding part of Europe within Holland and region in the central Europe, we know that there has always been an economic slowdown there, as well as the oil price contraction. So we’re just monitoring like everyone else, but we’re certainly not getting any much of swings in a negative form.
John Walker: As far as to get to your question we’ll start with the floater market. The floater market we’re seeing 36 rigs coming out by the end of 2015 of which 50% are still on contracted. So we’re keeping a close eye on that, in parallel with it, the larger volume uptick something in the region knows that 70 rigs in the jack-up side is going to be coming out. So the ones that we’re focused on are the higher and jack-up where we completed the most value at the well center and the well architecture. So as these rigs are being contracted we're immediately following up with the type of well architecture its happening. So we're not seeing a significant slowdown in the target market that we're approaching. Now we are seeing and hearing, of course, deferrals and slowness coming out of the shipyards. So at this point we're just not seeing a significant impact on our forward outlook.
John Walker: We love all business and spoken like a true company guy. Probably really complex exploration wells have the highest margin.
John Walker: But the margin on the completion well – on completion activity it’s very strong and it’s very steady. And so the completion the nice thing about it is once you get that going and development campaign going it’s something that just almost a manufacturing type of thing. And we have some very proprietary technology.
John Walker: I mean you can absolutely look at them as goalposts. And what happened last quarter and we mentioned that we have some expenses that we incurred and wearing you would see the revenue recognition there from the following quarter. And so, that’s partly what you’re seeing here. And so, and we also mentioned kind of mentioned before that our business is a little lumpy. I mean it's not as – when you look at our business I mean, on some of the rigs that we’re on we can make $3 million, $5 million on a rig and on a job. So you’ll have expenses to gear up and it isn't always completely covered or matched in the quarter and so you can have that type of I guess overlay between one quarter and another. So I think yes, you’re right, we don’t see any reason why it should be less than $37 million, and where I think I’d be shocked if there were more than $46 million, $45 million, going forward. So between those some were – we look internally is a high 30s, low 40s that is what we expect.
John Walker: So a little bit of color on that one in regard to the Southern Part of West Africa, example June exploration phase one the market start sub. So we have differentiated technology that we developed in the Gulf of Mexico and subsequently admitted to West Africa in the lower portion. When the tenders come out and we go into development phase, it became very clear that we have differentiated technology that would reduce their well cost. So it was a lot easier for us to justify the difference in price to the client. So we’d be successful in that domain on multiple occasions throughout this year. Regarding exploration there was a flurry of activity in the North and Northwest portion of Africa with a mixed bag of results some not so good and then good potential for 2015. And in that area there was a little bit of price point push we’ve reacted to it its natural, but we now subsequently secure the contracts, and then we will and explain to know about there is a better way to do it. There is a more cost effective way to do it. And that’s offering our differentiating technology again. So we’ve been successful this year applying that methodology and we’ll just continue to focus on that market.
John Walker: Yes, we continue with our research and development group developing the technology. And I don’t actually have the number at hand, but we happy to talk to you off-line about the patents. The general numbers are 250 patents globally, and patent portfolio is still strong. It’s not that there is depletion in the near-term. We actually keep on adding patents and patent applications to that portfolio. So from a health standpoint and a competitive advantage, again, we feel confident in the area.
John Walker: You know in jack-upside – we really don’t have any better market share numbers than we gave you last quarter, we're still somewhere right in the low to mid-teens. And that’s going to take time to move up. On the floaters start of the market we've really been reluctant and it never given precise market share and probably won't do that now either. But we see it increasing what’s leave it that’s and especially on the completion side.
John Walker: That means, it really the problem with jack-ups is that you have all kinds of different work on jack-ups. I mean on some of the simpler jack-ups or smaller jack-ups, we might do hammer work or some of the more sophisticated and newer jack-ups that you see in the North Sea, you’re going to have more sophisticated drilling parts of, even in some shallow water jack-up in Gulf of Mexico, if you are doing (indiscernible) area or something like that. So is really hard to generalize, I mean, by and large it's lower margin within our floaters. But to put one number on it's just not fungible, the opportunities varied tremendously, I know that doesn’t help you George, but as we get a larger number and market share will start to see some trends that we could probably call out or and identify for using to help on your modeling, but right now, anything I would give you would be misleading.
John Walker: So as I would answer that question, simply it's broad-based. We appointed this single head later on in this year we consolidated our sales efforts and we came up with targets and are proud at the sales team. The sales team of executed the plan and our operations team has followed behind it and maintained the market share. We don’t see there should be no significant reason as to why we’d have contraction in that area, but as we mentioned it’s going to be flat in that area for Q4 and the rationale behind that is we’re going to have some stair stepping going on. We can’t just all of a sudden just see continual compounded growth there. So we’re going to stair step our market share penetration and things are looking optimistic in that segment.
John Walker: Sure. It’s a slightly new version of the technology where it has higher capacities and it can attract a wider array of tubular. Now without getting into the technicalities of it, the value that it creates as they should extend the well production life due to mitigation on the corrosion aspect of the tube. So that was the reason we brought it out, it’s a complete differentiated technology unique to our Company. We certainly have had it in different markets for over 10 years. However, we’ve revitalized that product and we have a new marketing campaign going forward.
John Walker: An interesting question there, because I talked to our U.S. Gulf of Mexico leadership team and they came back and I asked that exact same question, and they said. Well, it’s not like a haircut. You don’t have two in the quarter, you just have one and if the work has slipped because of weather, it’s slipped. It doesn’t go away, it just slipped. So as a result of that allowed us to penetrate additional markets in the completion side of the business and also the shelf and that offset and we’re pleased with our numbers.
John Walker: So we don’t actually breakout the market share by region for the markets, but as far as the European sector as a whole, Norway is the number one sector of the market for us. As far as the UK is concerned, there’s a substantial amount of tenders that are on going right now. And there’s a possibility that we would secure some of that business. We’re only approaching that business on the basis of what value it would create for the client and where the margin would be for ourselves. So we’re just not going to drop the price point on that to penetrate the market. So it’s difficult for us to really articulate at this point as to what the conclusion will be. If the market grows in the UK sector, we would expect to have a small addition to it, but by no means is there going to be a significant material change from what we’ve guided for Q4 and then in 2015. As I say, we’ll guide for 2015 in the Q4 call.
John Walker: It’s actually interesting. It’s floaters, but there is also some platform work as a lot of mature platforms that are looking for some stimulation, well intervention and stimulation, and there’s actually some platform work looking for abandonment. So they’re actually abandoning the platforms. So all those portions of the business is a tubular opportunity for us and that’s generally where the tendering process is around at the moment.
John Walker: We really don’t break that out. Let’s – we can’t say this – the renewed focus on completion work with our proprietary technology has – we haven’t seen an increase in market share everywhere we’ve done that and pushed it. And that’s about as much as we would want to go into.
John Walker: Yes. I mean it’s moving on. I mean the one good thing about some of the other stock prices coming in and is that – I mean our balance sheet is perfect. And Keith loves to buy things when markets are little more in disarray and so do I because the chance for companies to go public and to do leverage recaps and all of that type of stuff that keeps – pushes up their value, it doesn't exist right now. So we are the liquidity source. And I would think that we are going to have we could see an increase in acquisition activity, but we haven’t done any so even one would be an increase, but I think we can see an increase in the next year.
John Walker: Just keep moving, I'm sorry. It’s not like we are not looking and John and I have reviewed several but we just feel that the margins are a little bit too high right now. But we are always ready and we are always looking for opportunities, I can assure you that.
John Walker: Your math is correct. On the other hand, we really our – the fourth quarter is a seasonally weak quarter on onshore.
John Walker: And so we really don’t want to update our guidance, but I mean the math that you are coming out is correct.
John Walker: Not really I mean what we could see and this is why we try to get the ranges is could we end up with some extra expense internationally as it’s growing and we are having to move things and like we had before yes, that could happen to us. And that’s primarily where it happens is in some of our – in our stronger African and Middle Eastern markets. And so that’s why we give the range.
