Melissa Cougle: Ian, appreciate the question. I think we're still looking through it. Next year, we are going through the process right now presently of quantifying essentially the contracts that are rolling over. We are optimistic, as you mentioned about the offshore space Tubulars does have really strong line of sight. I think we didn't need to hold on giving you any more than that probably for a couple more months as we get through everything else clustered.
Melissa Cougle: It's not in our thinking yet for 2020. I'll let Steve expand upon it as well. Certainly, we would expect there would be a correlation. I would say it's fair, Steve chime in that we have not factored that into our 2020 budget at present.
Melissa Cougle: Give us a little bit of time there, Ian. We're still working through some projects as part of linking back to the profitability improvement program. We have some early days, but I think we'd rather come back to you with firmer guidance there in future.
Melissa Cougle: Yes, I think I would also add to what Mike just said, and what you also heard from us is that the supply chain optimization was coinciding with an ERP implementation. So that $15 million, we would tap into on the backside of having what we view as far more clarity and real time data to be able to react to.So proper category spend to facilitate vendor discussions, better working capital management because we can get a firm handle on invoices getting out of the door quicker and can pull our outstanding receivable reports more efficiently. So the general efficiency that comes along with an ERP implementation is also rolled into that. Everything Mike said plus some more is what I would say.From a free cash flow next year perspective, what I would tell you is we're still going through the process right now of really recasting our view as relates to U.S. Land as well as pushing through our profitability improvement project.So we are -- it would be fair to say we’re highly focused on free cash flow. We understand its priority in the space and it is a primary metric for us to track. So we will be looking to optimize and make it as efficient as possible. That being said, we feel like there's still more work to do in quantifying and pushing out the work that we know we can do into the financials to see how it flows through to the free cash flow line.
Melissa Cougle: Well, we're largely looking at next year as our timeline to get to -- when we start 2021, now we -- there are things as Mike mentioned, there are things we can do now and we will be doing what we can do now. But a lot of this longer-term stuff starts to tap into when you have good clear clarity to your spend categories and you can go back to your vendors with full spends and global agreements.
Mike Kearney: Yes, thank you. So I think first of all, if we look forward to next year, we're generally seeing an increasing market trend internationally. For us this geographical -- it's a hot spot for us, we see pretty decent growth coming out of Asia-Pacific, Africa and Europe next year. To the specific comments on the Middle East that for us is a mix land in offshore market. It's approximately half and half, the offshore being a shelf market. And in general, I would say that gives us some opportunities for next year, we don't see that as one of the major growth opportunities for next year internationally.
Mike Kearney: So I'll take the supply chain first, this is Mike. In terms of our business, we have discrete business units. So we actually procure things in a number of locations and our objective there and of course, it's longer-term is to get better visibility in terms of all of these functions that are somewhat disparate, and bring them together more closely and try to get that volume purchasing power by being more coordinated.So that's clearly a longer-term project. In that you've got to go your vendors, you've got to seek to get reductions. If you can't get the reductions you want, then you need to look harder for other vendors. So it's definitely a longer-term initiative. But we’re just in the early stages of that, but I think we can do a better job and we'll be working on that. But we didn't want to -- we view that as longer-term, not something you've kind of flip the switch and get those savings.In terms of the free cash flow, I'll let Melissa speak to that one in terms of 2020.
Mike Kearney: As you probably know, these ERP projects are long and complicated. And we're choosing to implement in phases. So one approach is the Big Bang where you try to convert everything at the same time. And so our first phase is going to be kind of our financial and back office piece, which would include a lot of supply chain components. And we're targeting to have that pretty much done by the end of next year.And then there'll be other things beyond that in terms of our inventory management and other modules, HR would be added on at a later date, but it'll be a sequential process. We're not going to stop and take a break. We'll do it one module at a time, but it will take place over more than one year.
Mike Kearney: Okay, thank you, Sylvia. Well, we appreciate everyone joining us on today's call. And the management team is very excited about the steps we're taking to improve our profitability and serve our customers in the safest, most cost effective manner. We look forward to updating everyone on our fourth quarter call. Thanks for joining.
