Melissa Cougle: Thank you, Mike. Referring to Slide 6, during the second quarter of 2020, we generated $86.1 million of revenue, which was down from both the previous quarter and the second quarter of 2019. This quarter’s decline was largely expected and related to a full quarter of COVID-19-associated drilling pauses and delays with certain of our geographies experiencing reductions in activity of greater than 80%. Our Q2 adjusted EBITDA totaled negative $1.7 million due to the associated activity declines across all segments. Our cost reduction measures, which Mike mentioned earlier, allowed us to hold decremental margins to 24% quarter-over-quarter. In examining our liquidity, the company produced $26.4 million in operating cash flows for the second quarter, a notable increase from the prior quarter due to cost-saving efforts materializing as well as fewer one-off expenditures and an increase in customer collections. As previously noted, beginning in April, we amplified our engagement with customers to reduce our outstanding receivables in addition to the ongoing implementation of our cost reduction initiatives. As of the end of June, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $193 million, an improvement of $22 million over the previous quarter. Our free cash flow improved to $16 million in comparison to the negative $32 million reported in Q1. The company had cash CapEx during Q2 of $10.3 million. This CapEx was mostly related to in-flight capital projects approved and initiated in 2018 and 2019, which were higher than expected. The company intends to keep newly initiated CapEx in 2020 to less than $10 million, and we are planning a total 2020 CapEx cash spend of less than $30 million as compared to $37 million in 2019. We anticipate seeing additional free cash flow benefits of our lower 2020 approved CapEx in 2021. Turning to Slide 7, our TRS revenues and adjusted EBITDA declined both sequentially and year-over-year. This was due to the dramatic decline in activity across the globe with the greatest impacts seen in U.S. land, Gulf of Mexico and Africa. TRS revenue declines came with incrementals of 34% to arrive at an adjusted EBITDA for the quarter of $4 million. The Middle East region has been showing the most resilience during this uncertain period. Our sharpest declines have been experienced in U.S. Land as well as our Africa jurisdictions, the latter of which has been predominantly related to COVID-19-necessitated drilling process. In the Tubular segment presented on Slide 8, second quarter revenue was $8.7 million with $700,000 of adjusted EBITDA. There was a significant reduction in tubular sales, partially offset by a $200,000 improvement in drilling technologies revenue from Q1 levels. Tubulars had combined decrementals of 18%, both tubular products and drilling technologies. Including the segment on Slide 9, our Cementing Equipment segment revenue for the second quarter was $15 million, a decline driven mainly by a reduced customer activity in the U.S. Land and offshore markets. Adjusted EBITDA declined to $900,000 with associated decrementals of 25% due to market contractions in North and South America. Turning to Slide 10, the proxy improvement actions we described in our Q1 earnings call and in previous quarters are continuing to show meaningful impact and we now anticipate an approximate 25% reduction in our cost structure year-over-year, inclusive of operational and support costs. This is a further improvement over our previously stated estimate of a 20% year-over-year cost base reduction. Specific to company support or non-operational savings, we estimate reductions of approximately $50 million in 2020. Our combined savings include initiatives related to workforce reductions, purchase order management, elimination of not essential spend and negotiated category discounts with significant suppliers. In Q2, we were able to curtail RPO issuance by 47% versus Q1, which we feel will contribute to further savings in future periods. Effective negotiations with suppliers achieved an average 15% reduction on future purchase orders, and we are also on track for a 30% reduction in our total compensation costs from 2019 levels. And looking forward, we anticipate a troughing over the next quarter. A few bright spots look to be materializing in Q4. We have seen a couple of rigs going back to work and are getting some signals that additional programs may be reinitiated late in the year. This is a tenuous situation that can change abruptly. So our focus remains on running our business more and more efficiently quarter-over-quarter and controlling what we can. We do seek improvements in Q4 as possible for U.S. markets, both offshore and onshore and international activity, and we believe that 2020 will see an improvement in overall activity levels across the board. With that, we will now open up the line for your questions.
Melissa Cougle: Thanks, Taylor, for the question and good morning. I think as it relates – this is to Melissa here. I think as it relates to the cost out program, a couple of things. So when we look at H1 year-over-year, we actually see that we are already a little bit above our $50 million run rate. So we would say that we have already kind of achieved the run rate we’re guiding to. That being said, why we feel like we can make incremental improvements is we’re also taking an in-flight in H2, we will actually be reinitiating kind of re-baselining. So we have communicated previously the PIP initiatives. We will be going back through those PIP initiatives, looking at essentially how much cost we have removed re-benchmarking all of the functional areas, and potentially, we believe, taking out sort of another layer of costs. So I don’t think we can get predictions on how much more come out but important parts are – we are already at the $50 million run rate. So we feel very confident in the $50 million for the whole year. And we think we can improve it because we’re essentially going back to do the reevaluation, which we think will yield some incrementally additional savings to be had. So I think those will probably be not as large as the first half of the year, but they will be incremental on top of the $50 million we’ve already guided to. And we’ve talked previously as well about the ERP implementation, which leads us to believe we could find another several million dollars of savings next year post that implementation as well.
Melissa Cougle: Yes, sure. So I think Mike said well, but taglines here are, we think there is some more to gain on under DSO, we were able to free up some collections. We will be going after more and improving DSO further in the back half of the year. We do have our tax benefit coming in the back half of the year, that will aid us as well. You heard me make mention of CapEx. We see that unwind happening in the back half of the year. So agreed we got the biggest piece probably of our working capital benefit here in Q2. The back half of the year will be a story of how much cost are we now seeing in terms of asking the PO unwind a reference we’re seeing less POs in the system, we think we’ll get several smaller tailwinds in the back half of the year, be able to optimize DSO further in the back half of the year. And we’re planning on squeezing out some positive free cash flow for the year if we can at all get there.
Mike Kearney: Yes. No, I think it’s – of course, it’s a slurry slope with two more months of the quarter ahead of the operators generally don’t give us a lot of notice if they’re going to change a program slowdown, pick up, stop, in fact, in some cases, we had operators say they were going to shut down a rig and then they changed their mind and vice versa. So it’s very hard to predict the future. But while we’re optimistic and we’re not giving guidance, but I think we’re at the bottom here. So hopefully, at least in the third quarter, we wouldn’t sink any further. So I think easy way to say it is, I think revenue for Q3, even though I wouldn’t call this guidance, it should be in the flattish range, up or down slightly, and it’s all going to depend on the operator’s decisions. Once again, as Steve said, Q4, we’re more optimistic that we’ll be heading in the north direction.
Mike Kearney: Yes, there are other ways – I would just say, free cash flow is great. We love it, but there are other ways in terms of selling excess assets, things of that nature. If you look back a year ago, our cash at Q2 ‘19 was $172 million. So we’re up $22 million over a 12-month period and what I’d call it’s been a pretty bad market. So congratulations to the team for looking under every rock for cash, and that’s an impressive cash build in terms of where we’ve been.
Mike Kearney: So we are open for acquisitions. We have not quit looking at ideas. It’s an interesting market. We talk to advisers, various bankers. And it’s harder to get deals done in this environment because how do you base – if it’s stock, how do you base exchange ratio or the stock value when everybody’s stock is so depressed. One counterparty may feel like their recovery is going to be much faster than another counterparty. So the environment in one sense is quite a bit tougher. But on the other, and you alluded to this, the other thing that we have going is a very, very strong balance sheet. So we are looking at transactions. Once again, the other side of that issue is it’s hard to do good deals. If you look at – over a long period of time, if you look at 100 deals, there may only be 5 that even rise to the level of going into due diligence. So we want to be very cautious on the one hand to make sure that any deal we do is very additive to our EBITDA and free cash flow, certainly through the first 12 months. So I’ve rambled a bit, but I think we can say we are actively looking at transactions, but they’re hard to do, to do a good one. So – but we are definitely actively spending some time looking at some things.
Mike Kearney: I will give you a very quick intro and then picture it to Steve, who is obviously closest in the organization to our various markets. In terms of – well, I will just turn over to Steve, I will just let you – I won’t lead it. I will just let Steve answer this way.
Mike Kearney: Okay. Thank you. To conclude, while we are experiencing unusually poor operating conditions in the industry, you can rest assure the employees of Frank’s are doing everything possible to ensure safe operating conditions while delivering quality service to our customers. Additionally, as you’ve heard from the entire group here, we’re being extremely cost conscious. So we look forward to keeping everyone updated on our progress. And thanks for your continuing interest in Frank’s, and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Goodbye.
