Frank Bisignano: Thanks, Bob. I'm very proud of the results we've accomplished, with another quarter of double-digit growth in both adjusted revenue and adjusted EPS. In the second quarter, we published our 2021 CSR report, which included a number of key enhancements to add disclosures and respond to new reporting standards on environmental impact and corporate governance. We are proud to share our ESG journey as we continue to optimize the business while generating value to shareholders and communities.  In June, we expand our back-to-business program in Nebraska. In addition to a $10,000 grant, businesses receive access to innovative business management technology from Clover, ongoing community support and small business resources. Our program in Nebraska is expected to award $1 million in grants for small diverse businesses.  We are incorporating green building design principles as a priority for our offices and facilities. In the second quarter, Fiserv received LEED Gold green building certification for our Downtown Manhattan location. And we are working toward LEED status at the completion of our Berkeley Heights, New Jersey and Dublin, Ireland hubs.  Finally, before I turn it over to the operator for Q&A, I'd like to thank Shub for her terrific work as our Head of Investor Relations for the last 18 months. Shub is taking on a new assignment as our Head of Strategy, and I look forward to continuing to work with her.  I'm pleased to welcome Julie Chariell, who is with us today, as our new Head of Investor Relations. Welcome, Julie.  I will close by thanking our more than 40,000 hard-working Fiserv associates around the world for working relentlessly to serve our clients and you, our shareholders.  With that, operator, please open the line for questions. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes, I would just add. We've had tremendous opportunity for greater product build-out, organic opportunities and market opportunities. We didn't look at it -- I now look at Finxact, Bento and Ondot as 3 examples where I think we are very, very pleasantly surprised by the opportunity to have a much larger footprint on those. Finxact would be a perfect example. We're building into industrial strength at a much faster speed.  And I think one of the other items I highlight is we have increased our speed of execution. You see in our revenue numbers, it does affect our CapEx number also. But if you look at the speed at which we implement, the size and scope of which we operate, it's been a very, very good, strong trajectory, increased speed and execution. 
Frank Bisignano: Yes, I'd say first of all, look at July volume. It's getting in line with Q2. The consumer remains resilient, fundamentally in line in volume and transaction standpoint also. So although the month's not over, this month seems to be continuing in the fashion.  And visibility on the expense side is very, very clear. We have clear line of sight. Obviously, we made a bunch of decisions to grow this business, probably at a level that is where we like it. And we continue to see that opportunity, but we do see the opportunity to take down expenses on a run rate basis relative to margin, or productivity opportunity to put our productivities in front of us. Probably don't have to -- we know how to get it very [ well ]. 
Frank Bisignano: I'd start on merchant. We purposely had investor conference to talk about how we saw it over the longer haul. And obviously, we do believe in driving up our penetration rate of software services. You saw that go up 350 basis points. at 15%. We talk about moving that over the longer haul to 25%. So ARPU is clearly a focus of ours.  Our ability to also continue to expand in markets. You hear us talk about Colombia, Argentina, Mexico, along with our vertical of -- and we feel very, very strong about our capabilities we're going to build out over the long haul in the restaurant vertical and then move into the services verticals. So we feel our partnerships continue to grow. We believe we're the partner of choice in that business.  And what you see in there, obviously, we had a couple of points of inflation in there. But what you really see is the strong growth of the investments we've made, the businesses we've bought and integration capability of the total franchise. I mean, I do believe that we get leverage from our bank partners and other partners in a way that only we can.  And of course, Clover and Carat are 2 leading products in the industry that we continue to invest heavily. And so I think the sustainability, minus inflation, is right in front of us. And we've been driving this for a long time and I have talked about for a long time, and you're seeing the fruits of the labor. 
Frank Bisignano: I mean, the way I think about it is we run a large enterprise. We have competition in every country. We have competition in every business. I think our solutions are world-class and leading. And I think ultimately, this is about how we provide our clients an opportunity to grow their businesses, whether it's a small business, a community bank or large enterprise.  So I don't really look at it as anything other than our job is to be the best and provide the best. And from a competition standpoint, there's a lot of great competitors out there, but we feel when you look at our numbers and you look at what's going on, that we're gaining market share. 
Frank Bisignano: I think from a debit, credit, it's stabilized. I think it's been stabilized. Maybe there's a percentage point, 2, delta from when we started pre-pandemic to now in that credit, debit mix. But I think we're at a normalized rate there. And obviously, we keep driving e-comm, we keep driving car, and that trends up. But we do have a very large footprint globally, so those move in small increments relative to the size of our merchant business. 
Frank Bisignano: I'd like to thank everyone for their time, and we look forward to talking to you. Appreciate it. Have a great day. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Dave, thanks. As you heard us say over the last couple of quarters, we don't necessarily -- like to necessarily track yield. And the fact is we're not managing for yield, we're managing for revenue growth and overall margin. There's always quarter-to-quarter fluctuations. This quarter, last quarter are 2 examples where both yield is positive. As we continue to sell more value-added services, as we see more revenue per merchant, obviously, we see the benefit of yield.  And yes, we see that it -- we believe our overall revenue growth is sustainable, and we'll continue to see good growth in the business. Some of that will be "yield" because of more value-added services. Some of that will be more transactions. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I think you should expect the margin to improve into Q3 and more so into Q4. The combination of -- we do anticipate inflation to subside a bit from the very high levels we saw in the first half of the year.  Additionally, as we've talked about in the prepared remarks as well as last quarter, we have this carryover work that we have going on from an integration standpoint. Last year, we dialed those costs out. We added them back to adjusted earnings. Beginning in January 1 of this year, we stopped dialing that back out. And therefore, you see those costs hit in Q1.  In Q2, they started to ease. In the latter part of Q2, they will continue their easing rate. So those costs go away. In addition, you get the benefit or the productivity out of that integration work. And so you'll see a bigger improvement in fourth quarter than you do in third, and second half stronger than the first half. 
Robert Hau: Yes. Lisa, so I think a couple of things there. One, we definitely see the improvement in inventory in the back half of the year. We have been buying significant amounts of inventory, both in terms of point-of-sale devices, but also in paper and plastic for our Payments segment, our output solutions business payments. We see that easing into the second half of the year. That was done not only the case of actual point-of-sale devices, but some components to protect our clients from having hardware available. And we see that easing in the second half of the year so we'll see an improvement there.   Overall, I believe working capital will improve into the second half as well as some improvement in CapEx from a timing standpoint. And then, finally, as we see improved margins, a bit more productivity to get more cash flow. 
Robert Hau: And Lisa, I think those 2 last elements that Frank pointed out is really at the heart of why we've taken our full year outlook down from the 95% to 100%, now 90% to 95%. Continue to see those opportunities, and we want to work those opportunities. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I think overall, it's a relatively small piece. It's, call it, roughly 2% of the Payment segment. We've obviously seen good growth there and is part of the growth driver of the business. And as that continues to ramp, now we have a number of financial institutions, and therefore the number of users, as we see more and more ubiquity of that capability of that tool, i.e., more consumers making more payments, we'll continue to see good growth and so. 
Robert Hau: And Tien-Tsin, as I pointed out, and obviously, we expect inflation to subside a bit. We have the productivity of completing those integration projects. Those have been ramping down as of the kind of middle to end of second quarter. You see clear line of sight to see that continuing into Q3. And we see good opportunities to continue to invest, focused on sustainably growing this business much faster than it has in the past, taking our revenue guidance up this year from previously 7% to 9% to now 9% to 11%. And those opportunities that Frank talked about to increase our speed of execution and drive innovation not only is an impact to cash flow, but margin. And therefore, you saw us lower margin a bit even though we took up EPS given stronger growth. 
Robert Hau: No. I would say no change in thinking. The strength of our balance sheet and our cash flow gives us the opportunity to both buy back shares and look for value-accretive acquisitions, and we'll continue to do that.  If you look, we did about $1.4 billion through yesterday or so, through July so far. But we also completed a number of acquisitions. And in fact, what, over the last call it, 15, 18 months, 7 different acquisitions for about $2 billion while we're also buying back shares.  So we'll continue to do both. As you know, we're in the market regularly. We clearly believe there's real opportunity in the value of our stock, so we'll buy back. But we also look for value-accretive acquisitions. 
Robert Hau: Sure. Yes. So obviously, very positive yield this quarter, was last quarter. There's always variability quarter-to-quarter, and so we try not to get too myopically focused on that calculation within a given quarter. We think it kind of evens out over time. As we continue to provide value-added services, we'll continue to see improvements. We are very focused on adding merchants to our portfolio, i.e., signing up more merchants. We're very focused on selling more products to those merchants. That lifts our PO and drives revenue and margins for the company. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I'm not ready to update our medium-term or long-term outlook. Obviously, the crystal ball these days is a little bit fuzzy in what '22, '23, '24, '25 is going to look like. Look, at the end of the day, we're focused on driving sustainable growth in our revenue. We're up significantly from where we've been historically.  We took up this year -- we said the merchant business, the medium-term outlook was 9% to 12% in our last full investor conference at the end of 2020. In March of this year, we actually took that up and extended it. So we went out to 2025 and said we believe we'll be at 11%.  So we're driving for sustainable growth. That obviously helps the top line. It's growing the bottom line. We took our EPS growth up this quarter for the full year and we'll continue to look for those opportunities to drive overall value by growing the top line, bottom line and generating great free cash flow. 
Robert Hau: And Ramsey, maybe the thing I'd add to punctuate is, at the end of the day, we believe profitable, scaled businesses will perform over time. And competition comes and goes. We'll continue to execute, we'll continue to perform for our clients, and we'll continue to win. 
Robert Hau: Yes, Jason, thank you. If you look at the 3 segments, obviously, we've lifted the full company from 7% to 9% previous outlook to 9% to 11%. So we're above the year -- we're above the midpoint of the -- excuse me, above the medium-term outlook that we've given in the past. In the payment segment, as you pointed out, we said during the prepared remarks that we think it's well within the range of a 5% to 8%.  Merchant, we had previously guided or provided an outlook of 9% to 12%, which is in line with our medium-term outlook. At this point, obviously, given we're 18% year-to-date, we're off to a good start in the third quarter with volumes in July continue to be in line. So we expect that to be above the guidance range or above that 9% to 12% outlook.  And fintech at 4% to 6%, we're 6% year-to-date. I would expect that to be in the range for the full year basis. There are obviously some ebbs and flows with periodic revenue. But overall, we feel good about the growth rate of all 3 of our segments to be at or better than our previous outlook. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I think -- so it varies by segments and varies by business within that segment. If you think about the overall impact of inflation, Obviously, we've got some revenue growth or revenue growth driven by that inflation, but bigger impact from an expense standpoint. We do see that flowing down for the balance of the year. So both a little bit less benefit on the top line but a little less hit on the expense side. So we'll see some margin improvement into the second half of the year. That is the large driver of that, combined with those investments that we're seeing, are driving the reduced growth in our margin. Still up 100 basis points over the prior -- at least 100 basis points over the prior year, but inflation and those investments are certainly driving some of that. 
Robert Hau: James, obviously, if you read the Wall Street Journal or pick up any news report with interest rates and inflation and, obviously, a headwind. Unemployment is quite low, that's remarkably resilient. The consumer balance sheet is quite strong. So overall, we feel pretty good about the visibility near term. It's the '23, '25, we're just kicking off our 2023 budgeting cycle.  At the end of the day, I think one of the keys to think about is the demonstrated resilience of this company in every cycle. So if we were to hit a recession, which I think some people believe we're technically in right now, how deep does that recession go? How long does it last? What's the overall input? Is it a job-full recession? All of that creates some of that murkiness.  But at the end of the day, we have proven to be incredibly resilient throughout those cycles. We've got levers we can pull right now. We are making a decision given the strength of the top line, the ability to invest, and make sure that we are providing continued innovation for our clients. A little bit lower in margin, but actually raising EPS, we think, is the right near term, midterm and long-term decision. But if things were to suddenly go very soft, we've got levers to pull, we'll drive productivity and we'll continue to deliver. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I think 2 things there. One, we're about 85% fixed debt, 15% variable. The -- look, by far, the biggest chunk of that is commercial paper, and there's a balance of commercial paper both in U.S. dollar and euro. Obviously, that's going up, but that is quite a bit lower than fixed rate debt. So we're in good shape there.  And of course, as a company, we have a bit of a natural hedge. We have interest with variable rate debt, but we also have float revenue. So we have cash on the balance sheet that actually generates interest that roughly offsets that variable rate. So overall, rising interest rates, net-net, are actually good for us within reason, given that we're naturally hedged. And higher interest rates are good for our financial institution clients and therefore provide opportunity for us. 
Robert Hau: Yes. I think if you look at the 3 segments kind of in order of what might see impact in a meaningful downturn: Merchant first, followed by payments, followed by fintech. Overall though, we think we proved quite resilient. Obviously, even in 2020, which was a very difficult year by all accounts, we managed to well flat revenue, grow earnings per share double digits, up 12%. And so to the earlier comment I made, we have levers to pull, we have investments, we can mitigate and manage the overall bottom line.  This is the 37th year of double-digit earnings, assuming we deliver on our guidance for the year, which obviously we fully expect to do. That's through lots of different cycles, both good and bad. And so we believe broadly that we'll do quite well. If we see a sudden shock, go back to Q2 of 2020, obviously, at the height of pandemic, everybody took a hit, and we sustained quite well overall. So we feel good about our opportunities to weather storms. 
Robert Hau: Yes. We've previously had been expecting about 100 basis points headwind on revenue from FX. That's now up to 200 basis points, clearly driven by euro and Lat Am, Latin America, largely Argentine peso conversion. But in general, certainly a headwind that everybody is facing. 
