Gary P. Luquette: Thank you, Jeff. Hopefully, the information and commentary we provided for the remainder of 2015 will help you understand where we see the business going. Commodity prices and our customers will ultimately determine what the rest of 2015 will hold for us. We are focused on controlling what we can while ensuring that when the recovery happens, we are poised to be in a leading position to recover quickly and be a reliable predictor of performance. This is accomplished by being nimble within our operations ensuring we have the right people, the right equipment, and maintaining our strong customer relationships while still creating value for our shareholders both, in the short-term and the long-term. Thank you for your time and we will now turn the call over to your questions.
Gary P. Luquette: Yeah. Kurt, I would say, right now, if my recent history, going through the last dip, this is all about cash management right now. So I suspect many of the boards and executive teams of our customers are now talking about another round of capital reductions, cost reductions to try to manage cash now that they're starting to push out the outlook on price recovery later this year or many even into 2016. So it really becomes all about cash management.
Gary P. Luquette: Yeah, Robin. This is Gary. So that's one of the frustrations that we've had in engaging our customers. I mentioned in my opening remarks that they're really focused on today's situation and it's been very difficult to get a good crisp outlook for the remainder of the year and into 2016. It's all about trying to manage today's cash flows and do what they can to bolster cash flow. So, I would say right now, we have a lot of work that has slid to the right. Some of that work is going to be time fused, meaning due to project schedules or lease expiration dates, you can always slide to the right so much before you're up against a decision to drill and drop. And so we are optimistic that some of that work we're going to see in the latter half of this year, some will roll into 2016. And what I think we've seen with some of the buyouts is knocking the top of any projected growth curves, whereas the active rig count that we have now with all the operational challenges that John mentioned earlier that they have, that work is still ongoing albeit less efficient with lot more flat time. So I guess, the way we're looking at it right now and the way we're preparing our organization right now is kind of a flat sort of outlook for the rest of the year for all these reasons why you just can't continue to roll everything over to the right.
Gary P. Luquette: Yeah I'd say, optimistic would be flat with Q1 but realistically, and what we're planning on is flat with Q2.
Gary P. Luquette: It's tough times, dynamic in nature, but we're doing all the right things. We're focusing, we're executing well and it's a may be.
Gary P. Luquette: And we have some examples of that in Q2 where we've been able to pick up work in Latin America, that was ex-plan, that we're good gap fillers for things that were in plan that slipped out of the quarter. So, as John mentioned, it's just very dynamic and very hard to predict but that's one of the things our sales and marketing organization is focused on is continuing to try to win work that's not in the plan.
Gary P. Luquette: Well, I think it depends – well, I would say generally that assumption is correct. It takes a while for that pain to eventually manifest itself in default, but it depends. Some of our competitors and some people in the services sector are already carrying a bunch of debt coming into this tough period, so their ability to participate in that game is going to be shorter than others that have been a little more conservative with the balance sheet.
Gary P. Luquette: Okay. So I think we're through with our questions. So allow me just for a minute or so here to summarize some of the things that you've heard from us today. I think you've heard all of the speakers today refer to controlling what we can. So what we mean by that is we're reducing our cost, but we're doing it in a way that does not compromise our ability to ramp up when the market recovers. We know, for those of us that have been in this industry for a while, it is going to recover. The big question is just when? So we are making sure that all of the short-term steps we take, don't compromise our ability to ramp up when the market returns. We're protecting market share with our blue chip customers. Sometimes that means we have to push a little harder on our returns and our prices than we'd like, but we're going to keep serving our blue chip customers and we'll do that through the period. We're continuing to generate positive cash flows and keep our sterling balance sheet in shape so that we can act on the right opportunity if and when it presents itself. We're continuing our focus in investment, in technology. It's what made Frank's the company it is today and we realize that will allow us to continue to grow market share and hold on to our customers, if we can deliver superior technology solutions. We're continuing our journey from private to public. Recall, our company as a public entity, is coming up on a two-year anniversary in a few months. So we're still quite young and we're implementing improved processes, procedures and organizational capability to be predictable and reliable performer for our investors. We're starting from a good base, ladies and gentlemen. Our objective is to move Frank's from good to great. So I think that wraps up our time with you today. We just thank you for your interest in our company. We thank you for your questions and we hope to hear from you again in the ensuing months. Thank you.
John Walter Sinders: Hi Kurt. It's John Sinders. The M&A market still remains challenging. I mean the bid-ask spread is very high. We're active, we're looking. We're in a few dialogues, but it's incredibly difficult particularly with this recent dip to get any consensus on what the forward market is and therefore get any consensus on a transactional price.
John Walter Sinders: Just to add to Gary's comments, there're a couple of things that we've been reaching out to the clients and obviously looking to the forecast. Remember the seasonality in Q3 and then we've got capital that's normally spent in Q4, but that's offset by some recent announcements with clients pulling out from longer-term rig contract commitments. But talking specifically to the clients, as quite a few of the clients want to move ahead with execution of the wells, but they've obviously got partnerships. In the partnerships, they're not getting partnership approval which is causing things to move into 2016. So there's a lot of moving parts around there and it concludes to Gary's comments about being flat for the Q4 period.
John Walter Sinders: Yeah. So Chase, what we're doing in that regard, I mean we're being very proactive in the standardized process across the company, in the areas which had high activity before such as Africa. We're going through a rationalization plan, standardization plan and that's actually well on its way. So we're certainly hoping to maintain that margin, as Jeff indicated.
John Walter Sinders: Yeah. We're here to just focus on our results. So we're not here to talk about the competitors. It's tough times, it's challenging. But we focus on delivering service quality. Something that Keith Mosing has always said is focus on the customer, keep them there for the long-term and positive things will happen. And that's what we're doing. We're executing well. We've had a great safe quarter. And on a year-over-year basis the first half of the year was outstanding from a safety perspective, so it's about keeping focus and control in what we can control.
William John Walker: Sure. Good morning. Jim, it's John Walker here. So, with regard to the offshore side Gulf of Mexico, first, we delivered a good safe quarter and we focused on what we can control. But from an activity perspective, there was a lot of flat time in Q2. To your point, there was BOP testing, there were logistical movements, loop currents as you mentioned, and also rigs latching on from one well subsea architecture on to another. So, the activity with our client base was reduced but the contracts remained intact. So further to your point, we're not giving guidance but we're going into a seasonality of the loop current season. So I would say that the activity from a measure perspective is going to be similar in nature to Q2. Now, the thing I'd like to highlight is with regard to the clients and the well execution challenges, it's about partnership. How we can work with them with the technology to reduce their flat time and that's a constant effort that we are embarking upon, but we're focusing on what we control, but there was a lot of challenges in Q2 regarding the execution process.
William John Walker: So Jim, John Walker again. You effectively answered the question there. So it is Gulf of Mexico, primarily discounts have expired and clients are coming back for a second round, little bit more assertive in nature. We're working with them, it's in partnership again. U.S. land business of course is challenged and it's been more longer-term there. From an international perspective, we're starting to see the requests around the discount structure, but it's been more of an activity reduction in the exploration side, to this point. James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen. And no matter what you did, 31% EBITDA margin, this is a very nice banner to carry. Good job.
William John Walker: So Robin, just to clarify that. So the 5% to 10% discounts that we talked about previously, the commitment was actually for the first half of the year. Now, we forecast that there was a probability that they would be extended and that's where the prior disclosure came from. But the reality is that they expired in the first half of the year and the clients have come back and asked for some form of extensions and some form of compounded additional discounts. We're here to work with them. It's about the total cost of ownership and lowering the cost and that hopefully clarifies your question.
William John Walker: So as Jeff mentioned, this is John Walker, a bright spot for the company, double-digit growth year-over-year. Something has been very important. And it is Jeff's orientation around continued improvement process in the Kaizen. That's allowed us to have a 15% efficiency in delivering the product on short notice. In this type of business, even in today's environment, there's a lot of spot that comes into play. And when we have the ability to do our inventory and the efficiencies to deliver it quickly, that occurred actually in Q2. And we've obviously taken that into account for the remaining part of the year; so double-digit growth year-over-year for this sector or segment of the business.
William John Walker: Where – so, it's John Walker. Where I think you're going with this one is, we are focused on what we can control, but we've obviously got infrastructure that we have to maintain to provide the service. And the activity of movements in the well architecture in Q3, it was the phase of operations. Recall, Blake, it takes 180 days to execute one of these wells, to drill it and complete it. And it just happened in Q3 – in Q2, I should say, that there were a lot of the wells, the phases of the operations where there was flat time. So, going into Q3, that should not occur. However, that's offset by discount headwinds and seasonality. And then also Q4, the rationale is because of the offset with the clients' more recent declines in well architecture commitments. So that's why we're just leveling at flat based on what Q2.
William John Walker: So this is John Walker, Chase. At the Q3-Q4, we're seeing a reduction in activity due to the more recent results around the exploration side of the business. So from your modeling perspective, I would say it would be going into Q3-Q4. That's activity driven. From a discount perspective, we are talking to clients. We have been in Q2. There's nothing finalized at this point, but there are obviously coming forward and asking for discounts which we're working on them with. So it's a combination of activity and then the discount but I'd model it for Q3 and Q4.
William John Walker: Sure. So, with regard to the activity, the addressable market as far as we are concerned is – recall, we closed seven bases. So we focused on the areas where we could create the most value. And we actually increased market share on the addressable market throughout the Q2. So, the goal was to drive that forward. We have a much more focused sales effort around the whole U.S. platform. We talk about best practices on the platform and applying standardized across the platform. So, I feel that good things will happen in tough times. And recall the discussion around pricing, irrational pricing that's happening at the moment in the broader community. We've got strong balance sheet where strength is at service quality and safety. And as long as we focus on that in the longer-term, we're going to come over this on an exit with the ability to expand again.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. Hi, this is Jeff Bird. Yeah, I think, you should think about something probably in the low-40%s, probably from a 40% to 42% as the average. If you look back at the history, you've seen that balance between 40% and 45% depending in large part on the customer and country mix that we might have in any given quarter, but between 40% and 42% is a good number.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. We don't share the individual margins for land versus Gulf of Mexico, but I think it suffices to say that the U.S. land is clearly our challenged business. We talk about price discounting in a 5% to 10% range and the U.S. land is in excess of that 10%. So obviously, it pulls that number up. I think you should also understand that a lot of the cost actions that we took in the second quarter were U.S. land focused, shutting down seven bases and the vast majority of the head count reduction was U.S. land based as well. So it's a challenged market. We don't quote specific margins or EBITDAs on U.S. land.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. I think the comments that we made – the comments that Gary made in his opening remarks and I made in mine, is that we see the balance of the year much like we saw Q2 with continued pricing pressure and activity pressure, but somewhat offset by the cost reductions that we've got. So that's the guidance we're giving on the balance of the year.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yes. Yes. Yeah, if we look at it, we've historically seen around 20% margins in that segment. As we said on the Q1 call, that was somewhat depressed by the cost that we need to get out of the business. We saw some of that improvement in Q2 and we should see it return to really normal margin levels by Q3 and Q4 around 20%.
Jeffrey J. Bird: I don't think there'll be any change in depreciation. We would see SG&A kick down in Q3 and Q4 from where it is today primarily on two things. One is the cost action that we took in the second quarter. We didn't get the full benefit of those. And second, we did have some of the Timco acquisition and integration cost in the second quarter that we would expect to fall off in Q3 and Q4.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah, because we don't get into specific EBITDA margins around Gulf of Mexico and U.S. land, I'll talk about it in general. But in general, the way you should think about it is we really only had one month of real savings in the second quarter in our U.S. Services segment. So the vast majority of the base closures and the head count reductions were U.S. Services related and we only had one month of that in the second quarter. Third quarter you should get all three months of that.
Jeffrey J. Bird: No. it's not. Obviously, since Timco overlapped a great deal with Frank's, even at quarter end, it becomes difficult to tell the difference between the Frank's U.S. land business and the Timco U.S. land business.
Jeffrey J. Bird: Yeah. This is Jeff Bird. I'll comment a little bit on price and I'll let John talk about activity a little bit. From a price standpoint, I think the thing that you should keep in mind is in the first quarter of the year, we did not experience the full quarter of price reductions. Many of those price reductions happened in January and February. So maybe we had a month or month and a half of those price reductions in the first quarter whereas in the second quarter we had the full effect of those price reductions and I'll turn it to John to talk a little bit about activity.
