Mike Kearney: Thanks, Kyle. To close our prepared remarks, I'll recap several of our strategic priorities on slide 10. First, by the end of Q2, we will have completed the analysis of our geographic footprint to determine the most critical areas for long-term growth across all product and service lines. We believe several current locations are eligible for rationalization or consolidation. Second, we will continue to execute on the international expansion of Blackhawk, tubulars and drilling tools in high-potential areas. These products and service lines will be important drivers of incremental growth and profitability. Even in a slow offshore market recovery, Frank's can realize significant growth through making these offerings available to our existing international customers. Third, we take advantage of opportunities to increase the pricing of our products and services in select areas. We will also elect to not target opportunities that are purely price-focused and conserve our personnel and technology for projects that offer win-win economics for the customer and Frank's. We will be focused on share of wallet rather than share of rigs in the market. Lastly, we will continue to have conversations with acquisition targets that can complement our portfolio and with joint venture partners, where mutually beneficial arrangements can be made that will increase our revenue growth potential and lower indirect cost of service delivery. We are also optimistic that technologies under development will allow for further differentiation of our offering to the customer. Our customers show a strong preference for the differentiated technology we can provide, which increases automation and poses fewer potential risks of injury. We are confident our current roadmap will lead to improved margins for our products and services. James, we'll now turn the line over to you for questions.
Mike Kearney: Yes, I think we have. Obviously, as you know, I don't need to tell you, it's a mixed market out there. We have some markets that have tailed off a little bit, but we're seeing some nice increases in some of our geographic markets. So on balance, we see, I'd say, a slight trending-up from now on through the end of the year. So that's good news.
Mike Kearney: Yes, these aren't massive costs. I would say these aren't massive costs. But when you're operating close to the breakeven point, fairly insignificant cost can show big percentage increases. But they're not massive dollars. But that Caribbean area is really showing continued progress. And so just to get the tools down there, the people, some training, it creates a little bit of headwind. But there's a reason for it. There's a good future down there.
Mike Kearney: Yes, in terms of the evaluation from a strategic standpoint, everything is up for grabs in terms of what we're looking at. We talk about international because we're in so many places around the world, less now than a year or 2 ago but still quite a few bases. On the domestic side, we're going to look at that as well. The margins have been improving over the last year or two. Things are looking better. But clearly, some of our bases have much more volume and better profitability than others. So we're going to take a look at that as well. So we just, we wanted to do the right thing in terms of a cost profile. We've got great employees in these locations. We may, if we reduce in one area, we'll redeploy employees to others. Obviously, the Permian is very hot, people short. So we're just going to look at our overall resource base and make sure we get it deployed the best way possible. But I think the short answer is we just want to be smart about how we approach the market domestically as well as internationally.
Mike Kearney: Okay. Well, thank you. That's all the questions. Appreciate your interest. So as we mentioned, we're becoming more optimistic on the overall trends in the market and our ability to execute on our strategy. Frank's in a strong financial position. And we have the technology and expertise to add value to our customers. And this value that we have translates into better overall performance for Frank's. So thanks very much for your attention today and joining us on the call. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Kyle McClure: Well, this is Kyle. Yes, we've got a lot of work sort of down in the Trinidad, Guyana, Suriname, east coast there off of Brazil. That's a good market right now for us. And as we pick up some additional work scopes down there, we obviously -- we're mobilizing our crews and equipments to get down before that work.
Kyle McClure: Yes, this is a no-brainer investment for us quite honestly. These are good offshore markets for us on the gross margin level, so this is an attractive market for us, has been for some time. And as we pick up more work and we got some more IOCs going to work in these different markets, this is something that we find very attractive from an investment standpoint.
Kyle McClure: I would call it, as Mike mentioned, as kind of a mixed bag internationally right now. We're seeing some pros and some cons out here. West Africa is one of these that's sort of just going sideways. Quite honestly, there's not a lot of – we've got one rig in, one rig out sort of one rig that's kind of going up and down the coast right now. There is not a real trend that I'd call a green shoot in West Africa right now.
Kyle McClure: It depends. I mean, if you're looking out 12 months and you know you want a tender, you can start and embed that in your budgeting and forecast process. There are some that come, I'll say, within weeks. Or you're displacing a particular competitor on rig that you, all of a sudden, have to get equipment rehabbed and mobilized. So it's a little bit depending on which tender, you have a different sort of line of sight with that cost, if you will.
Kyle McClure: Yes. And I'll look to B.J. for this one. But I would say in general, yes, we're seeing a lot more activity. I think internally, we could probably say we've never been busier as it relates to tender activity. I think from a channel – volume and activity standpoint, it's encouraging. And I'll let B.J. maybe chime in on what he's seeing in some of the geo markets.
Kyle McClure: I would tell you it's primarily related to revenues. We've got sort of – amongst the geo markets, you have obviously some winners and some losers within that. I would tell you that on the EBITDA line, we would expect margins to be slightly up over '17. As we sort of start to go through our country analysis, market analysis, footprint analysis, squeezing out additional profits there on the gross margin line within that segment are certainly the primary focus for us right now. But I think revenues will also be flat. I would say margins at this point in time, we look for them to be up. Like I said, we're getting some pretty attractive returns in some nice offshore market right now. But you're also seeing sort of pricing resetting in certain markets year-over-year. And so they're sort of battling each other back and forth. As we pick up some nice work, we're also seeing pricing resetting in certain markets that's a little bit challenging. But I think overall, we see profitability to be up in that market or in that segment rather.
Kyle McClure: Yes, this is Kyle. I'll take the incremental margin question for U.S. onshore. That business, we've talked about, I think, in the past at the gross margin level, right, on the incremental margin for that particular business as a standalone is sort of in the 20% to 30% incremental margin range. We see that as well for going into Q2. Again, that's at the gross or field margin, if you want to call it that. But that's what we've been seeing here in the last sort of 4 to 5 quarters as the team has done a nice job there running that business and picking up additional pricing from time to time in various basins, so call it 20% to 30% incrementals.
Kyle McClure: Yes. So this is Kyle, and I'll give to Scott. As we talked about this in the last call, we expect that business this year to be growing in the sort of 20% range year-on-year coming off a $71 million base of revenue in 2017 and up 20% this year. About half of that growth is going to come internationally. And I'll let Scott maybe talk about the geo markets we see that pull-through coming.
Kyle McClure: Yes, I think the U.S. onshore market has been trending more or less with the overall rig count on land there. The overall onshore, we said we got, we pulled in a little bit in Q1. I think what we're looking at in Q2, we talked about the overall segment being down, that being sort of driven by the offshore space. I think through a month or so here in the quarter, I think we probably feel a bit better about that we did initially as we pick up some additional work there as well. And I think we probably feel -- we're hedging our bets here around U.S. Services right now for Q2. But I think we feel pretty good about that right now.
