Mike Kearney: Sure. I'll take it off and then turn it over to some of our business unit presidents we've got here. In terms of the competitive profile, we are in a very competitive market and we have as you know on the TRS side one large competitor. But when you go into individual markets, there are usually a handful of smaller sometimes local competitors that can be quite good and strong competitors. So, the competitive landscape is still competitive.I think we have picked up market share selectively for a couple of reasons. One is we're really pushing our higher technology offering and secondly and this gets sort of the people plank of our strategy. We've invested a lot of money in sales training over the course of this year and I think we may be starting to see the beginning results of some of that training that we've had in our sales force. But I'll start by turning it over to Steve on the TRS side. Maybe you could give little more granular on the TRS competitive situation.
Mike Kearney: Let me start with Brazil. Petrobras historically has of course been the significant player in Brazil. If you look at the rig data though and the forecast going out two or three years, you can see that Petrobras -- the rig forecast for Petrobras going down and for the IOC is going up and that's good news for us. Petrobras is very, very tough on its vendors price wise. And I think the -- on Petrobras though, we do have an opportunity to bring in some of our specialized tools to try to up-sell and kind of get into the Petrobras story of that way.On the IOCs, we work for them in many locations over the world so -- all over the world. So we've got a very good route to try to sell our story to the IOCs. They're ramping up in Brazil. Other parts of Latin America, the Caribbean is very strong for us and the Mexican side of the Gulf of Mexico is increasing also, but I'll turn it over to Steve if you want to provide little more color on Latin America.
Mike Kearney: Yeah. Good comments, Byron, very observant on your part. But if you take the straight 15% revenue growth and then you look at our first half, the implication is that our revenue is going to be, if you say flat in the third quarter, it definitely implies a fairly significant downward tick in the fourth quarter and that's really not our expectation.So when we say, 15% year-over-year revenue growth, that's really a bare bones of minimum. But I have to say, I'd be very disappointed if all we did was that, because that would target as the $600 million revenue for the year. So look at 15% is kind of a low watermark. It's not really our current expectation.So I don't know if that helps any, but we certainly think that the second half of the year revenue -- because we do have some projects kind of winding off in Q3, we depict that our kind of minimum would be flat revenue in the third quarter. Of course that would imply a pretty strong fourth quarter. So that's kind of the trajectory that I personally see is flattish third quarter and a pretty good bump up in the fourth quarter.
Mike Kearney: Thanks, Sylvia. So to conclude, we expect a solid second half of 2019 and have an optimistic outlook for the continued outflow recovery into 2020. We continue to evaluate ways to improve our operational and financial performance to drive higher returns on capital and free cash flow. We look forward to keeping everyone apprised on our next call. Thanks for your continued interest in Frank’s International.
