Douglas Gray Stephens: Thank you, Kyle. And let me conclude our prepared comments on page 13 by emphasizing the key takeaways from the quarter and for the remainder of the year. So despite the offshore market remaining mostly flat to down, we expect to grow our top line revenues 5% to 10% in the second half versus the first half of 2017. In a company where over 75% of our revenues come from offshore services and product sales, we see this as a very positive trend. It reflects our success in gaining share in international land and shelf, as well as targeted new geographies where we had previously been under-represented. We're also expecting to see significant growth from our Blackhawk and our U.S. onshore business as we catch up to the rig activity over the past 12 months and drive pricing. The introduction and commercialization of new technology will also be a key factor to improving our incremental margin on top line growth. Some of these technologies broaden our traditional service offering and provide the opportunity to increase our revenue per rig while improving customer efficiency, safety, and well integrity. The other components of delivering better margins will be how we manage our costs through disciplined spending and the removal of indirect or unnecessary expenses. Some cost inflation comes with growth, but we are confident we can find ways to improve accountability within our organization and bring more to the bottom line. Taking these steps, in combination with selling some non-essential assets through the remainder of the year, will allow us to achieve our breakeven cash flow target for 2017. And as you know, we're fortunate to have a strong balance sheet that offers the flexibility to allow us to grow through a variety of paths, and we plan to maintain that optionality. Enhancing our product and service portfolio with acquisitions such as Blackhawk give us the ability to grow revenue and profitability in a market that we do not expect to see meaningful improvements in the near to medium term. The recent successes we have seen winning new businesses serves as a confirmation that our customers continue to value our services to meet their well construction needs. And I'm proud of our operational support teams that have maintained focus in doing their job safely and putting the customer first. As the industry continues to find ways to make exploration development projects more productive and economic, Frank's reputation for quality and reliable services will position us to take advantage of new opportunities. But until a full market recovery occurs, we will continue to find ways to grow our business through introduction of new technology and further expansion of our broader service offering across our global footprint. Continued success in accomplishing these goals will allow us to produce attractive returns on capital and generate cash flow to create shareholder value over the longer term. We will now open up the line for your questions.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Yeah. So good morning, Sean. So, thanks for the question. So, yes, I think your analysis is correct is that – look, this is a customer that we have been working for some time. We've worked for them previously and we worked for them around the world, but not here in the Gulf of Mexico for over a year. So, we're very happy with this, and I think our sales team has done a very good job. You are correct. There's pricing pressure in the Gulf of Mexico compared to where we were historically. But I can assure you, we can assure you that the variable margin for this work at the well site is still very good. And with fixed rigs that's coming on-line, this gives us quite a bit of volume to absorb, particularly cost for our operational base in the Gulf of Mexico. And we expect to start this up in Q4. It's not going to be immediate. I think the customers in the Gulf of Mexico are fairly sophisticated and they're very concerned about loss time, so they manage – the management change is quite sophisticated. So, we don't have all the rig charts yet, when we're going to be starting up. We're anticipating starting the first rig in Q4 October-ish and then ramping up the remainder of the rigs through the remainder of this year and into 2018, which is why we haven't indicated a lot in terms of revenue in this year or primarily in 2018.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Yes. These are long-term multi-year contracts that we've signed this for – I won't give you all the details, but this is not a well-by-well type of contract, right? This is a longer-term contract. And we anticipate having a very long-term relationship with this group, with this customer. It's one of our best customers globally, so we anticipate this being longer.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Yeah. So there's a couple of things. So, of course, we're not chasing everything. We are going after specific markets, with these return targeted markets. And there's some countries in the GCC which are very attractive for us where, to some extent, the easy oil is behind them and they're really targeting or having a lot more complex wells. And in certain countries in Asia as well where we haven't had a strong presence as we would've liked, and again there's only a few countries there where there's multi-rig, multi-year contracts available. I think we've done very well on gaining share and winning contracts. That side has gone quite well. Where I think we need more progress is actually being able to ramp up and sell the technology and start generating real margin. So the contracts have been awarded, but we haven't been as quick in terms of generating the revenue and generating the margins as we would like.
Douglas Gray Stephens: So, Brad, there are still some contracts that are outstanding and, of course, there's always rigs coming off and on. But no, we certainly didn't have to give up anything to get this work we have, the infrastructure, the ability to do it. And there is no quid pro quo type of thing, if you give up this, we'll give you that. So we certainly see this as a net gain right now. There are contracts obviously rolling on and rolling off. So there may be some wins and losses elsewhere, but certainly smaller in scope. That's what we're anticipating right now compared to the space that there's not too many customers out there that actually have six rigs working for a multi-year program. So there's not too many opportunities to pick up this type of work. So I guess the net result is, we see a significant increase in our share in 2018.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Yeah. Thank you, Joe. Very good question. No, you're correct. In actual fact, when the acquisition was done, it was anticipated that some of these rental tools would take a bit of time for certification in other markets and it's panning out as planned. So outside of the U.S. we're actually seeing pretty good results, very good results in Mexico thus far in some of the activities going on offshore there. The next places will be further east across the Atlantic, and it would be in Q4 and into Q1 when we really start seeing revenue upticks there and through 2018 when we start seeing meaningful growth in the equipment rentals for Blackhawk, as you've said, as we get the various certification requirements completed.
Douglas Gray Stephens: Okay. So, I just want to take this opportunity to thank everyone who's involved in the call, taking the time and thank you for your participation, your interest in Frank's International.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. So, for the CapEx – hey, Sean. It's Kyle – for the most part, we have all these equipment at the ready. As we think about sort of the 2018 sort of maintenance and growth CapEx, we're not quite there from a budget and process standpoint. But these particular rigs, we've got the assets in play at this point.
Kyle F. McClure: Yes. So if you take a look at Gulf of Mexico which did $16 million in the quarter, we have that coming down by kind of 15% into Q3 and then kind of holding flat into Q4. So the decremental margins in Gulf of Mexico will come in at 100%. So, it's sort of a tough headwind. It's worth dollar per dollar coming out, and we haven't really layered in the six rigs on our back-half forecasted. As we said, we don't have the sort of the schedule to kind of feel comfortable putting that out there in the public domain at this point in time. So, the puts and takes on International, you're going to get nice incremental margins here sort of across the board. But as we look at the U.S. services segment, obviously, we've got our sort of global sort of organizational support and corporate overhead sitting there. And then, you got the headwinds sort of as the Gulf of Mexico deleveraging happening in that space there. U.S. land will be a good story in the back half of the year as we continue to see that pick up nicely. But when you're dealing with sort of 50% variable margins at the well site, those guys coming offline has a pretty big impact on us for the incremental headwind at this point in time.
Kyle F. McClure: I would say they're predominantly offshore. We've got some onshore in the Middle East, but by and large it's offshore.
Kyle F. McClure: Yes. This is Kyle. It's a good question. If you look at our U.S. services segment kind of where we sort of pile all of our organizational global support and kind of corporate overhead business buckets. So, we have sort of a lot of cats and dogs sort of piled into the segment here. So as we have a one-off expense flow-through in the company really impact this segment from quarter-to-quarter, I wouldn't anticipate sort of the property taxes, or professional services either – we sort of joke around here a little bit which is sort of the loss, small number that we are in right now that if you have a $1 million unanticipated, unaccrued for expense come through in the quarter, it really kind of throws that segment out of kilter. And so, that's what we're sort of calling out there, is that we have a one-off property tax that we didn't anticipate coming in, in the quarter or professional services fee that we didn't anticipate as well. It's all sort of housed in this bucket. So, we wanted to sort of make sure people are aware that this segment has some sort of underlying cost volatility to it.
Kyle F. McClure: Not this time, I think we're still obviously – we made the announcement last year. On this day, we still have some tail on this from just the underlying investigation cost. Obviously, we'll call it out in the reconciliation to adjusted-EBITDA, but no real time to provide any kind of – on the tail for that spend.
Kyle F. McClure: Yes. So, I think if you're going to sort of think about the rest of the year, I think we would probably think that $25 million number as more likely to kind of be a run rate here in the near term. We obviously look at sort of opportunities around that cost structure here internally and what opportunities we might have there. But likely for the back half of the year, we should probably be thinking sort of closer to that $25 million number for Q3 and Q4.
