Kyle F. McClure: Yeah, sure. So, I think we're obviously always in the market screening deals to see what's out there. I think putting the revolver in place we had one expire in August of this year. It's just a good practice financially for us. We've still got $215 million (20:36) on the balance sheet. But feel like just having that out there to give us some financial flexibility as, obviously, we're screening through various deals from time to time just to make sure we're not having to put that in place the last second, just the additional flexibility for us.
Kyle F. McClure: Right. So, this is Kyle. I'll take the first part of this question. I'll let Steve kind of fill in some of the color commentary that's going on in the market. I think from a top line standpoint, we obviously saw the mix in the Gulf of Mexico have a nice tailwind in the quarter, and got on a couple of new rigs and more of a completions-based work. (21:59) incremental margin flow through. The other half of the coin here is really on the G&A side. The segment absorbs the large majority of our, call it, $37.5 million in the quarter, G&A fits in this particular segment, and that was down substantially in the quarter as well as our cost-reduction initiatives continue to work their way through the P&L. And I'll let Steve kind of take you through some of the color commentary on U.S. land, as well as Gulf of Mexico.
Kyle F. McClure: Yeah. That's the expectation here internally. We've gone through a number of efforts internally throughout the year to kind of contain that cost either just sort of being from an attrition standpoint, reduction standpoint. We're now at a point where it's no longer that we're doing reductions. It's more of a sort of concerted effort to control that cost, either through folks leave the company. We're not going to backfill positions in certain cases and we've got I think a pretty good handle on at this point, whether it be professional services or headcounts. So, I think that would continue to be going down from this point would be our expectation.
Kyle F. McClure: Okay. Well, it looks like that concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. Thanks everyone for joining. Have a great rest of your day and get out and vote. Take care.
Steve Russell: Yeah. Good morning, Brad. So I think on U.S. land, we've had some market share gains over the last few quarters, and I'd also seen some pricing leverage in the market. Now, going forward, I'm always nervous to give guidance on U.S. land in Q4 with the holiday periods and the weather and whatnot. But we're still seeing robust demand for our services in the underlying market. I think in the Gulf, again, we've seen some market share gains during Q2 and Q3, and they're pretty robust from a contractual perspective. To reiterate Scott's comments earlier, I would say the Gulf is looking sort of flattish activity year-on-year. So I'd think we'll be more in a sort of a hold and sustain mode in the Gulf rather than continue growth going forward.
Steve Russell: Yeah, Brad. I mean, there is some movement within the Gulf depending on whether the rigs are in completion or drilling mode. I wouldn't characterize it as double digit, so less than that generally.
Steve Russell: Well, in the short term, we're not seeing huge pressure on that. Obviously, we're watching particular basins and specifically the Permian activity levels going forward and we will adjust accordingly. But right now, we're not seeing that pressure at this point.
