Peter Kelly: So, great questions. Let's talk about Q4 to Q1, first of all. So, Q1, we go from 52.9% to 53.5%. I think, I said last quarter that utilization -- on the utilization rather would impact us about 150 basis points in Q4. So we'd have that level of benefit in Q1. As it turns out, because of these, the need to self-isolate, and instead of again a 150 basis points of improvement from Q4 into Q1, we've only got about 70 basis points. So that 52.9% to 53.5%, the 60 basis points is really made up of three big things C.J. So we pick up 70 basis points from improved factory performance, 20 basis -- sorry from the utilization, 20 basis points from improved factory performance above and beyond what we were expecting, and at about 30 basis points of headwind because of our annual price reductions. So that's from Q4 to Q1. Then if you say, okay, well in Q4, you did 53.5% why aren't you running -- sorry, from 52.9% to 53.5%, why aren't you running 55%. That 150 basis points is really made up from two things. There's about -- in period there is about 50 basis points of underutilization very roughly and about 100 basis points of mix. And the issue in mix really is one of our comm infra business. So our comm infra business in the first half is relatively weak. And auto and mobile are relatively strong. And then we think as we move through the year that -- and as kind of 5G progresses, we'd see an improvement in -- we'd see an improvement in our mix over time. Did I -- and right your other question was about pricing, right. So pricing is really mixed, okay. So we're seeing some suppliers trying to put up the prices to us. But we'd -- in the same way that we have long-term contracts with our customers, we have similar contracts with many of our suppliers. So it's a bit of a mixed bag really. Having said that, we however seen price increases. And where we have them, we will endeavor to pass those on to our customers. You made an interesting comment actually about how quickly you can do it. So I think what we will actually see is hopefully we'll be able to pass them on pretty quickly, but you could always have a month or two when -- or I guess even a quarter when you can't really pass them on that quickly. So, it's the disturbance rather than a fundamental issue. We would like to say that we don't see the current environment as an opportunity to structurally improve our margins. We are now a commodity business. We don't increase our prices when times are tight and reduce them when times are good, but did I manage to cover everything there? I know there was [indiscernible].
Peter Kelly: I think the levels of business we are at the moment, we should be running at about 55%. I mean we think it will get a little bit carried away, because it's not many dollars that moves that 50 basis points either way.
Peter Kelly: I think it's definitely second half, Stacy. And one of the single biggest items is our comm infra being a bigger percentage of our overall business than it is today, yes.
Peter Kelly: Okay. Vivek, we've been amazingly predictable. Okay. So our stated capital allocation policy is we will return all excess cash to shareholders up to a level of 2 times net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA. The reason we didn't return even more in 2020 is because for most of the year we were above 2 times net debt to EBITDA with the weak performance in Q2. So depending on what your model is, you should assume that all excess cash up to a level of 2 times net debt that's [ph] returned to shareholders. So, yes, it will be substantially higher in 2021 than it was in 2020. Same way 2019 was substantially higher than 2020, and we definitely would not use it to delever the balance sheet.
Peter Kelly: But the issue is the EBITDA. So you need to look at how Q2 and Q1 fall off, and Q3 and Q4, which is better come on, which gives us more capacity to buyback stock.
Peter Kelly: Okay. Right. I guess, I'd say a couple of things really, Ross. You can look to really big numbers in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, just if you do some change our math [ph] on our months of supply and -- sorry, months of inventory and distribution, but I'm not sure how relevant it is really. So in theory, we could have shipped hundreds of millions of dollars of more, but then I don't know to what extent you be then pulling that out of Q3 and Q4. We're seeing strength across our businesses. Obviously, there's a lot more reporting in the automotive sector, because they are having real supply issues and having to maybe close down factories in certain cases and you talked about people not being able to work for weeks at a time which is maybe different than you see in some of the smaller customers who don't have the same megaphone. But even in those areas, they are seeing problems. So I would say it's pretty general, and I'll go back to one of Kurt's comments, which was 2019, the supply chain really got -- really got empty, demand was very weak. We really forgot about '19 in the context of COVID. And then in the first half of '20, we had absolutely the same issue. So we're looking at pretty empty supply chains across the board. To some extent, it's exacerbated by maybe people moving into the big Taiwanese foundries outside of China buy the -- the fact that people thought maybe they would not be able to buy product out of China. I think trying to pass it to really individual situations is absolutely very difficult. I would say, in theory, we could have shipped a lot more. Effectively, we're sold out for Q1. And we're just spending huge amount of time [indiscernible] customers, making sure that they keep their factories going, which is why Kurt made the comment that we don't think anything we're shipping at the moment is going into inventory. We think it's all going into building products, and we think it's going to be quite some time and we wouldn't speculate exactly when. So when we get to a point that that becomes more balanced and everyone can start to breathe normally.
Peter Kelly: We want to run 16% of R&D and -- 16% of revenue for R&D and 7% for SG&A. In actual fact, the increase in dollars from Q4 to Q1 is essentially -- in fact it's nearly all non-exec variable comp. So it's just incentive. So we're keeping a tight hand on OpEx. We won't spend ahead of revenue really. But we would like to run 16% of R&D and 7% of SG&A. And in the very short-term for Q1, the increases all -- increases in compensation -- in variable comp accruals.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Hi, C.J. So I think actually and that might sound ironic, but that's not what I mean. It actually improves the engagement because I have probably never spend so much time with our customers as of today. And while certainly this is a challenging moment for everybody in the chain, there is a lot we speak about the future in terms of how do we best deal with this on a go forward basis because everybody recognizes the enormous relevance of semiconductors in building cars. So thinking about trends, thinking about aligning forecasts on a more mature basis is definitely a positive result out of this. So, I don't think this is a negative. I think, it is actually something we as an industry altogether are learning from how to avoid these things from happening in the future. And the way to do this is just a much closer collaboration than we've had along the chain. And what I mean is really not only with our Tier 1 customers, but also with the OEMs directly. And that is obviously great for innovation at the same time.
Kurt Sievers: Hi, Stacey. First of all, you are hinting to seasonality in a way. I think in the current environment, none of the historic seasonality patterns is really applicable. So certainly this is a very strong Q1, if you did hold it against historic patterns, but let's not forget that we are coming off actually two kind of disturbed and weak years. I mean everybody talks about the impact of the pandemic on 2020, but also 2019 was not a strong year in semiconductors. So from that perspective, I think we are just really coming out of a longer-term down, which indeed hints to what I said on the -- in the prepared remarks earlier, we do see a pretty robust demand environment all through the year also beyond Q1.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Sure, Vivek. So, let me start with what IHS is telling us. For this year in units for auto and that would be around 85 million units, which if that comes it's like 14% year-on-year growth in units. This is the IHS number. We've always used that internally. I would tell you from my very, very frequent discussions over the past couple of weeks and also at the ending of last year, I think the sentiment in the auto industry is possibly even above that. So maybe more 85 million to 90 million units in what the car companies thinks to achieve. But a lot of that is obviously based on the assumption of, say, the second half of the year being fully vaccinated, society coming back to more normal lives and that actually being another push for auto production and auto sales. Again, the former number of 85 million units, which would be a 14% growth. But you were hinting to the other half of this discussion, which is actually content, because clearly the fact that we've been 7 points faster than the SAR last year is thanks to content growth and thanks to our specific play in our high growth areas like radar and electrification BMS, digital clusters, which actually did not decline. So our growth businesses, and you know that's about a quarter of our auto business. Those parts of our auto business did not decline last year. They actually had growth even in a year where the SAR was, I think, last year down by something like 16%. And we see the content growth certainly going at the same rate going forward. One really strong element is the CO2 targets, which translates then often in electrification. But this is not just about the -- say the electric engines, there is a lot of other applications, which are coming in tune with electrification, which is overall driving the semi content in the car massively. So, all in all, I would say, I think it is safe to assume the 85 million units for this year, which is a 14% growth for SAR. And definitely our algorithm of outgrowing the SAR as we spoke about it before does stand strong also in this year. Now, one last element on this, which everybody tries to understand currently is about the inventory levels. I think at the moment from anything we can see, the supply chains through the auto world are empty. And I say that because I know that every single product we are shipping is immediately built into a car, so that there is just nothing going on a sideline, it all goes through into production immediately. That's why we also clearly said we are supply constrained for the first quarter. And as a reaction to this, I hear quite a few people in the industry speaking about the desire to actually ask for more inventory along the chain in automotive going forward. There is one large U.S. OEM which actually made even a public statement about how much chip inventory they would like to see at their first-tier customers. So if you model this on top of the content gains and SAR growth, which we just spoke about, then I think there is a good reason to believe there is a multiple quarter growth pattern ahead of us.
Kurt Sievers: Thanks, John. Let me take away the Huawei thing first of all. We are here conservative and we don't assume any moves on the licensing, et cetera, with Huawei, so that's not part of the plan anyway. What makes us actually optimistic for the second half is mainly our portfolio. I think we talked about our gallium nitride, both product as well as production capability, getting online at the end of last quarter. And I can actually probably say that in the meantime, all the products are qualified, and more importantly, they are qualified at this handful of important customers. And since this is new for us because we haven't had this gallium nitride capability really in the first place, we absolutely see that we will gain share on that basis with the further rollout of the infrastructure in the -- in this coming year. And yes, we believe this is kind of back-loaded more towards the second half of the year versus the first half, but the driver is really the gallium nitride penetration which we are foreseeing.
Kurt Sievers: Well, I mean we only guide the first quarter here, John. So I will not provide guidance for the full year in mobile. But certainly our focus on further driving penetration with the mobile wallet, where I think I spoke about the -- hitting the 40% attachment rate at the end of last year, and we think we are perfectly on track to get this to a 50% rate through this year. And secondly, we have the emerging ultra wideband, and you've probably followed the most recent announcements of Samsung, who actually brought now another couple of phones out which are carrying ultra wideband, and that is now also spreading into associated ecosystems, which I think makes it even more attractive. I think Samsung spoke about digital car keys for a couple of car companies, and they also spoke about actually their first move now into the IoT world, which is a product which they call the Smart Tag Plus which is like a small finder device, which you can attach to something, and then you will find it with your phone. Now, all of that is going to help with Samsung, but of course also with the other OEMs, drive further and speedy ultra wideband adoption in line with what we did in the Investor Teach-In some time ago. So those two pillars are standing firm, and I'd say, certainly some of the big OEM customers also have good run rates, John, but I would say for us, it continues to be a content growth story. Secure mobile wallet, secure ultra wideband, and then you know, we also had the eUICC which is coming in, so there is a number of very specific content drivers which make us actually quite optimistic in mobile on a continued basis beyond the unit rate.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Sorry, I didn't respond to this in the first place. I think actually in principle this is not dependent or required as an association with 4G or 5G, specifically. Clearly, 5G will be about high-end phones in the first place, where the early adoption of these features might be first. But it is not necessarily something which is dependent on 4G or 5G, so which is good actually. So, we are kind of agnostic to that.
Kurt Sievers: Hey, Bill. So I mean, you know, we just don't comment on M&A in these calls. But what is relevant is that as it relates to our strategic focus and our say belief in our power of differentiation, we continue to be super -- really super confident that with the portfolio which we have actually largely achieved, or to a good extent also through M&A achieved, is in a very good position. I mean, let's not forget that these trends in secure edge processing solutions which we have is a result of the free scale acquisition a couple of years back, and then further complemented by the wireless acquisition from Marvell about one year back. We are proud that we've been able to successfully integrate all of this and actually are now in a position to come out with solutions, with products, which are building on the IPs from these different former deals. And from anything I've seen relative to the deals you mentioned, we don't see this as a threat to that competitive decision, which we have. So while I don't want to comment in general on M&A, I would say, it doesn't touch our trust and our confidence with the strategic focus which we have. I continue to believe that full steam execution on what we have is a very, very high value endeavor.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. I mean, indeed, well, we've all seen that movie before. I couldn't agree more that there is this element, which is creating a bubble eventually. But I would really highlight, and I said it from very, very hands on practically experience currently, everything we ship goes into production that it isn't piling any inventory at any place. And I can also again emphasize it is broad. I mean, you'll read and see a lot about automotive, as Peter said, because that is very prominent, when it comes to publications. But it is much broader. We have that same surge in demand in our other markets. So that makes me believe that at least at this point in time, this is not about inventory building. Now certainly we will continue to watch this very carefully, because again, we've seen this before, we have our controls, we know what to look after, but now is not the time to be worried about that. So we clearly see this demand continuing for a couple of quarters without building unnecessary inventory. The only -- I wouldn't say exception, but the one thing specific, which I believe could become a growth trend which is then nothing wrong but something to be conscious about is possibly the fact that the auto industry will want to have along the supply chain higher inventory levels than they used to have. Just learning from the current experience and trying to mitigate any future disruptions. That would be then building inventory, but it wouldn't be a bubble, but it would be a very conscious and very say targeted building of inventory. But again from anything we can see with our product, this is -- we are far from this at this point in time, but it could become something which happens maybe later in the year.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Now, absolutely, I mean we are actually quite proud about our performance in Industrial, since -- even last year, which clearly was a very difficult year for the industry, our industrial business on a full year basis did grow by 15% year-on-year. And as you've seen from the guide, we have the confidence, we continue this. It's really carried by the solution capability made up by the cross-over processors. I mean, it's the whole processing portfolio, but specifically the cross-overs are delivering on the promise coupled with our WiFi capabilities. And you might have seen just in -- in Q4, we launched our first, and what I think is really an industry-leading 2x2 Wi-Fi 6 solution, which is a result of the Marvell acquisition. But getting this altogether into solutions is actually doing what we wanted to see. Now there is one other element with this, which I think is a driver for the growth for NXP particularly in that segment and that is our exposure to China. That's also I think the background for last year's strong performance because China left the pandemic from an industrial performance perspective behind them already in the second quarter. So, if you will, China had three strong quarters last year, and our industrial business has a quite big exposure to China. So we've been benefiting from this and we see this continuing into this year.
Kurt Sievers: It's across the Board, Blayne. So yes, we are also impacted by the tightness of supply in our Industrial business. I can't really talk about lead times, because it really differ. I mean we have a number of products with very normal lead times, but we also have a couple of products with 52 weeks lead time. So there is not one answer to this question. The only thing I can say is that, yes, Industrial is also impacted by the tightness of supply.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks very much, operator. Yes, I think, in summary, it is fair to say that if we just for a minute look back to last year, last year has really been a year with two phases; a very grim and very difficult year in the first half, and then a definitely faster than anticipated recovery in the second half. And given all the discussions which we've had about supply and demand, it is fair to say that we believe it's only the start of the recovery. This will continue through the calendar year 2021 and we see that our specific end market focus of NXP with a lot of strength in Automotive, with a lot of very specific strength in the Mobile and in Industrial & IoT gives us actually a very good opportunity to benefit from this continuing recovery into this calendar year. The one segment we've certainly been less happy with is the comms infra segment, as we discussed, but also there, given the new product introductions in gallium nitride, we are optimistic on the second half of the year, which is a strong driver for our mix when you think about our margin targets. And with that, I thank you all for dialing into the call, and most of all, please all stay safe and stay healthy. Thank you very much.
