Kurt Sievers: Yes, good morning and thanks, Ross. Yes, the answer is a blunt yes. We could have shipped more into the channel against open orders actually in this fourth quarter, and that especially into the consumer IoT part of our segments. But as I mentioned, given the whole macroeconomic uncertainty, we just feel it is a much more prudent approach to actually limit this channel inventory at this very low level of 1.6 months and mind you that the delta to 2.5 months in terms of revenue would be about $500 million. And that's the level of open orders, which we would easily have, which we could serve. But we think it's more prudent because it's unclear how the macro is going to further develop and how the demand in that part of the market is going to develop. So we feel it's a better idea to keep what we have already in the pipeline to keep in-house and on the balance sheet, also for eventually being in a position to redirect it to other customers. Now that's the one side of the house. I just have to also remind you that at the same time, Ross, we have this real situation that in the auto and core industrial side of the house, we have the opposite situation. We do not have enough supply, so we continue to be sold out. And also there, we could actually -- if only we have the supply, we could make more revenue in quarter four. We have a lot of open orders, which are very real. We checked all of them, but can't really serve them. But again, back to your initial question, yes, we could sell more, but we found it is much more wise to stick to this very low channel inventory of 1.6 months at this time. It's not a long-term target, though, but at this particular period in the cycle, we feel it's the best thing we should do.
Kurt Sievers: Hey C.J. good morning. Let me first go at the repurposing or the potential for repurposing of capacity. So first of all, yes, I can confirm directionally that indeed repurposing between internal and external is very limited. I mean that's really how we've built our supply strategy. When you then think about within internal and within external, repurposing between the different segments which we serve, and that's now specifically between the more consumer-oriented versus the more auto or core industrial-oriented markets to a limited level, it is possible.  It is typically not at all possible on a finished product level. So once the product is completely manufactured. And sometimes program, we have hardly any products which are swappable. However, if you still speak about buyback, inventory for example, we do have the opportunity with several process nodes to actually swap between those markets, but not with all of them.  I'll give you one example which is quite sizable for us. We have a lot of product going in 55 nanometers with embedded nonvolatile memory that for example, is very, very purely automotive, which means we are sold out we are short in that technology, but that same technology is also not used for any of the consumer applications. So the demand drop in consumer doesn't really help us there.  However, there is other technologies, like 90 nanometers or 180 nanometers, where we can do this if the product is not yet finished goods. So it's a bit of an in between, but we have some liberty here. And that is also the reason why, amongst others, for example in parts of our [indiscernible] market in Q4, we start to see acceleration in our revenues because we actually could swap some of our existing capacity into those markets like the e-government markets or RFID markets, which were super constrained over the past 8 quarters.  On the margin side, I'd say there is quite some variation of margin within each of the segments. So you cannot easily draw conclusions between the four revenue segments, what their mix is and what it means to the end margin of the company. It is more sophisticated, to be fair. Bill I'm not sure if you want to go a little bit deeper. But in the end, you cannot draw conclusions on the level of the total segment.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. It really started in, I'd say, August and then going into October to quite significantly drop. But again, of course, our approach to stick to the 1.6 level of month of channel inventory gives this a different color, CJ. I mean, in former days, honestly, we would just have kept shipping. So we it would have felt like, oh, finally, we get the channel inventory up. Now, it's very much our choice that we said we don't want to do this, and that's why it sees quite a harsh decline. But again, as I explained earlier, we think that's the better way to do it. But again, it started in August time frame. I would say, it's the consumer IoT market globally which is softening. It's just such that we have a relatively sizable exposure to China. But it's not that the non-Chinese consumer IoT customers would be still very resilient. I think this is globally weakening, but it hits us harder from a China perspective. And this is also where we have a very large channel exposure, which is why this general approach which I explained earlier, I think, makes a significant difference in how we want to deal with it.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. First of all, let me just indeed unfortunately confirm that the sequential flat in auto into Q4 is purely a function of supply. I wish it was different, but it is a straight function of supply. Now it still has a nice year-on-year growth, by the way, but the sequential is a supply limitation. In general, many microcontrollers, if not all, in our portfolio and the large part of the analog products, which we have, continue to be significantly supply constrained in automotive. And that is after a very careful and very thorough analysis of the demand in this whole web from the OEMs through to Tier 1. So I think we have more transparent and more detailed discussions than ever before in trying to understand that. And it really shows also, given the NCNR order level which we are getting in automotive for all of last year, that those constraints will continue to be in place through a large part of next year, depending, of course, on how the supply possibly further improves above the visibility we have today. But with our current supply visibility, we will continue to be sold out in the automotive market through next year. If you’d ask me how much was the gap to true demand, probably it is in the order of -- that we have a supply coverage of 85% next year in Automotive and core Industrial versus true demand. Now there is still this golden screw problem, so I don't want to take this off the table. So sometimes one component is indeed missing from us or from another peer in the market, and then it takes a few weeks until stuff is being flushed through. But that doesn't take away that there is overall shortage in the key microcontrollers and analog products.
Kurt Sievers: Thanks, Bill. Let me maybe just add that one view on next year when it comes to automotive since you were asking earlier. We see no reason why the strong trend of content increase following, amongst others, electrification and ADAS would break. I think every quarter, we look at the ratio of electric cars of the total SAAR is higher than in the quarter before. For this year, we see now 27% of the total SAAR being ex EVs. And for next year, it's forecasted to be 34%. And you know what that means for the semiconductor content in a car. So from that perspective, I think there is, from a demand view, certainly good reason to believe that it continues to be a very strong and very resilient market, while at the same time, the extended supply chain in our view continues to be underfilled. It is still actually dysfunctional, because it is still too low level. So those two perspectives should maybe add to a pretty healthy view from an automotive demand perspective on 2023.
Kurt Sievers: Stacy, we have no cancellations or push-outs in auto or core industrial. At the same time, I don't have a crystal ball, and I don't want to take a position here to be the economic schedule is for the macro for next year. But -- so this -- also this guidance here is based on the orders and the supply capability which we have at hand for quarter four. But I can absolutely confirm no push-outs, no cancellations in core Industrial and Auto. And the one indicator which gives maybe a somewhat better feel on the longer term is the level of inventory sitting in the extended supply chains in those two markets. And from anything we can check and see there, that level continues to be super low. And that's why we continue to believe it should stay very resilient.
Kurt Sievers: We will not speak about the mix because then it really becomes complicated. But it is not that we do not ship at all in the channel. We ship into the channel to keep a steady level of 1.6 months of inventory. So it's not to say that this is so dramatic that we have to stop all shipments. That's not how it works. We just -- we are very disciplined. Bill and I are actually sitting every week as we look at the sell-through and sell-in data with each of our distribution partners by segment. And then we make sure every week, that's not only at the end of the quarter, that's true for the quarter, that it doesn't surpass the 1.6. The change we wanted to communicate today is only that, so far, honestly, for eight quarters in a row, I was desperate to get it up. I mean, I would have wished we could have shipped more into it, in order to have a higher channel inventory. Now given those consumer trends, we are actually more disciplined to make sure it doesn't go higher, especially in those parts where actual demand is -- but it doesn't mean there is zero shipments.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, Stacy, we are limiting shipments. But I mean I think about it this way. The industrial IoT segment is 18% of the total revenue of the company, and 40% of that is the consumer IoT, and that's still not at a zero shipment level. So it is not that dramatic from a change perspective.
Kurt Sievers: We really don't have it broken down that way, but we’ll still -- the key shortages in the core industrial are indeed continuing to be highly escalated and quite painful. So I think I can repeat the statement I made earlier that while there continues to be a lot of public reports about the shortages in auto and much less noise about industrial, in our case, in the core industrial, we continue to be as short as we used to be before. I said it earlier, I think, in the context of a different question. Say for the next couple of quarters, I think about four or five quarters, we believe after risk adjusting our demand, we should have about 85% coverage against -- that used to be 80%. So you see we are five percentage points higher, but that is not necessarily because the supply capability in auto or industrial has gone up so much, it is just that the consumer IoT demand on the other side or for the total company has dropped such that in aggregate for the total we come up to 85%. But it continues to be equally painful in auto and industrial than it used to be.
Kurt Sievers: It's got nothing to do with channel or inventory, because we put the same discipline on all segments. Now it has to do with our strategy, which is really on content growth. Think about the mobile wallet. Think about the kicking in ultra wide bands. And we also have, I'd say, directionally, it's not black and white, but we have a bias to higher-end mobile phone market, which comparably is doing better this year than the very low-end Android. So I'd say, therefore two answers. Our company-specific content increase in share gains are working out. I mean, that is very much in line with how we put it a year ago at our Investor Day. And secondly, you might say we are in a good position because we are somewhat more exposed to the higher end rather than the feature phones, with the Android phones.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So first of all, of course, at all times, we will 100% make sure that we are in total compliance with any export control regulations, and so we are also after these latest changes. All of our assessment so far of these latest changes in the regulations show that, if anything, we have super immaterial impact on our revenues. When it comes to second or third order effect, which you were hinting to, also there I must admit we haven't really found anything, which looks like being an issue for us. But of course, we keep researching it. But at this point, I can only say no, if anything, only super immaterial impact.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Matt. So we -- I give you here two answers. The one is the short term. So when it comes to the guidance for Q4 is really based on orders at hand. I mean we don't -- it holds a bit done, but we don't make these strategic considerations for the next three months. This is really about orders and supply capability. Longer term, say next year, again, I don't want to say I have the crystal ball. So we use IHS typically for the SAAR, which I think just updated their forecast for next year for a 4% SAAR growth to, I believe, something like 85 million units. However, it really isn't that important at all. What really matters is the content increase, which has a lot to do with the mix to e-vehicles, premium vehicles and other features kicking in. So I think the whole discussion around interest rates and recessions looming left and right, I agree with you it could have impact on the demand behavior of people buying cars. But unless that drops incredibly far down, I believe that the content -- semiconductor content per car is actually dumping the moves on the SAAR itself. And that is for us much more relevant. But again, I mean, we don't guide next year. I don't know what it is going to be, but we really should more and more start to look at this as a semiconductor company and industry from a content perspective rather than a unit perspective in automotive.
Kurt Sievers: Well, actually, we not only look at it, but we work the system end-to-end. So we are also very busy with companies building and providing the charging infrastructure. I think we have revealed earlier, so I may use the name. We work closely with ChargePoint, for example, in the US. And that is not only on the charging, but that even includes payment to make this a very seamless process for the consumer. So our payment and identification and security technologies are also being included in this. So yes, we look at it as a -- from a total end-to-end basis. However, I have to say this still means we are not going into discrete power. So whenever these systems and wherever they need discrete power solutions, so like silicon carbide, this is not our focus. Our focus remains on the advanced analog and logic products, which we think is about 50% of that opportunity.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Indeed, that is strategic requirement, which, in many cases, OEMs are and have been putting on Tier 1s. My guess is -- it's very hard to get the full picture of this, but my guess is that in some few cases, they start to be able to start building somewhat on a lot of those core products which are plaguing us and others from a sheer built performance perspective, they are very, very far from achieving anything in this, because, again, even before that would happen, the whole supply chain, the whole extended supply chain needs to build a higher inventory level. That's not just in one company, but it's just that the whole trade becomes more functional. So, I would say, given the end demand trends and how I would judge the supply capability of us and the industry, this will take all of next year still, before we come even close to that requirement.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Toshiya, so as a good practice, as we've done for last year, we will provide the full year pricing impact for calendar year 2022 in quarter one of 2023. It's still very, very dynamic, I would almost say day-in, day-out. So we will give you and provide you the aggregate pricing impact on our revenue growth for this year in Q1 of next year. From an overall dynamic perspective, we continue to see quite sizable cost -- input cost decreases to us. That is from the foundry partners, but there's also a lot of other inflationary cost increases. And, of course, we absolutely walk the talk that we stick to our strategy to pass on those input cost increases to our customers to exactly that level that we can protect our gross profit percentage. And seeing how the supply-demand imbalance in our core markets is moving into next year, I guess, it is reasonable to assume that we will continue to raise prices also next year. We are now so much to the end of 2022 that I think it's fair to say it's highly likely that we will also continue next year's prices, just following those input cost increases.
Kurt Sievers: So let me quickly take the utilization, and Bill is going to speak about CapEx. On the utilization, yes, we will stay very, very highly utilized because, as Bill put it earlier, the majority of our internal front-end factories are working for automotive and core industrial. So that's exactly there where we see the strong demand continuing, and that's why the utilization rates there will stay very high. Bill, over to you for CapEx.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. I guess that gets us to the end of the call. So in summary, I would say we are cautious in the near-term given all the macro uncertainty. However, under the surface, we see what I call the dichotomy, which is really a very disciplined approach to a weakening consumer IoT market, where we want to stay ahead of the game and not trap the channel while, at the very same time, we continue to be supply constrained quite significantly in our core industrial and automotive markets, where we try to do everything in-house and with our foundry partners to get the supply the soonest in line with the pretty resilient demand signals, which we are having. And that sets it for the call today. Thank you all very much. Thank you.
Bill Betz: Yes. Thanks, Ross, for your question. And you're right, we did slightly better than our guidance driven by the higher revenues and fall-through. One area I think we need to understand a little bit better is that our internal utilizations remain in the high 90s as we are still well constrained specifically in our auto. And if you think about internally, more than two-thirds of our capacity is just pinpointed to our IP proprietary mixed-signal, auto-centric capacity internally. And we are constrained. As you heard Kurt mention, we are sold out, and we expect this to be well-utilized all throughout 2023. Second, as mentioned on previous calls, you're right, we mentioned we'd stay in a tight range, delivering toward our high-end model. And I think we've demonstrated that, and it's incorporated in our Q4 guide. And more longer term, what gets us to 58% is really those new product introductions, which are further out in the journey, I would say.
Bill Betz: Hey Vivek, this is Bill. Let me take this one. First off, we're not guiding 2023, but let me go into the internal inventory and try to summarize for everyone. Yes, we've increased five days, which is about 50% raw material and work-in-process. And the remainder was in finished goods from a quarter-over-quarter perspective. Clearly, as Kurt mentioned, a portion of these finished goods was driven primarily by NXP preventing inventory buildup in the channel as we reroute this material to other customers in need or some of it's fungible and some of it is not. Areas where we have higher consumer or mobile inventory levels, we hold the wafers in die bank, as Kurt mentioned, before completing assembly and test in our back-end facilities. At the same time, we remain highly constrained in the wafer areas of 28, 40, 55, 65 and 90 in our auto and core industrial segments. And again, as we mentioned in both our opening remarks, it's better to keep control of your own inventory and putting it into the channel, which will just create future issues if demand falls. And again, majority of what we build is very application specific and long-lived, which gives us confidence to hold and be ready to service future demand.
Bill Betz: Yes. Related to the CapEx, as I mentioned, we will do better this year, 10% going to 8%. And next year, we will be in the range between 6% and 8%.
