Kurt Sievers: Thanks very much, Rick, and good morning, everyone. We really appreciate you joining our call this morning.  Overall, our Q3 results were above the midpoint of our guidance. With the contribution from the mobile and the industrial IoT markets stronger than planned, while demand in the communication infrastructure markets was slightly weaker and our automotive business performed just as anticipated.  Taken together, NXP delivered revenue of $2.3 billion, which combined with gross margin improvements and good expense control, enabled us to successfully deliver operating profitability above the higher end of our guidance range.  Let me turn to the specific trends in Q3 in our focus end markets. Starting with automotive. Revenue was $1.05 billion, down 7% year-on-year, in line with our guidance.  During the quarter, our automotive revenue declined 7% versus the year ago period, as anticipated, at a lesser rate of decline than in the previous quarter and showing 2% sequential growth. Our core automotive product lines declined year-on-year, a reflection of lower auto production and the appreciated supply chain rationalization. However, revenue from the subset of our automotive growth product lines grew in the high single-digit range year-on-year during the quarter.  Moving to industrial and IoT. Revenue was $426 million, down 14% year-on-year and up 9% sequentially, slightly better than our expectations.  During the quarter, the primary source of weakness in industrial and IoT continued to be our general purpose microcontroller products. Remember, our industrial and IoT business is primarily serviced through our global distribution partners and it is heavily indexed to customers in the Asian markets, which appear to be particularly affected by the continued U.S.-China trade tensions.  Turning to mobile. Revenue was $321 million, up 2% year-on-year, and up 8% sequentially above the high end of our guidance.  During Q3, despite reduced order rates at the largest Chinese handset customers, we did see robust seasonal ordering patterns from both other Chinese handset OEMs as well as our premium handset customer. Both trends taken together underpin our view that growth in our mobile business will continue to be driven by increasing attach rates of our secure mobile technology associated with new use cases like transit ticketing amongst others.  Lastly, communication infrastructure and other, revenue was $470 million, down 2% year-on-year, and down 6% sequentially below our guidance. From a product line trend perspective, we continued to see robust year-on-year growth trends associated with our RF Power solutions. So just a little than our plans. The Digital Networking business came in line with expectations, while the secure card business was a little below our expectations.  Let me highlight here several notable trends in the communications infrastructure market, which we do believe are truly benefiting NXP. These include the continued shift towards massive MIMO solutions, leveraging both LDMOS as well as gallium nitride based products. We also see early traction with our millimeter wave engagements for dense urban areas. The positive tailwinds for our communication infrastructure business are robust.  Now let me turn to our expectations for quarter 4. Our guidance reflects the ongoing stabilization in demand, mentioned earlier in our prepared remarks by Rick. We do believe the outlook appears to have stopped getting worse on a seasonal basis. So it is still not reflective of a return to growth.  We are guiding quarter 4 revenue at $2.27 billion, flat sequentially on the third quarter, within the range of down 1% to up 2%. From a year-over-year perspective, this represents a decline of about 6% versus the same period a year ago, of which about 120 basis points is the elimination of the MSA versus the year ago period.  At the midpoint, we are anticipating the following sequential trends in our 4 businesses. Automotive is expected to be up mid-single digits versus Q3. Industrial and IoT is expected to be down in the mid-single-digit range on a percentage basis. Mobile is expected to be slightly down in the low single digits on a percentage basis. And finally, communication infrastructure and other is expected to be down in the low single digits on a percentage basis.  In summary, our new product introductions, customer engagement levels and design win momentum in our strategic focus areas continue to be very, very positive. And we do continue to be very optimistic about the mid- to long-term potential of NXP.  Now I would like to pass the call to Peter for a review of our financial performance. Peter, over to you. 
Kurt Sievers: This is Kurt. Let me take that question. Let me maybe start with saying what our latest market insights are. So IHS just published their latest SAAR numbers for this year and the forecast for next year, where they are saying they see a 6% decline for the SAAR for 2019 annually over '18. And they estimate about flat for next year. That's the latest impact we have. So unfortunately, that indeed indicates that it has further deteriorated this year. So we had earlier in the year, minus 4%, minus 5%, and now they end up at minus 6% decline for '19.  We have always said that on a quarterly basis, you cannot really benchmark our revenue performance against the SAAR, given all the supply chain effects in-between. At the same time, we do continue to clearly say that we have all reason to believe that our business is outgrowing the SAAR synced to the electronic content increase per car.  And I think we are now at a point going into Q4 where it appears that the supply chain should become more or less clean. So our growth, which you see in our business, it becomes more reflective of the true automotive demand from the OEMs. And that is indeed then leading to a annual, and that's how we look at it, annual growth rate in Q4, which is only minus 2% verses much higher declines in the earlier quarters, like minus 7% and minus 10% in Q3 and Q2.  We don't really guide for next year, Ross. And yet, I would say that once the supply chain is clear, we should expect that our growth by content should be reflected again in our numbers, against the SAAR. So there is some optimism here that with a more clean supply chain going forward, we should return to growth based on a flat SAAR. 
Kurt Sievers: Blayne, this is Kurt. I -- first of all, let me slightly correct what you just said. I think I didn't say that IHS talked about an improvement in SAAR next year; they see a flat SAAR on the low level which was achieved at the end of this year. I think it's a minor but maybe important detail. When you think about us, indeed, I'd say that the improvements you are seeing is probably not restocking, but it's just that the consumption reflects more the end demand. Where earlier, at least in our business with smaller accounts and through distribution, it was marked by building down inventories. And that appears to possibly be over now, which means we just see the real demand coming back again. I would be careful to say that's already restocking, probably not. 
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Craig. Well, the update is that we are on track, which is definitely good news. And I think we have all seen in Q3 a very large European OEM making a major announcement about their commitments, relative to new electric vehicles coming out. And as we have kind of signposted earlier, we are quite a bit involved in this, not in one model, but actually across the board. So if you will, this is a very clear evidence on our success over incumbents with one of the most, I would say, bullish commitments from a car company into building electric vehicles. And that starts shipping as we speak. So I mean this is not just somewhere in the future, but actually the first models out of that whole fleet across the couple of brands of that OEM are shipping as we speak.  So what that means below the line is, we are on track to our BMS rollout, as we have discussed earlier, with pretty high growth rate into the next few years. Let me just highlight, Craig, that we -- while we speak a lot about this one OEM and since the public announcement, that's very convenient for us to speak about it, we have a significantly broader base of design wins, too. Differentiators against incumbents remain to be ASIL-D functional safety performance on a system level as well as the scalability, given our approach with microcontrollers and analog high-precision front ends. 
Kurt Sievers: I would say we are confident that the attach rate increase -- which is actually what is driving our mobile growth, attach rate increase of mobile wallets and [ other shaded ] applications does continue. I mean, there could always be quarterly fluctuations, mobile has a lot of seasonality. But from a year-over-year perspective, we are very well on track with what we said in our Analyst Day last year that we see the attach rate growing from, I think we said 30% to 50% over the next 3 years. And we actually did a check earlier, how are we on that journey. And it looks like we can be confident that we are very well on track on the journey, and that would indicate that the growth should reasonably continue. 
Peter Kelly: Yes. The single biggest item is actually a positive thing. We have a really significant number, I think it's actually just a bit over $10 million of tape-outs in excess of what we saw in the third quarter. And that's the single biggest item, Ross. So we have... 
Peter Kelly: I -- I mean, clearly, I don't want to guide Q1 at this stage. I think you're right, Will, in the sense that from a gross margin perspective, you have the single biggest item is the annual price increases. And from OpEx, you have a reset on bonus. So as an example, this year, we didn't hit our targets, so the bonus accrual is relatively small and you're probably talking about maybe an average of $10 million a quarter. Whereas in 2020, if we were to assume our full bonus, we haven't kind of set all of our targets yet for 2020, you'd be talking more like $35 million a quarter. You'd see an $8 million increase roughly for fringe benefits. But we should -- I don't think [ MATs ] cost will be as high as Q1 as they were in Q4. So I'm not sure I'd forecast OpEx lower in Q1 than Q4. But I'm not ready yet to give you an absolute number. 
Peter Kelly: Yes. I think they're the same things. I think in the long term, so over the next few years, our mix definitely helps us. As we look at kind of the MPIs that are coming out, you're not going to suddenly see us jump, but you'll see gradual improvements in gross margin in the long term.  In the short term, it's all about blocking and tackling, making sure our partners give us the right pricing, making sure we're managing yields, test times, all that good stuff. To be honest, the issue I have at the moment is, we have a long-term model of 55% to 57%. I'd really like to get to 55% for full year 2020. But with the current market environment and the -- I'd say, the lack of visibility rather than visibility we have, it's hard to see how we do that really. And you saw that in Q4. So I do need -- I hate to admit it, but I do need a pickup in volume to be able to get to the 55% level. And I'm surprised you didn't ask the question, one of the questions we were anticipating from you guys is, given revenue was towards the higher end of the guidance in Q3, why didn't gross margin improve a little bit above the guidance of 53.7%? And the answer to that is our assembly and test -- internal assembly and test utilization was weaker than we thought in Q3. Now to be honest, 30 basis points is $6 million. So it's not that big a number anyway. But on the current environment, running the levels of revenue we have, it makes it really, really tough to get the revenue up, but I believe after-market does come back, we'll be able to get there. 
Richard Clemmer: We're getting some of our MPIs out and shipping those to customers. And so there's a cost, obviously, as we take those and put those -- move those towards engagement with customers, Ross. 
Richard Clemmer: I guess the units comes from the content, so they're directly linked. So you can't really separate the 2. I think the good point was, if you recall in Q2, we had our largest Chinese OEM that had a strong uptake as they broaden the deployment of the mobile wallet into more of their portfolio. And in Q3, clearly, we had a broader base as well as the -- our Tier 1 customer increased volumes as well. But all the other Chinese customers showed strength in Q3 also. So yes, we had a really strong quarter in Q3. And I think it does continue to bode well for the continued deployment associated with the mobile wallet and the uptake associated with it as we project it going into the next couple of years where we think it can be 50% of all the smartphones. 
Richard Clemmer: Well, I think if there's trade resolution, it would be very positive. So I don't think is there is any doubt about that. I think though that, we don't see a lot of inventory being put in place. In Q2, as we talked about it, the largest Chinese handset, they clearly were ramping their supply chain as they broaden the portfolio associated with it. But we didn't see a lot of inventory, it was really associated with their supply chain. There has been comments that I've heard about other technologies like FPGAs where some of the Chinese guys were concerned about having adequate supply and put inventory in place. But we don't see really a lot of that in the areas that we serve at all, John. And we think it continues to bode well. Clearly, I think our relationship with the Chinese customers has been positive and will continue to be positive for us going forward. 
Richard Clemmer: Well, so John, when we set those targets, we were coming out of a period of several years of declines in both the RF Power and Digital Networking business. Clearly, with the Digital Networking business going from around $800 million at the time we did the merger with Freescale down to in more like the $500 million range. So we did set those conservatively. I think what we're talking about, clearly, with the 5G opportunity should increase that growth rate. But it -- we don't think it'll change the total because it really just gives us room to cover the downturn that we've been through in automotive and industrial and still have the confidence in achieving our 5% to 7% compounded growth rate going forward.  I do think that there is a real opportunity, as we talked about, for low teens growth rate in RF Power business with 5G deployment over the next few years, and with our leadership position, puts in a good position. And we're just making some early investments in the last mile with some of the customer engagements that could bode very well as well and end up with a couple hundred million dollars a year of revenue in the not too distant future. So all of that's positive, but we're just kind of leaving our growth rates that we set a year and a half or so ago intact and not really changing those by piece at this point, John. 
Richard Clemmer: Yes. If I could just add something, I think one of the things if you look at it, Blayne, and look at IHS projections, first half of '20 will be slightly up from second half of '19. So that says we've kind of gotten to a minimum run rate based on their projections now. And then they'll see a resumption of growth in the second half of '20. So -- but I do think that when you look at some of our customers in China and other places that we serve through distribution, we are beginning to see a little more of an uptick, which I think means that they've kind of worked their way through their inventory basis and we're beginning to see a little more of a positive perspective associated with it. 
Richard Clemmer: Nothing is in the guidance, and we would anticipate closing it sooner than first quarter. But given the fact that there is a process in Taiwan that we really don't have clear insight into how long it will take, it would be inappropriate for us to really second-guess the actual timing. 
Richard Clemmer: So I think, Stacy, what we're seeing is, we've seen things stabilize, and we've seen some pockets of improvement or increased orders. But really what we're trying to point to is the fact that if you look at it in our industrial and IoT segment, we were mid-teens year-over-year decline through the first 3 quarters of this year. And if you look at the midpoint of our projection, we'll be kind of mid-single digit. So that's definitely a significant improvement. And if you look at automotive, it's been kind of high single-digit decline year-over-year through the first 3 quarters. And what we're -- at the midpoint, we're kind of at a 2% decline.  So I think that's really what we're trying to talk about. That's the basic indicator that we have that things are improving is based on the run rates that we have from our customers and their demands, we see that improving. Now you also have to look at our mobile and communications and infrastructure to get to the total. And in total, we've been -- if you adjust for the MSA that we changed in the accounting, we've been kind of mid-single digit with the exception of Q2 where we were a little less than that. And we'll be kind of -- we'll have a couple points improvement in the total even with a little bit of down take in the communications and mobile in Q4. But -- so I think we clearly have seen a stabilization in some pockets of improved demand, in increased demand, but not anything that would lead us to really talk about a robust recovery underway at this point. 
Richard Clemmer: So, Stacy, I think what we're committed to is the 5% to 7% growth rate. We said the categories may be different than what we talked about 1.5 years ago, as we look at that. We may not be able to quite achieve what we had laid out at the high end of automotive or the high end of industrial based on the fact that we've gone through this downturn. The positive thing is, mobile is growing quite nicely with the increased mobile wallet deployment as well as now ultra-wideband beginning to be shipping next year and in 2021. And clearly, the 5G deployment gives us some upside. I mean that could drive that 0% to 2% to kind of high single-digit growth potentially. But in total, we still are committed to the 5% to 7% growth rate. And I think the key is, is that we have different knobs to turn to be sure that we can achieve that and accomplish that. 
Richard Clemmer: And I guess the only thing I would add to that, Craig, is we follow -- I follow, personally, the announcement by some of the incumbents and always track that. And every time we go back and look at it, we still think that we have a superior performance and a better product than some of the announcements that they're making. 
Richard Clemmer: Craig, just to be specific, I think our long-term target is 53% to 57%.  We talked about 55% in the near term, but... 
Richard Clemmer: But utilization will be key to that as well. And I think that's an important element of our continued gross margin improvement. 
Richard Clemmer: Well, I think your point is -- it's a great observation, that most of the weakness that we have comes out of distribution. If you look at what we've done on the distribution inventory, we've significantly reduced the inventory over the last few quarters to be able to maintain that 2.4 months and actually down at 2.3 months in the Q3 time frame, which we would anticipate would go back to the 2.4 months in Q4. We actually had some late shipments out on POS, late in the quarter that actually allowed our inventory to go down to the 2.3 months. I think that we'll see a -- we will see an uptick in distribution. I think it has tended, as you pointed out, to be more volatile than the OEM side. And I think it will be more relevant towards the uptick associated with it. But as far as inventories, I think we're in good shape. And I don't think there is any issue associated with that, but I would anticipate that, that will be one of the early points where we'll see a real improvement in the total revenue. 
Richard Clemmer: I think, C.J., one of the things that will be really interesting in the second half next year is -- as we begin to ship ultra-wideband, it just solidifies that position in mobile and solidifies our position with the mobile wallet. So I think that will be a significant contributing factor for us and continue to demonstrate our leadership as well as solidifying our overall position. 
Richard Clemmer: Yes. No, seriously, I think in -- with discussions with our customers, I think they appreciate the complexities of dealing with different-sourced technology. And I think they have a lot of discussions about trying to move some of their production to us as well as other non-U.S. sourced IP providers. So we think that could be positive.  Obviously, that doesn't happen overnight or immediately, but it takes a period of time associated with it. 
Richard Clemmer: Thank you very much, operator. So thanks for joining us today. Obviously, we feel better than we did in previous quarters with the stability we see and are encouraged about the fact that year-over-year decline is significantly reduced with our guidance in Q4 and puts us in a solid position to get ready to move into 2020 with a ramp up of new products that will continue to differentiate NXP and show our leadership in deploying technology to be able to drive solutions for our customers. So thank you very much for your support, and have a good day. 
