Peter Kelly: Yes. So the -- what we're assuming is basically our gross margins in Standard -- the Standard Products segment will be about flat as we go from Q1 into Q2. So clearly, a tough quarter, but we had assumed that it would improve by about 300 basis points, and clearly it didn't. So the gap from where we expected it to be in Q1 was about $18 million. Now half of that was, let's say, market driven, and half, it was an internal issue. So the bit that was market driven, clearly, Standard Products has seen some impact from what's going on in the computing industry, in particular. But also, I had a pretty weak mix of products. Although we got there on revenue in terms of what we said, the actual mix of product that they shipped was much weaker than we originally planned. And they're just -- they're just not seen a very strong underlying -- let's call it, underlying semiconductor market at the moment. In terms of the issues we had internally, they were really around couple of things. I mentioned that we had a quality problem in one of our back ends during Q4. As we try to, or as we ramped our production back up in Q1, we decided to be quite conservative in how we brought our factory up and err on the side of caution. So the yields are not as good as we would like them to be. And the output's not as good as we'd like it to be. But we thought it's more important to ship our usual export levels of quality than make a compromise there. And do you think I can get that -- or we can get that back on track in the second half of 2013. But I just -- given what we said on the last call, I just thought it was -- it made more sense to be conservative and make sure we do have the opportunity to get it back on track without forecast and a big leap in performance.
Peter Kelly: I think on the -- sorry, it's Peter Kelly. On the factories, it's -- in our Standard Products business, we have 2 really big back ends, so we don't source our product from multiple areas. One -- if one of the sites is off, it has quite a big impact. It's really related to how fast we can bring the yields back up. And we have a lot of people working very, very diligently in order to do that. But -- and it's the usual kind of things that you would do to do that. So it's really, really focused about how we -- not how we improve our yields to a whole new level, how do we bring our yields back to what we're used to them running about. So that's really on the manufacturing issues for Standard Products. In terms of R&D, I don't really want to get into forecasting Q3, Q4 R&D. In terms of the model, we'd expect our -- I think what we said in the past is we'd expect our SG&A to run about roughly 12%, maybe 11.5% in our R&D to run 13.5% or 14%. So we have a top OpEx of around 25%, which is where we're trying to get to.
Peter Kelly: I think the -- or maybe my math is wrong, but I think the HPMS gross margin is up a little bit, Ross, but not a lot, okay. I think we have lots -- you have lots of moving parts going on in there. So it's -- I mean, I don't think there's anything special going on in gross margin from Q1 to Q2 in HPMS. I think that fundamental issue for the company is if Standard Products was forecasting where -- sorry, if Standard Products was performing where we wanted it to be. It would probably be 150, maybe 180 basis points higher on gross margin and operating margin than we've currently got in the forecast, and we'd be looking at something more like 47.5 as a whole -- company as a whole, and I think people feel very comfortable. So I think our HPMS margins are pretty much on track I'd say.
Peter Kelly: Well, in the stock buybacks, there were early buyback stock to the extent that we get receipts from stock option, except for people exercising their stock option, so it's pretty small amount of money. We do plan to use basically all of our free cash to pay down debt in the coming year. There's no change on that.
Peter Kelly: Yes, we kind of moved the revolver around as our -- as we see fit. There's not a lot of point in -- there's almost -- you make nothing on the deposits, so we try and keep our revolver as low as possible here. So the big thing coming up is just over $0.25 billion debt due in late summer this year. And that's the kind of next chunk of debt that we need to go or we need to go after, and we're planning to pay that then.
Peter Kelly: I think the expectation that in terms of 26% OI is a reasonable one. We clearly need to increase or improve our gross margins by -- we think by about 300 basis points. Obviously, the Standard Products issue is has caused us a slight bump. And we need to take OpEx down a little bit. But I think the -- it's reasonable to focus on, on certainly as the first step an operating income of 26% there. I think once we get there, then we can talk about changing the target, but I'd be uncomfortable trying to increase the target before that. I guess one other thing I was just looking as well, I'd like to apologize to Ross, I was look at operating margin when I answered Ross' question. So HPMS margin, if you do the math on our guidance, would be down a little bit. And as Rick mentioned, that's really a mix issue and reflects the larger chunk of our business coming from contactless banking in Q2. So sorry about that, Ross.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I think Rick's comment in that we'll do what's ever in the best interest of our shareholders, is one that's worth emphasizing. We spent a lot of time talking to our shareholders, and Jeff mentioned all the conferences we're going to be at in the next couple of months. But we -- when we get to that point, we will listen to our owners, so people like yourself, and we'll decide what's the best thing for the shareholders. So there's lots of different options, but in the meantime, we need to focus on paying down the debt.
Peter Kelly: Okay. So it's a couple of things. One is I'm absolutely not going to give guidance for Q4. But from what we've talked about in the past is we need to improve our gross margins by about 300 basis points and our OpEx by about 200 basis points. So our OpEx, we took a big charge in Q4 and we're diligently implementing that plan, so I have a high degree of confidence on OpEx. And gross margin relates to 3 general areas: One is, it relates to our wafer costs; the second relates to kind of basic blocking and tackling around yield and design; and third area related to we expect by towards the end of the year to be able to get a more reliable and consistent IP revenue stream, which is something we've been working on for the past few years, actually. So nothing changed there. The only fly in the ointment at the moment is our Standard Products performance. As we've described, we think we can get that back on track for the second half of the year.
Richard L. Clemmer: 150 different handsets and tablets that have designed in our NFC product, and we continue to see continued momentum associated with that. And especially as we talk about the secure element and the opportunity it brings to the market, combined with the strong intellectual property portfolio that we had associated with NFC. So we're still, clearly, in early innings. When you start talking about the future, like in the 2015 timeframe, most of the analysts now are talking about half the smartphones being NFC-enabled by that point in time, so a lot of growth opportunities there. And really all of that combines and comes together to give us the comfort associated with the double-digit growth associated with our ID business. But we should also reflect on the fact that the most recent quarter was a 60% annual growth versus a year ago, so clearly, strong growth associated with that. And then, clearly, the opportunity in basestations, if the service providers ever get around to really expanding their quality of service where there isn't so many dropped calls, we think that it will continue to expand the CapEx investment. And with our design win, market share associated with 3G and LTE, it should put us in an excellent position associated with revenue increases associated with that as well, John.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, so one of the things that we have found is in addition to being totally unpredictable with the basestation OEMs, it becomes fairly seasonal. And so we clearly have a seasonal uptick in I&I associated with the basestations' shipments. We also have some significant design wins in our LNAs, in our small-signal business, in different design wins that we'll be ramping. While it's not such a large dollar item, we have won a number of significant design wins that continues to position us well. And then the ramp up of our mobile audio processor, where we have a number of design wins, including -- I don't know that we can talk about the specifics of those, but, really, a solid design wins, where the fundamental quality of sound is being recognized in those specific handsets, facilitated our Maximus [ph] processor associated with it. So that's really what drives the growth associated with I&I. And it comes as much as anything from just the seasonal basis associated with the basestation OEMs.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think we clearly just talked about, for the most recent quarter, and our core ID business grew 4% sequentially, while emerging market grew at kind of 3%, so they both -- on a sequential basis. So they both had a pretty reasonable growth associated with a given seasonal -- seasonally weak Q1 period. And we expect to see double-digit growth for Q2. That's facilitated by a broad array of the portfolio associated with ID. And we still feel very good about that growth and the opportunity to continue to contribute to the overall growth of our High Performance Mixed Signal segment.
Richard L. Clemmer: So if you really look at that in ID, what we're doing is we're pulling in some of the investment increases that we've planned later in the year to be able to ensure that we can protect the leadership technology position that we have and secure the technology advantages to be able to continue to go drive, continue design win improvements. And we're not talking about tens of millions of dollars on the quarter -- on that quarterly increase, but we're talking about clearly a step up of OpEx that will have an impact on our operating income on a single-quarter basis. But it won't really drive any increase in OpEx out in the second half of the year as we're just pulling it in as opposed to continuing to increase it. And if I could just add on, on the Standard Products, basically, we just got to get back to the basics of the business. Our combination of our operational performance, which in our back ends was not good this year, especially with the ramp up after the Lunar New Year coming back and some of the quality issues, we've got to ensure that we can get those fixed and be able to move forward. And the market environment, specifically in that area, has been clearly weaker than we would have anticipated, not to dissimilar to what we saw last year in the first quarter of the year where we've been some more of a moderation through the rest of the year. But our focus is how we get back on a reasonable profitability and drive the operating income of this business back more towards the entitlement [ph] ranges that what we believe it can perform at.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I think it's not just on the eGovernment side. I mean, the eGov part specifically has its puts and takes on a quarterly basis. We clearly won a couple of significant countries in the most recent quarter, but we always do. So that's not really anything that's specific. Clearly, the area that we're seeing the most significant opportunity in near term, which helps us and really is the reason, again, that I mentioned, the strength of the portfolio, is in the rollout of contactless banking in China and the relationship we have with a number of different institutions to be able to facilitate that. We're basically -- they're skipping some of the intermediate steps of -- that other countries have gone through on the banking and moving to this contactless banking in a very strong position, and basically being able to facilitate with our technology and drive a much easier use with a much more secured basis.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I think the one thing that's clearly different in that business is the computing segment. When you really get down to it, there's probably a higher share of product mix in that business and the rest of our business that goes in the computing space. And clearly, the headwinds in computing that are -- had been very clearly stated creates some headwinds. We set an objective, a strategic objective, 1.5 years ago or so, to really change more towards the infrastructure and automotive side, as we have very strong automotive position in that business, but -- and we have the design wins. And interestingly enough, it is design wins when we start talking about Standard Products and Automotive to be able to facilitate that. But they have -- there's still quite a long period of time from when you win the design win to the ramp up associated with that revenue. But in the near term, the most significant thing has been the weakness on the computing market, and not dissimilar to what we saw in first quarter of 2012, very significant price pressure associated with the business. If we look at what happened in the rest of 2012, we saw more of a moderation of the pricing environment in the -- in quarter 2, through quarter 4. The question is, will we see that same kind of moderation in 2013 as well? And we think that part of that depends on clearly the economic underpinnings are the general economic environment, which we still have not seen a truly robust recovery across the board. If you look at own seasonality, the Standard Products business is typically pretty weak in Q1 and then we see improvements throughout the year. And then Q4, it's kind of flattish to roll off slightly from the Q3 range. But Q3 is typically clearly a better quarter for us, but it has a little bit of a -- it's not quite as much as the rest of our business just because of the Automotive share of Standard Products as well.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, so I think we have to be careful about low levels of inventory. Our inventories remained at 2.4 months consistently with I think one exception over the last 5 or 6 quarters. So our inventory levels have not changed significantly. The one thing that has changed is the mix. So we have some business like Automotive where our inventory has gone down in the distribution channel in the most recent quarter, while we have other areas like ID and high-performance RF, where there actually been a little bit of increase in channel inventory in preparation of design wins that they've won in those shipments beginning to take place in Q2. So I think clearly, we're optimistic about Q2. I think it's always an arm wrestling with our distribution channel partners. We'd like to see them carry more inventory, more like moving towards 3 months of inventory, and they'd like to be less focused on their turns-and-earns basis. But I think the key factor is, is looking at the total. And the fact is that we've been at 2.4 months of inventory for, as I recall, like 6 out of last 7 quarters or so. So we don't see a significant change, although we see some significant changes by products within that overall mix. But clearly, we see orders improving associated with distribution, and we're quite optimistic about Q2, obviously, consistent with the guidance that we set associated with the 6% to 12% product revenue increase.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, Jim, we've been very specific on our Standard Products business that our focus is on High Performance Mixed Signal, it's not the strategic part of our business. I guess with the change with GPL, it's still only 25% or so of our total revenue associated with it. I think that we have talked about the relationships that it brings. And specifically in Automotive, in fact, we were just notified this week that we won a quality award from one of our largest Automotive customers, again, in Standard Products. So it does have a positive aspect associated with it, but it's clearly not a strategic business for us. But frankly, we're quite confident that we can fix it. And we think that we should fix it, and then we'll decide how we move forward over the longer term. But there's -- we don't think that it hinders our overall financial performance going forward in any way, and we clearly believe that the operating income objectives that we've set for exiting this year at 25% before the change, or as Peter said, even reflecting the share equity cost at around 26% is not a changed at all with that process, Jim. So we feel like that it's just basic blocking and tackling that we've got to take care of. We had a number of operational issues in the quarter and a number of plants with quality and labor issues that we have to work our way through. But the bottom line is, is that we have to get those fixed and get back on track, which we feel very comfortable that we will be able to accomplish.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we feel pretty comfortable about the guidance that we have associated with it. It's a combination of things, it's not all into any individual customer associated with it. What we did say is, clearly, the revenue expectations we would've had 3, 4 quarters ago are higher than what we have achieved in Q1 or frankly even our guidance in Q2. But we feel very good about the relationship with those customers that are focused in, that are waiting in that area. And think we can continue to drive that business going forward. And there will always be quarterly bumps along the way, but on a sustained basis, we feel very comfortable with the position that we have with design winds and the customer support for those key customers in that area.
Richard L. Clemmer: There might be some early initial shipments, Ross, but it's not a significant factor associated with the guidance. But there'll be only early shipments, a little bit like we had on the interface product kind of in the second quarter of last year, but it's not really a significant factor in the guidance.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, I guess that you always, Ross, have a mix on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Clearly, some of the ramp up on the contactless banking isn't necessarily as profitable as some of the rest of our security business, so there's always puts and takes. I think the bottom line operating income performance in HPMS clearly demonstrates the capability that we have and puts us on a pretty good track to be able to exit the year at the objective that we've established.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think you should look at the progress that we've made on our debt-to-EBITDA basis. We continue to improve that through a combination of improved EBITDA, but also through the reduced net debt. And Peter has talked about that fact that we'll continue to generate cash and focus on paying down our debt. But it's a number of quarters that you can count on one hand that we'll be in the position where we'll have our net debt that's down at the 2x annualized EBITDA basis. But as far as what the credit agencies do relative to ratings, they have to set that on their own pace.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, I think our -- in Automotive specifically, our geography exposure is pretty well consistent with the Automotive industry. And it's really hard for us to track, because when we ship a product, we don't know who that end market is that they're actually going to consume it based on a number of our customers. I think it's probably worthwhile to point out that the strength of the OEM orders that we saw in Automotive were clearly in Korea and in Japan and China, and we didn't see any real improvement in Europe and in North America. So our strength in Automotive was clearly in Asia, and that's where we saw the improvement associated with it. But -- and we've always said that we would anticipate the growth in Automotive segment this year to be in the developing countries and not in North America and Europe associated with it. And I think we don't see anything that changes that at all, although it is good to see a strength in OEM order rates in Automotive in total.
Richard L. Clemmer: And you know, I think the mix of gross margin and operating income is interesting, but I don't think we're really wanting to change our overall model because we think, for the long term, it's still -- it's in effect. And the key is for us to be able to run at the 26% operating income on a sustained basis exiting the year, and be in a position where we can continue to deliver on that with above the industry growth rates, which drives a very compelling earnings improvement going forward.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, so I think is worthwhile to point out that we still have design wins across the board at all major customers associated with it that are using NFC. So I don't think we -- we're certainly not backing off of our -- the strength of technology and leadership position that we have. What we've always said is, eventually, there'll be an integration on the radio. And our objective is to be sure that we can provide the secure element associated with it. And we clearly see that playing out, although it's played out at a little bit slower rate than what we had expected several years ago. So we clearly see that, but really the strength of our security businesses is the breath of our portfolio and the strong technical leadership position that we have as a company that can continue to bring some unique capabilities to all of our customers to provide security in a fashion that few semiconductor companies are in a position to be able to accomplish. And so, that strength of that portfolio is really what drives our ID business and the confidence we have in double-digit growth and the strength that we continue to see where we have outperformed clearly and can continue to be in a strong leadership position going forward.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we've been very specific that we're going to look at what's in the best interest of shareholders when we get below 2x the annualized EBITDA on net debt. So we'll look at that at that point in time. Our clear focus is on how we continue to reduce the debt over the next 3, 4, 5 quarters to be in a position to be sure that we get to that 2x annualized EBITDA. But as far as going beyond that, yes, it's premature for us to say. We want to look at it and what drives the best return for our shareholders at that point in time. But clearly, there is no lack of focus in being able to continue to pay down our debt in the next few quarters.
Richard L. Clemmer: So you know that's out several years, that's not something that we can really drive a specific growth commitment associated with. The key for us is to be in a position to continue to be a technology leader associated with it. And I think the relationship that we announced with Cohda, as well as Cisco, continues to confirm the strength of that position. There are field trials that are going on today on car-to-car and car-to-x communications. The ability to drive that and maybe some of the innovation to be able to facilitate aftermarket implementations may drive that sooner than it would be on just a individual car basis. But clearly, the discussions that we have with Automotive companies on some of their high-end cars, they're talking about that in -- out a few years. But as anything that's a really new emerging technology in automotive industry, it takes a long time, a number of years, for it to develop into a significant revenue growth. And the one thing I'd like to point out, you're right, we are the leader in car infotainment, specifically associated with our radios. But on our safety and comfort business, we have a very strong leadership position in the remote keyless entry where basically every car that's manufactured in the world, with exception of Toyota, uses our technology and a few models of Volkswagen. So that gives us a clear strength as well as the in-vehicle networking associated with it and some of the Lighting areas. So we have a number of different areas where we're uniquely positioned in a strong leadership position outside of just the car radio itself.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. We continue to be focused on improving our overall profitability, delivering improved earnings, outgrowing the market in revenue and maximizing shareholder value. We are confident that we will execute the plan, although we will accelerate some investments in ID that had been planned for later in the year to ensure continued technology leadership. We are also very focused in taking the necessary actions to improve the performance of Standard Products segments, which has clearly been disappointing. Our strategy continues to be focused on providing unique and differentiated product solutions to enable our customers' success, which over the long term, will allow NXP to continue to outpace the cyclical growth of the overall semiconductor market and deliver superior profitability with strong EPS growth. Thank you very much.
