Kurt Sievers: Yes, thanks and good morning, Vivek. Certainly, it's not the channel refill. I tried to be very specific in my prepared remarks that we continue to be very thoughtful and cautious with channel refill. We've worked very hard over a long period of time to keep the channel lean. So we want to really tune this to the growth in the coming quarters in a careful manner. So no, the channel is going to go nowhere near our longer-term target of 2.5 months. So that stays for next year. We will go to 1.8 months in the third quarter, and then maybe a little bit further up in the fourth quarter. So no, that's not it. What is much more behind that continued resumption of growth now in the second half, which then includes quarter four, is a re-acceleration of automotive. You see that actually in the third quarter, I mean, we turned the corner from a quarter two performance in automotive, which was a mid-single-digit decline to now a mid-single-digit growth sequentially in automotive and we definitely want to continue, which has two legs, one is company-specific drivers, which is led by radar, but also a couple of other new platforms which are ramping. But also less and less need for digestion of over-inventory at our Tier 1 automotive customers. That will be getting less, while at the same time, I also have to say in this call, it takes longer than we thought. So it reaches now into the third quarter. We were hopeful it would end a little earlier, so that it's protracted longer, which is one of the reasons why actually the second half growth is a little less than we had assumed earlier. Still, it does grow. So automotive is the source of that. Secondly, the RFID secure tagging, which I mentioned earlier, is a company-specific growth, which is going to be with us both in the third as well as in the fourth quarter. And we are also optimistic that industrial IoT will keep growing from our lean inventory position in the channel.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, so yes, first of all, indeed, the latest S&P forecast for SAAR for the calendar year '24 dropped a little to a 2% decline. So we were more in the flattish kind of area and now they forecast a 2% decline. So yes, the auto macro has deteriorated a little from the views which we had 90 days ago. I do believe the bigger factor is actually that indeed the inventory digestion adds the Tier 1 automotive customers, which is the direct customers of NXP, so that is the 60% of our automotive business, which goes through direct. That takes longer, which indeed is a function of two things. One is they are further down adjusting in some cases their inventory targets and it is all over the place. So for our customers, inventory targets range between two and 12 weeks. So we have automotive Tier 1 customers who go for a 12-week target and others who are as far down as a two-week target. We have our views on this and I guess we will discuss a bit more in that call here because going so low clearly will lead to a pretty sharp need to refill later. I mean, that led to the whole supply crisis in the first place a couple of years ago. But they are adjusting these targets on the go and that is also what keeps us to be very transparent. It keeps us growing a little bit less into quarter three than we would have thought 90 days ago because that keeps going a bit longer. Where exactly it's going to land is hard to say, Vivek. So it's hard to say what the target average of those inventory end numbers is from the Tier 1s because it's also going to change probably how they think about their future. If they get higher call-offs from the OEMs, they will start to want to increase their inventories again pretty quickly. But again, I can tell you today their targets are between two and 12 weeks and we still have a little bit of work to do in the third quarter to get there. But you see it is already much less than before, which is indeed why our automotive growth has now snapped back into positive sequential and into what is only a low single digit annual decline, which was a high single digit annual decline in the past quarter. So you see the tide is already changing, but we are not through.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, C.J. So relative to how is the inventory at the Tier 1s between those different product segments, it is completely customer specific, C.J. There is no overriding pattern because it really depended on what they thought they had to order through all of this NCNR [ph] time during the last two years. So we don't have a pattern there, C.J. There is no answer to that question because it is absolutely different customer by customer. We also have Tier 1 customers where we are done with inventory digestion, which is actually driving the growth into the third quarter, where none of the product categories has any more surplus inventory. So it’s a completely uneven picture. And secondly, mind you, that their targets are not the same. I think I said to Vivek earlier, targets range between two and 12 weeks. So the one would declare 12 weeks as being on target and no over inventory. The other with three weeks says, I still have a week too much because my target is two. So therefore, I can't answer that question because it's just all over the place. However, in general, our accelerated growth drivers, think about the electrification, BMS chips, think about S32, core right processing, think about radar. They tend to grow now anyway because they all have ramping platforms in the second half, which are overpowering, I would say the inventory digestion, which is why we call that out as company specific drivers, which is above and ahead of the inventory digestion in any case in the second half. And of course, that's going to continue next year, C.J. But then the base is also going to be fine because by then the -- say all the rest of the business, which might still see some inventory digestion will be clear too.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, thanks. Good morning, Ross. It is indeed, in our view, a demand issue in the U.S. and Europe. So the U.S. and Europe is where we have more of the core industrial business and there we clearly see it is a macro-driven demand issue and at least in our case, not really that much a function of over-inventory. And yes, where we do see growth into the third and fourth quarter is actually more from China and that is more led from the consumer IoT part of the business. So that 40%, which is more IoT, what we call IoT that is actually doing pretty well, which by the way is a matter of fact for China overall. So when I think about the geographies and how they've done in the past quarter and the second quarter, then actually China is the one which is growing both year-on-year as well as, or which has grown both year-on-year as well as sequentially. And that also plays into industrial where then the consumer IoT is the piece which is pulling it. So answer is, in short, it is a demand issue very much from the Americas and Europe in core industrial.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, sure, Francois. So the growth in automotive in the second half is really having two legs. The company specific, which I will reply to, but I have to highlight it is also just moving closer to shipping to end demand. Not all the way there, but moving closer because of inventory digestion being more behind us than in front of us. Now on the company specific side, I mean, let me call out indeed radar. We have ramps with at least two Tier 1 automotive companies which are operating absolutely globally. So they are serving OEM platforms across the globe. So we are pretty well hatched here relative to end demand -- from end demand perspective. And those are design wins, Francois, which we made probably three years ago or so, which are now finally coming into production. Everything is being prepared. And yes, of course, I mean, with a SAAR of minus 2%, there is always something which is a little less and something which is a little more. But since it is widespread, both geographically and across different OEMs, we are actually absolutely optimistic that those numbers will come in the way we want them to come in. So there hasn't been also any change over the past couple of quarters in the view of preparing that. And again, it is about radar, front phasing and side radar platforms for global OEMs. Maybe Francois, if you need to get a bit more color, you know that when we talk about radar, it is typically a complete chipset. So we talk about the front-end transceiver, the microprocessor and in several cases, not always it even includes Ethernet connectivity and power management.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, hi Stacy. I would say our auto expectations for the second half are in some in line with what we had before. So I would say similar to what we would have said 90 days ago, but with 2 moving components underneath. The inventory digestion to be done is actually worse. So we have lower headwind than we had anticipated some time ago. At the same time, some of our company-specific stuff is actually going better. Those two things are completely unrelated, Stacy. It just happens to play out for us that, that part of the company is actually more in line with what we had seen before. But again, I want to be very transparent. The inventory digestion in automotive is a longer drag on us than I would have thought and I would have talked about 90 days ago, given all the changes on the inventory targets they have, which I explained in earlier questions.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Stacy. So several points here. Yes, our long-term target remains to be 2.5. Absolutely. I mean we -- and that's not just because it used to be our target, but we went through the whole analysis, what makes sense, what is strategically meaningful. And it happens to be that indeed the outcome, given our product and segment mix, is that 2.5 remains the long-term target. What I did say in my prepared remarks is also indeed we don't see a case where we go back to the 2.5 at the end of this calendar year. I would almost say by far not. And we just say that because we don't want to put smoke and mirrors on this. What is this annual outlook? Is it all driven by channel refill? No, no, no, it is not. And here, Stacy, I would also say that is a change probably versus 90 days ago. 90 days ago, I thought we might want to be a bit more aggressive in refilling the channel, which given the poor macro environment in the Americas and Europe, we feel is probably not appropriate. So that is not lost revenue. So when we have now a little lower outlook than we had before, it is just that we do a little less into the channel than what we would have planned earlier. For reasons which have to do with the macro and we just want to continue to operate the company in a very responsible way. Now finally, you asked where does it go into the channel, where we take it up. It's really a cross-segment, Stacy. It is about high runner products. The way we think about this is there are certain products which are really hot in the channel. And we have to make sure that we have sufficient of those products on the shelves of our distributors such that they push them instead of competitive products from our peers. And there we are a little behind and are busy to push those products in. And they are, I would say, neither geography nor segment specific. They really go across the board. It's more product specific.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Hey, Tom, I'm sorry. And we might have been confusing here. To be very specific, RFID is not 50% of that segment. What is 50% of the segments by the end of last year, what was then 50% is what we call secure cards, which includes payment cards, transport cards, and RFID and security. So the RFID is a part of that 50%, Tom. And for the rest, everything you said is right. The RFID keeps growing. It keeps growing into Q3. It will keep growing sequentially into Q4, but it is less than 50% of the total, which is why it is easily offset by the rest. And the rest is then -- and again here the numbers from the end of last year, the Legacy Digital Networking business is about 30 -- or was about 30% by the end of last year. And this is where we said we selectively start to end of life products after kind of eight years collecting good cash from that part. And it is the pretty lumpy radio power business, RF power business for the mobile base stations, which at the end of last year was 20%. And that is hanging in there. I would say it's kind of up and down every other quarter, but in the end, more on the downward slope. So basically think about this whole comps infra segment end of last year, 50% secure cards, including RFID, 30% legacy digital networking, 20% RF power. And the only structurally growing part in there is actually the RFID.
Kurt Sievers: Hey Thomas, look you are really pushing it a step too far now. We tried to give a lot of color for the second half with the guidance of the third quarter. I really can't give you all the breakout on how each segment is going to do in the fourth quarter. And honestly speaking Tom, we also don't know that. I mean there are things which are constantly moving around, especially relative to these two things. One is the inventory targets of our Tier 1 automotive customers. The other one is the macro for industrial in Europe and the U.S., which could or could not get better a little earlier or a little later. So honestly speaking, I don't know. We just say here the outcome of all of this, if you put it all together, is going to be this low single digit decline for the whole company over the complete year. But the trend and that piece I will tell you, the trend in automotive is a positive one. I mean we left the trough in automotive behind us. I want to be dead clear. Quarter two was the trough in automotive, which I think was a 9% peak to trough for automotive. And it is now coming up. How fast is something we have to see because it's really a function of the inventory digestion.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, hi Blayne. So first of all, I just want to be sure everybody knows we are the number one in auto processors worldwide. Whatever you hear from peers is typically related to parts of that, which is the microcontroller part or the application processor part, et cetera. If you put it all together, you'll find enough third-party evidence that NXP is the number one and keeps being the number one. And that holds also for China. So I think in China, we have a fairly strong position in processors. We actually push the performance very much up. So our attempt and our strategy in China is to lead customers to higher performance because we know that is where we have the most differentiation. We all know that Chinese local competition is coming in in the non-auto world on the low-end microcontrollers. I think it's just a function of time that they will try to do this also in automotive. So all of our strategy here is to push for the higher performance processors, not microcontrollers, but microprocessors, which for us is the 16 nanometer devices and going forward even lower. And here, I think we have a unique and strong position, Blayne. So I feel actually we are in a good place. Now when it comes to manufacturing, absolutely right. In our China for China strategy, which is a big requirement in the meantime from our Chinese customers, our first tactical step is provide local manufacturing capability. And that includes the microcontrollers and microprocessors. For microprocessors, it is quite straightforward because we manufacture them in 16 FinFET from a big Taiwanese foundry. I think we published this earlier. It is TSMC. And TSMC has a fully operational factory in Nanjing in China, which is doing 16 nanometers. So it's a copy exact factory of what they have in Taiwan. So we are just transferring it from Taiwan into China. So it's a fairly straightforward process to allow local manufacturing for microprocessors of NXP in China.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, well, the 16 nanometer ones are in full production plane. So they absolutely contribute to one of the three accelerated growth drivers, which we highlighted in our '21 to '24 growth. So I think we guided 9% to 14% for automotive. And there were three high growth drivers. One of them is the S32 platform, which is the performance processing for automotive. And the big part of that is indeed 16 nanometer processors. And what I can say now ahead of the November 7th Analyst Day is that for that piece we will be ahead of target. So we laid out growth targets and the automotive processing will be actually above the target which we had laid out in November '21.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Hi, Chris. Yes, I clearly say that China is in a better position than the other geographies in automotive these days, which I think is also a function of the continued success of electric vehicles in China. If you look at all the numbers, then electric vehicles, both hybrid and battery electric, continue to grow significantly. I think S&P just published something like 21% unit growth in xEVs in China in '24 over '23, which is a staggering growth. And that reflects also back into our business. So yes, I would call out China.
Kurt Sievers: Thanks, operator. Look, we really see that we have now probably the trough clearly behind us. Navigated the cycle successfully with what we call consistent gross margin performance through all of this down cycle period. The company is resuming growth, most importantly both in automotive as well as in industrial IoT. In automotive, turning from a mid-single-digit decline to a mid-single-digit growth now sequentially. In industrial IoT, we stay in the positive growth regime both year-on-year as well as sequentially. However, we also have detractors. So the digestion of direct automotive customer inventory takes longer than we had anticipated. And given that we also stay a little bit more muted in terms of how much channel refill, how fast we will do. Those factors play them into our guide for the year being more of a low single-digit decline annually over last year, which is toward the lower end of what our earlier expectations were. But the growth hasn't gone away, it just shifts out, if you will, into next year, which makes us actually quite optimistic and we will continue to be super vigilant in operating the company in a very responsible way. Thank you very much for the call this morning.
Bill Betz: Yes. Hey, C.J. This is Bill. So right now on utilizations on our internal factories, we plan to run them for the rest of the year in the low 70s. We don't expect to bring them up or fully utilize them until 2025. As you can see, we have a bit higher inventory on our balance sheet. And again, we probably have holding about 25 days in theory that belongs into the channel, so we'll navigate through that. Another 10 days of strategic inventory and the remainder of 10 days of in-orders that come in within a quarter that we want to serve the upside. So we think inventory gets back in balance sometime in 2025 at this current picture.
Bill Betz: Yes. Hey, Ross. Relate to our capital allocation again, as I stated, there's no change. We're going to be continually active buying back the stock, continue making sure our dividend is at 25% of our cash flow from operations as right now I think we're around 28% on a trailing standpoint. We're going to continue to do some small M&A tuck-ins that we've been doing over the last several quarters. Related to the timing of the cash for both ESMC and VSMC, they are at different times and they will show up in our cash flow statement in different areas. So think about the equity investments for both those ventures will show up in our equity investment accounting on our cash flow statement. And again, those are spread out for VSMC specifically. Think about five years where the first three years represent about 75% of the $2.8 billion that we talked about and the remainder over the two years. As you know, we also have an investment of a 10% equity position in ESMC. Again, similar but different timing in equity. And then there's a portion of, we break that out, of that $2.8 billion that I talked about, the $1.6 billion is equity. The $1.2 billion will come out of working capital operations. It's more of a guarantee of supply where we have to actually get more supply up front so that we can service our customers and be able to deliver incremental revenue. Because at this point in time, we just don't have that capacity available based on all the design wins we have that are going to ramp at that time frame. So that's the strategic nature of this venture related to it. Now on CapEx specifically, we're going to stay at the low end of our model at 6%. I don't see us going above that any time soon. And again, we will probably update the CapEx as a percentage of revenue during our November 7th Investor Day.
Bill Betz: Sure. Let me first say about pricing. Pricing this year is flattish. Again, no increases, no decreases, so that's not causing the movement in the gross margin. Again, in Q2 we kind of did slightly better by 10 basis points and that was driven by favorable product mix. As we transition into Q3 we do see the favorability like you point out on the higher revenues over our fixed cost. But this is being offset by slightly unfavorable product mix that we plan to ship. So therefore at the moment, those two are kind of offsetting each other. And just to remind everyone, we ship over 10,000 different part numbers a quarter on average. And to be honest with you, to manage the mix exactly right is quite difficult and that's why we put the plus or minus 50 basis points on our gross margin. Now on the positive side, we have multiple tailwinds to help improve our gross margins further. Both I would say more in the medium and long term. We talked about earlier about the internal utilizations. Again, we're going to keep them in the low 70s for the rest of the year because of balancing our inventory. But we expect in 2025 that becomes a tailwind for us as we bring that up. As clearly as revenue improves we get that fall through over the fixed costs as we demonstrated in Q3, but unfortunately the mix is slightly going the other way. Timing of the replenishing our distribution channel, it carries higher average, higher margins. And so you heard Kurt talk about we're not going back to 2.5 this year, so expect that more in 2025. Internally, ongoing productivity, cost reductions of course we're doing. We continue to have this big, big drive on really focusing on additional long tail customers with our distribution partners, which over time should benefit. As we always talk, the continued ramping of our new products which carry a higher margin. And then more longer, longer term as I had in my prepared remarks, we expect to improve our 2029 margins by over 200 basis points of whatever the actual 2028 gross margins are driven by our strategic investments in this newly VSMC joint venture. Again, we're going to talk more about this on our financial model on November 7th and you all know I've hinted many times that 58% is not our final destination.
Bill Betz: Sure, Chris. Let me take that. Based on the latest second half guidance for the revenues that Kurt talked about, we do expect internal inventory days to start coming down in Q4. As Q3 will probably be similar levels of Q2. And the reason for this, it takes a bit longer is where the inventory is staged. When you look at our Q filings, we reduced for WIP and moved products into finished goods as we service about 85% internally. So we add more value to that product through our back ends. Then this finished goods will help support the Q3 sequential growth. And we expect a similar profile entering into Q4 to ensure we service our customers around that. So again, I think this is probably near our peak levels. And hopefully we expect Q4 to start coming down and then get this back in order in 2025.
