Kurt Sievers: Yes. Hey, good morning, Ross. Thanks for your question. Indeed, the commentary I made is that we have grown optimism that we can grow above the high end of our long term growth range which was 8% to 12%, so about 12%. So, indeed. Yes, we do have the supply capability. We are gradually building more supply capability through the year. It's a huge amount of different actions, both in our own back-end test and assembly sites, in our internal front-ends. And mind you, that this year, we will be running full out with our internal front-end factories. While last year, we had the winter storm taking capacity away and we had only started to ramp the factories full up during the first and second quarter. So from a year-on-year perspective alone, that does give us more supply. But also with third-party foundry suppliers, and Bill just mentioned our supply commitments and obligations here, we purchase from our prospective obligations here. We are growing our supply capabilities. So yes, the supply capability is here. And while we will not guide the full year, Ross, it was still important I felt to make that comment because the demand situation has continued to be very, very strong. And I say continue to be very strong since our Investor Day in November. And we see the inventories, both our own ones, and I think we talked about the 83 days, we talked about the channel inventory even coming a little bit down. But also at our customers, we think inventories continue to be super lean such that we see the potential of outgrowing the 12% high end of our long-term growth trajectory.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, it is actually totally supply regulated. I mean we have more than enough demand. It is all a function of supply. And maybe here, it is worthwhile to note that you all might have seen that in the City of Tianjin in China, there was a controlled movement order, which actually meant factory shutdowns. One of our test and assembly back-end sites is Tianjin. So we had a factory shutdown there for between 1 and 2 weeks. Think about maybe $50 million impact for the first quarter. And that is all sitting on industrial and auto, which is another factor which is actually hampering supply a little bit further than we would have wished into the first quarter. Mobile, on the other hand side, Ross, you know that the last 2 quarters, we've been really struggling with supply in mobile. I think we talked about this consistently in the call. This starts to get better, which actually helps us to start to do much better in Mobile. So all of the, say, the movements quarter-on-quarter are much more a function of supply capability rather than demand.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, C.J., absolutely. I think at Investor Day, we tried to give a bit more of the deep dive on where we are in this area. And it's indeed especially about what we call the S32 platform, which is a software compatible growing family of products, mainly for the networking infrastructure part of the car. And there is a very rapid, and I would also say very forceful rearchitecture action in place with all of the OEM customers. And one of the big features here is going to be over-the-air updates, including the required security. So to make sure that the performance of the car over its lifetime can be upgraded by software updates without changing the hardware. And the way to do this is over-the-air updates and then a very, say, both elegant and efficient network architecture inside the car. And the chip which does this over-the-air update is a gateway chip. And that's one of the flagship products which we are ramping. It's called S32G for gateway. And that is ramping with major OEM names through the next few years. So that's just -- it's just 1 nice example. There is obviously more. I'm actually proud to mention because it's always difficult with OEM names in that particular industry. But I'm proud to mention or reflect on the announcement which we did, I think, in November with Ford Motor company together where we spoke about the fact that their new F-150, the Bronco, the i.MX, they will all be using, amongst others, this S32G platform for the gateway functionality.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. So first, let me just highlight again that, indeed, we are not at all concerned about that delta between the 44% of our revenue growth and the 2.5%, I think, SAR growth last year. And that is given the content increases relative to premium vehicle mix changes and electric vehicle acceleration. But also the fact that in 2020 and already earlier '19, a lot of inventory in the very, very complex extended supply chain has been or had been depleted. And then, of course, I definitely see that we also have grown market share. So indeed, for the history, we are not concerned about this. On the contrary, I continue to be chased on a -- really on a daily level to ship more product into automotive. It's still low enough as we speak. Now the measures to cope with this are, one, a very, very much higher level of transparency, which we not only do with our Tier 1 customers, but also especially with the OEM customers. So we have a lot of direct relationships built up now with the OEMs and get multiyear forecasts, which are very specific by model, by equipment, which gives us a much better view into the future in what is realistic content growth and whatnot. And in the more shorter term, of course, we work with the NCR order concept, which I think Bill had in his prepared remarks, which we actually -- especially in automotive, not only in automotive but especially in automotive, which give us a confirmed and non-cancelable or non-reschedulable order pattern for the full calendar year 2022, which is a hell a lot of more stability than we've ever had in the past. I -- from just a directional perspective, I do believe the content increase continues to accelerate. And probably on the midterm, the 2 main factors are actually the acceleration of the share of xEVs, so electric and hybrid electric vehicles, which simply have so much more semiconductor content. But also the Level 2+, Level 3 autonomy efforts are getting more and more traction again, which is a big deal for us when you think about our position in radar. So we do believe that we will continue to outgrow this market, win share and have, at the same time, a faster market development given these changes. But with the NCR orders and our relationships to the OEMs, I think we have a good handle to keep this in good track.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So Bill, clearly, it has not improved. If I think about it from a supply perspective or if I put my more positive perspective on this, the demand continues to be very, very strong. So if I look forward into Q1 and into the rest of the year, Q1, very clearly -- and I just want to be very explicit here relative to the guidance, this is completely kept by available supply. So much more demand than what we have in terms of supply. You mentioned some of the metrics which we can actually use in order to get a better feel on where this is going. Indeed, our internal inventory has further reduced. And I'm not happy to say that also the channel inventory dropped a little bit to 1.5 months. I mean we've been standing now at 1.64 for quite a long time all through last year. And mind you, this compares to a target of 2.4 to 2.5 months. And that's also the level we have come from. And the loan debt delta is about $500 million. So I do not think that we get out of this imbalance through this calendar year. It might get better in certain spots. But overall, in the markets which we are serving, and again, I don't make a comment here about the whole semiconductor industry, but I make a comment about the key markets we are being exposed to, there, I do not see that we totally come out of this imbalance until the end of the year.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So Bill, I completely confirm what you said. Definitely, last year has seen a spike in content increase due to the mix change to more premium vehicles. Absolutely agreed. I think this is going to find a natural balance. As long as overall supply of the semi industry into the auto industry will continue to be constrained, they will continue to build the more profitable, the premium vehicles. I mean that's very natural. And as soon as this maybe gets over time into a better balance, they will also start to build more of the volume cars again. But again, that is not a -- I cannot see this as a negative, Bill, because they want to build and could sell more cars anyway. I mean if you look at dealer inventories in the meantime, not only in the U.S. but also in China, they are just at rocking all-time lows, and it's getting worse and worse. So yes, it will change a little, but that is not going to go against -- as a negative against our demand because then they simply build more cars as a result.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Let me maybe get started, John, on the strategy here. We absolutely stick to our hybrid manufacturing strategy. And I also want to highlight, it has never been a function of doing this in auto and doing that in industrial and something else in mobile. It's much more a function of the kind of processing technology. There is simply anything which is below 90 nanometers, we will not do in-house. And we see no reason to change this. Honestly speaking, if you look at our results for last year, I think we've grown 28.5% year-over-year. We've probably grown faster than most of the comparable peers, which might partially have more of an in-house manufacturing strategy. I think last year, the flexibility which we could apply is actually a fantastic proof point that this manufacturing strategy is not wrong. Now going forward, we clearly are intensifying and working on long-term partnerships also with foundry partners. I mean as much as I talked earlier about the longer-term nature of our relationship with customers and the better transparency we gain here from a demand perspective, obviously, we are doing exactly the same thing on the foundry side in order to make sure this is in good balance. So no change here. There, of course, we are investing and increasing our output capability is in the -- on the back end. Because there, I think, currently, it's like 85% or so, which we are doing in-house. We don't see a reason to change that either. So here, we are continuing to expand.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Stacy, it's indeed 2 things. It is demand, and I speak about this in a second, and it is obviously supply. We've really been held back by supply the last 2 quarters. So Q3 and Q4 of last year, we clearly had a significant issue here from a supply perspective. By the way, not everything resolved, but at least improving into Q1. So that's one element. The other element is demand. And I mean I think I can understand why you are asking. But you know that we are not overly dependent on only one customer, on one mobile customer in that particular segment. So if you think about the mix of our customers, you will appreciate that there is a strong case to be made for demand going into the first quarter. And I also don't think about it as a spike, Stacy. This is not just a spike or something. It's -- I think it continues with our strategy of the attach rate of the mobile wallet. I mean that's the main factor in there and the more and more growing -- early growing part of the -- of our secure ultra-wideband solutions.
Kurt Sievers: No, we don't see it at this stage, Stacy. I mean I'm reading the same news. Our main concern is in Tianjin, China much more about our own production, which -- and I said this before, is in the meantime, fully up and running again. But that is actually where we see the issue, from a demand perspective, which indeed is largely the industrial markets largely served through distribution. We do not see any slowing at all. On the contrary, when you think about the fact that our channel inventory has further dropped, unfortunately, you know that a good -- a solid portion of that is actually in China. So, no, we are not concerned here about the demand slowing in Industrial in China.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. And then adding to this, Chris, on the NCNR, on the order side, I mean, it is as strong as a contract can be, Chris. We all know how the world can flip around. But I -- there is solid contracts behind that. So we really, really feel good about it. And I would tell you, we have actually customers who want more. So just no confusion here, it is not that we were hungry for these NCNR orders. It's actually the opposite. We cannot cover them all. So we are oversubscribed here. We cannot fulfill them all. And customers would love to place them actually over even longer periods of time. So reaching out into '23 and '24 where we are still seeing how we can best do this. So that dynamic is still going one way only. We don't see any softening. And I -- actually, I didn't say it before, but maybe I should just highlight this here. We see absolutely no order cancellation. We see no push-outs or no rescheduling of any backlog.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. I actually think, Chris, unfortunately, there's always a chance for more cost increases. So this can never be totally ruled out. So on your -- on the first part of your question, I trust we have a good visibility and also good agreements for this year. But is it truly the end forever? I don't know. I mean there could always be something. On the durability of that, I have a very firm view that this is really a reset of the industry. So no, I do not think that things will go backward, and unfortunately, neither the input costs nor our pricing to our customers. I think the 4 or 5 quarters now of this really, really tough supply situation has learned the world a lot more about the value of semiconductors in many critical infrastructure and other applications. So I think the appreciation for this industry and for the kind of product which we do to enable applications, end applications has significantly grown. And with that, hand-in-hand, has gone a reset of the pricing structure. So I don't think this is going to go backwards.
Kurt Sievers: So Joe, yes, first, I talked about automotive, but this is not just a phenomenon in automotive. I'd say with all of our direct customers, this NCNR pattern is a big desire because all of our customers consider this as a way to secure supply over a short- to medium-term period. So it ranges well beyond automotive. I should maybe also highlight that the shortages in the industry are at least as bad in industrial and other applications as in automotive. It's just that automotive continues to catch better headlines in the news, but it's not that the situation is any easier in any of the other segments we are serving. I -- if you think about the order visibility, customers want to have it longer. I said -- I think earlier I might have mentioned it already that they would love to have NCNRs for 2 years out.  So yes, I'm definitely sure on your question if they want to continue to go with a 1-year horizon. They definitely want to. I think, actually, if we are prepared for it, there might be also more cases coming where people want to have it even lower, so more than a year. And again, think about this commentary really being commentary mainly about automotive and industrial markets with very sticky products, very long life cycles, so it fits the nature of those industries. So I think it's a learning from our overall industry in order to better deal with the requirements of those markets. I don't know if this is ever going to be the case in markets like mobile and computing. It might be different there, where also the end product cycles are much shorter. So that's why my commentary is probably biased to the automotive and industrial side of the house where I think it is a big learning out of last year for the entire industry. I think -- yes, sure. Joe. I guess we run now to the end of the call. So I just want to summarize and highlight again. We feel we come off a very strong 2021 with more than 28% revenue growth. Maybe it's also worthwhile to say that if we look at the revenue growth over 2019, which was the pre-pandemic year, it is still a 25% growth. So '21 over 2019 is 25% growth. So we feel we are very well on track to our projected 8% to 12% long-term growth target. And if we look into -- more into the near term into this year, we feel increasingly optimistic, as I said, that we can be above the high end of that 8% to 12% for the calendar year 2022.
Kurt Sievers: And with that, I would like to thank you all for your attention today and speak to you next. Thank you very much.
Bill Betz: Hi, C.J., yes, for the rest of the year, we're not guiding. But our goal was to maintain, I'd say, a gross margin in the 57% range with the pluses and minuses we continue to talk about in any given quarter. Kurt just mentioned about the slight impact with Tianjin, which is impacting our margin a little bit in Q1. But that is offset by the higher revenue and volume that we're experiencing quarter-over-quarter by $60 million. So that kind of keeps it flat there for Q1. As we go forward, again, mix will play an important role as we are supply constrained. And then over the long, long term, as we talked about, is really driven by our new product introductions out further.
Bill Betz: Hey, Vivek, I'll take that question. As shared in our EPR, as part of our annual year-end audit process, we did identify a potential material weakness associated with our general internal IT controls in the areas of user access, change management and documentation. At this moment, we are very comfortable there had been no impact on our current or past financial statements. We are actually very pleased with the fixes the teams are implementing, which just take time. And we feel confident that we'll be able to remediate these internal IT controls in 2022 and ensure the proper monitoring throughout the year. We want to disclose this now for full transparency. And we plan to disclose more about the details in our annual 10-K, per our normal scheduling in the late February.
Bill Betz: Yes, sure. Hi, John. I'd say we continue to do well here and near our 23% long-term model. As you know, Q4 finished at 22.4% of sales, which was better than our guidance of the 22.7%. We just guided Q1 to be about 22.4%. And this is up mainly because of the U.S. benefits for FICA and 401(k) tending to be higher in the U.S. in Q1. But as you think ahead, and this is where you're going, we mentioned during Investor Day, we like to run around 23% with quarters fluctuating a bit. But we do see that we can get additional leverage on the model, especially in the SG&A side.
Bill Betz: Yes. Thank you. Again, if you look at CapEx, just a quick recap, in 2020, we spent 4.6%. 2021, we spent 6.9%. And you just saw in Q4, we spent 8.8%. So we think that's going to go up a little bit more for 2021 without giving you the absolute guide, but think maybe another point or so on it related to it.
Bill Betz: Yes, that was in my prepared remarks. At the moment, we have $4 billion. And those are strongly supported by actually greater than our supply commitments, backed by the non-cancelable, nonreturnable orders that we see. So the demand continues to be strong. Our customers are actually coming to us. And unfortunately, we can't serve them all.
