Kurt Sievers: Rick, are you on mute? So there might be a problem with Rick’s connection. So this is Kurt, Kurt Sievers. I will take over from Rick, such that we can get started swiftly. So once again, thanks, Jeff, and good day everybody on the call. The last several months has been one of the most disruptive periods in the semiconductor industry. But throughout this current period of widespread and unprecedented disruption due to the COVID-19 virus, we’ve never been as proud as now as of our entire NXP team. They are collectively demonstrating and living our core values during this challenging time as we continue to work supply our customers and continue to focus on the development of our key programs. We have put a dedicated team in place to focus on the safety of our employees and the management, and how our employees can work effectively, remotely and safely on site when necessary.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, thanks much, Peter. And I can just also notify everybody that Rick is back on the call now. Before we are moving on to Q&A, I still would like to take the opportunity to express my deep gratitude to Rick. And that is both on behalf of NXP, but also very much personally. Rick, this appears to be your last NXP earnings call in your capacity as CEO of the company. You have successfully led NXP since being appointed President and CEO back in 2009. And under your leadership, NXP has transformed into a profitable high-performance mixed-signal leader, definitely with the NXP/Freescale merger as a very remarkable milestone. And I want to thank you for your many years of hard work, and much more importantly, for your personal dedication and commitment building NXP into the industry leader we are today. And since I personally served for the last 10 years as a member of your NXP executive management team, I especially like to thank you for your deep trust and for everything I’ve been privileged to learn from you. In my eyes, in my view, you personally embody the NXP culture of a customer-focused passion to win, and that along with great business acumen and very thoughtful leadership. Given all of that, I am particularly glad and thankful that NXP and I can count on your continued support as a strong and close strategy advisor for the time to come. Thank you once again. And with that, operator, we open the call for questions please.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, thanks, Vivek. So, yes, we have a careful view that Q3 should be slightly up over Q2. Now, if you think about automotives specifically, mind you that you can never really track the SAR on the quarterly basis back to our business. There is too much going on in the supply chains and especially these days. So it doesn’t really work that you take the quarter 2 prospective car production, if anybody knows it at all, and hold that back to our revenue. So, our revenue for cars in automotive for the second quarter is really just the result of a very careful alignment with our main customers on mostly very application-specific products. So it’s really just the backlog alignment more than anything else. It’s not really tied to the SAR in that sense. But still what is important in this period of uncertainty, we do absolutely believe that the content increase story holds, so that continues also through this period. Secondly, what we have seen in the reports from IHS is that the premium cars are actually going down a little bit less than the average car, which is possibly good for the mix, given the fact that there is obviously more semiconductors in premium cars. This is a very broad statement. We cannot tie it back to any specific model or any specific product of ours. But that probably is a trend as long as we can see it now. Finally, of the SAR itself, we continue to use IHS as the guideline. They just came out actually on April 27, so very fresh with the latest forecast, which is a 22% decline for the year, where indeed they sharply see the biggest year-on-year decline in the second quarter. So for the car production, I would support what you are saying, but again, you cannot one on one connect this to our revenue.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, John, I’m happy to do so. So first of all, let me just clarify, indeed, the comment about the Q3 slightly up over Q2 is a comment for the entire company, so integrally for the company. I’d say the main reason, which gives us some confidence to make the statement is product customer combination specific drivers, where we have design wins, which are either starting to ramp or starting to quickly go up, when they had started to ramp a little bit earlier already. So I’d say that’s the main element, which is then across the known applications, which you’re aware of. So clearly in automotive, I continue to emphasize radar and battery management being in here. Clearly, in IoT, industrial, I would say our crossover processes now more and more along with the connectivity. You remember the assets, which we bought from Marvell is playing out nicely together. And in mobile, we have an unbroken continuation of the attach rate or the growth in the attach rates of our mobile wallet. So these are the elements, which actually are behind my comments about the Q3 positively slightly up over quarter 2.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, Ross. It is clearly face shifted, because, obviously, the biggest auto impact in Q1 was in China, while the European and U.S. factory shutdowns literally only started in the second half of March, so at the very, very end of Q1, and now hitting in Q2. So while, I think, it is fair to have some optimism about the industrial automotive activity in quarter 2 in China. It is really, really hard to say how this is going to play out in Europe and the U.S. I mean, just as an example, we all saw in the press that just this Monday. So yesterday, Volkswagen started to manufacture again. I mean, they just in Germany, they just went back to work. To my understanding, not at full capacity, but this is a gradual increase. And I think, nobody really knows exactly what’s the pace of those reopening and to what capacity level they go under which timeframe during the second quarter. But clearly, it looks like the most significant car production impact in the Western world fits them in the beginning of the second quarter, and you have to see how long it takes into the second quarter. And that gets me back to what I think, I quoted earlier about IHS. Clearly, the second quarter is according to IHS then seeing the biggest decline in car production with quite some improvement in quarter 3 from a car production perspective. Now, what Rick said earlier to one of the questions about us being very careful with understanding the end demand, this is exactly coming to this point, Ross, we try to make sure that what we are shipping to our Tier 1 customers in automotive aligns nicely to the real end demand such that we don’t overship, because we learned that lesson 10 years ago. And with that, we should – if we do that right, and we work hard on it, we should then actually not see a long delay when the car production comes up, because we shouldn’t have overship the supply chain.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. I completely second what you were saying, I would just add, Will, indeed, we have worked this very, very closely with the Tier 1 customers. All our large customers there, we have been sitting together over a number of weeks, virtually sitting together. And work this very hard to come to what we jointly believe is a reasonable forecast, which was not their first input. So it is the Tier 1 switch we’ve done it with. They are operational at this point in time. And I think in the end that was a very positive process, because it also helps them in the way forward.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, Will, I think, that’s actually working amazingly well. And I say that because I had you asked me 8 weeks ago, would that be possible, I probably, would have been much more cautious. But the matter of the fact is that with all of these key customers for us, we have very longstanding and deep relationships, which actually made it relatively easy now to do this perfectly on the remote virtual basis. So a lot of video conference work, but also internally, Rick spoke about this in the beginning, a lot of our engineers are in a work from home situation. We have almost no drops in productivity, which we could measure so far. So things really work and the same way it also works with our customers. But again, I think, it’s a result of the fact that, this is not a new relationship, which has to be built, but we’ve had these relationships for many years in most cases.
Kurt Sievers: Let me take a shot at this. So on the cash for clunker programs, I mean, I know as little or as much as you do. So there is a lot of discussion about this, which we are witnessing, I think both in the U.S. as well as in several countries in Europe. I’m not aware of a specific one which is agreed yet. And at least judging from how it did work in 2009, 2010, then it had indeed a pretty significant positive impact. But again, I don’t know more of anyone that would be agreed yet. What I do know is that China has renewed some of the similar programs for battery electric vehicles, which seems to be working. So there is clearly, as we said, not only the car sales and production in China is moving up, but also the trend for electric vehicle specifically seems to look pretty good in China. From a – I mean, we don’t give a full-year guidance and it’s really hard to say what Europe and the U.S. will do. But I think it is indeed fair to say that China seems to be on a positive path at this point, which we have to follow obviously into Q3 and Q4 if it holds. But the beginning of Q2 looks promising I would say.
Kurt Sievers: Ultra-Wide – oh, sorry – yeah, Ultra-Wideband deployment is on track to what we spoken about earlier. So we have the small amount of revenue already running in the automotive space for a keyless entry solution, which is based on Ultra-Wideband. And we continue to work very hard on seeing a mobile deployment in the second half of the year, which would deliver more significant volumes. Traction overall, both in mobile and automotive and further IoT applications is absolutely on track to our earlier expectations. So Ultra-Wideband I would say continues to be really hot. And NXP continues to be in a great leadership position.
Rick Clemmer: Thank you. While NXP has long been geographically diverse, we now have over 12,000 of our worldwide team including 90% plus of our indirect employees that are not in manufacturing, working from home or just recently returned from working from home in China and Korea. Daily our employees are taking initiatives, intentionally collaborating and focusing on delighting our customers. I am heartened to see the genuine engaged curiosity, their desire to solve problems and everyone looking to drive positive outcomes in the respective areas of expertise, and through this all displaying a sense of confidence that we will all successfully get through this. NXP is structured to adapt, to respond to unknown challenges and to support its people. As an example, our team members are ensuring that our customers in the healthcare and medical areas have critical MCU and center products to enable the increased production of respirators and other related medical equipment, though this is not a sufficient amount of revenue. Globally, we are donating PPE material, where it is needed and providing laptops to students, NGOs and nursing home patients. Our team members are also independently raising funds and donating back in their local communities to help the less privileged. For an operational perspective, all of our manufacturing facilities are up and running. Although, we did previously have some limited government ordered closures. Our manufacturing plant in China has continued to operate through the entire period. We have not experienced any major virus related supply issues. We have been extremely fortunate that the virus has not materially impacted our broad employee base. We will continue to closely monitor all government orders and take a cautious approach to allowing the employees to return from working from home. The safety of our employees remains our top priority. Therefore, we will not rush to return to the opening, so that we can limit the number of employees on site, allowing for continued social distancing, especially where we have manufacturing and other operations combined on a single site. Turning to how we view the current business environment. This crisis is unlike anything previously experienced by the semiconductor industry with rapid changing characteristics, making it hard to identify true demand indicators. We will continue, as we have always done in the past, to share information openly to enable all of our stakeholders to understand the conditions that we are operating. We currently find ourselves attempting to make accurate projections of true OEM customer demand. This is especially true in global automotive markets, where we have gone to our customers and worked with them to reduce their demand signals to more accurately reflect true auto-OEM requirements. In North America and Europe, automotive OEM and tier 1 suppliers currently have full or partial factory shutdowns and extended supply chains, although, they are beginning to identify plans for reopening. It is easy to completely focus on dramatic and negative impacts of the virus. However, we must also be aware of and [Technical Difficulty].
Rick Clemmer: Thanks, Stacy. So the $150 million that we had orders for from our DiSTI partners that we chose not to ship to be sure that we maintained our distribution inventory at the 2.4 months was probably a higher concentration of industrial, but it was across the board in all areas, so I can’t really give you the details. But I would tell you it has a concentration more on the industrial side and probably less on the other areas. Our intent is, is to continue to maintain the 2.4 months of inventory. We learned our lesson several years ago associated with this. And we’re trying to be sure that we maintain that position and control our inventory commitment into the channel. So we’re actively, as we talked about in the script, working with our customers to be sure that they adjust their demand signals, to be sure that we do not increase just the inventory or the work-in-process inventory with our OEM customers either.
Rick Clemmer: Sure. So it clearly is not any pull-forward that we see. It’s based on orders from our customers. On the sequential basis, in Q2, we’re up – or sorry, down 11% in total, but actually down 27% in automotive, while we’re up 6% in industrial & IoT, and 5% in comms and infra, and slightly up in mobile. The industrial is we – as we said in the script, we’ve actually seen some strength in China in the sell-through. Clearly, Europe continues to be fairly weak and the U.S. is also pretty weak, although maybe a little bit of glimmers of improvement in the U.S. But clearly the key indicator on the industrial side for Q2 is in our China sell-through and really what gives us confidence in being able to achieve the 6% sequential growth in the industrial & IoT. And some of that includes some of our new product deployments as well, Stacy.
Rick Clemmer: Well, John, first off, thanks for your comment. It’s been fun for the last decade. So on the demand signals, I think, what we’re really trying to communicate is as we look at the Tier 1s, and obviously the car factory is actually being shut down as well as a lot of the Tier 1. The demand signals haven’t been adjusted as much as they should have been. And so we kind of took the lead from the industry viewpoint and going back to our customers, and aggressively working with them to modify their demand signals to really more accurately reflect the production levels that were taking place. So our intent is to be sure that we’ve tried to minimize any inventory or work-in-process inventory builds throughout the process on the OEM side. We’re doing the same thing with our distribution partners. Everyone is struggling to get their hands on what the real demand is with the highly fluid levels of inputs and how things move. But we’ve aggressively worked with our customers, both OEM as well as even with our distribution partners to really modify their demand signals. We talked about we could have shipped another $150 million or more to distribution partners in Q1 based on the orders we had, and we chose not to do that. So we didn’t increase our inventory levels in the distribution channel. So our focus is really ensuring that we maintain the right kind of work-in-process inventory levels as we go through this process, not to build up the historic semiconductor industry levels that has happened frequently in the past in the industry.
Rick Clemmer: Sure. The – in Q2, our comm. and infra is projected to be up about 5% sequentially, but down 15% year-over-year. So I think, we are still in the process of seeing a little bit of improvement in the 5G deployment associated with primarily in China on base stations. And the thing that’s really fluid with that is, is there are still working the specifications and the requirements associated with it. So it really is evolving rapidly. But we see clearly the combination of the businesses that are there, including a little bit of improvement in our network processor area that contributes to that 5% in Q2. In mobile, remember, Q2 a year ago, we had a very strong quarter as Huawei really took the mobile wallet down across their product portfolio. But even with that, we’ll be up slightly in Q2 in the mobile business. So I think, all of that comes back to the fact that, we see some real improvement in China in POS that’s encouraging. And we just have to see how that continues, Ross, as we go forward.
Rick Clemmer: So Will, I’ll take a shot at it, and then I’ll let Kurt to add. What we found this is sometimes, it’s a little more difficult to communicate with our customers at the Tier 1 level, but I think everyone is working from home. So ultimately, you have the ability to communicate. I think, what we’re really trying to emphasize is that the demand signals they had not been modified for the plant closings, either at their level are at – as they look at their manufacturing facilities are at the actual automotive company leveled itself. And so, obviously, we’ve been trying to push back and actually told them that we were not going to ship parts, and went out pretty aggressively with some unique requirements on orders to be sure that we got as thorough assessment of demand as possible, because we just felt like it was critical not to be shipping orders as they were indicating and building factory that was ultimately not going to be used. So we’ve been very aggressive about that and worked with them and had good response. And I think the key is, as we go through this period of uncertainty and fluidity. We must really have good communications with customers to really know what’s going on, and I think that’s the key as being sure. And we’re able to do that as they work from home. Kurt, please add anything you’d like.
Rick Clemmer: Thank you very much. So it’s with mixed emotions that I am talking to you guys today after 11.5 years with the opportunity to work with team at NXP, and what I believe to be a true industry transformation, where we’re really focused on shareholder value and a customer-focused passion to win, to drive through product leadership. And, Kurt, I wish you the best of luck and really look forward over the next few quarters to support you in continuing to move forward from an NXP viewpoint, as we move out of the current environment, we’re in. Obviously, the current environment is very fluid and very dynamic and clearly creates a lot of mixed signals. We’re currently focused on the challenges that we see, that we want to make sure that we don’t lose sight of the opportunities and the positive trends, specifically those recent trends that we talked about related to China. We know that NXP’s long-term strategy is correct, as we have a very strong portfolio and we’re focused on what we believe are the best markets for auto, industrial, as well as being able to support the mobile wallet, and comms, and infra. We will keep maniacally focused on key development programs and stay highly engaged with our customers, and ensuring that we drive true product leadership and then focus on taking that forward to solutions levels and driving thought leadership with our customers to be able to deploy more efficient solutions. So with that, my final remarks, I appreciate all your support over the years. And I since I know there is a number of NXP team that are on the call as well, I really appreciate all of your support. And it’s been a real honor to work with you over the last 11.5 years. And we’ll continue to look forward to supporting Kurt and the team as we move forward for the next few quarters. Thank you very much.
