Jeff Palmer - Vice President: Thank you, Turia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NXP Semiconductors' fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. With me on the call today is Rick Clemmer, NXP's President and CEO; and our new CFO, Dan Durn. If you have not obtained a copy of our fourth quarter 2015's earnings press release, it can be found at our company website under the Investor Relations section at nxp.com. Additionally, we have posted on our Investor Relations website a supplemental earnings summary presentation and a document of our historical financials to assist you in your modeling efforts. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on our corporate website. Our call today will include forward-looking statements that include risks and uncertainties that could cause NXP's results to differ materially from management's current expectation. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the macroeconomic impact on specific end markets in which we operate, the sale of new and existing products, and our expectations for financial results for the first quarter of 2016. Please be reminded that NXP undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. For a full disclosure on forward-looking statements, please refer to our press release today. Additionally, during our call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which exclude the impact of purchase price accounting, restructuring, stock-based compensation, impairment, merger-related costs and other charges that are driven primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to NXP's underlying core operating performance. Pursuant to Regulation G, NXP has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our fourth quarter 2015 earnings press release, which will be furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K and is available on NXP's website in the Investor Relations section. Before we begin the call, I have a few updates on our upcoming investor events. On March 1, we will be attending a Morgan Stanley TMT Conference in San Francisco. On March 16, we will be attending Barclays Emerging Payments Conference in New York City. And finally, on April 28, we'll be hosting our Analyst Day in New York City. We'll be opening an online registration site in a few weeks to enable for registration. I'd like to now pass the call to Rick.
Jeff Palmer - Vice President: Yeah. Hey, Stacy, it's Jeff. I think as Dan mentioned, I don't think we're going to parse out where the starting point is on the synergies as Dan has prepared – at beginning of his prepared remarks said we feel very good that we've identified these synergies. The teams are off to a fast start monetizing those synergies. But, look, as the company continues to grow and do very well, we will invest in the business. But the synergies are very identified, and we're not going to break them out on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So I understand the question.
Jeff Palmer - Vice President: I think, Stacy, what's difficult, as Dan mentioned, is given purchase price accounting, there are a lot of movements. So, what I'd like to do is maybe when you and I have a call back later on today, we go through the details of that.
Jeff Palmer - Vice President: We're not going to go to that level of granularity. The question is completely obvious. But what Rick said is we're a single company going forward. We're very excited about the two companies together. In the last quarter, NXP was slightly weaker against our guidance, Freescale a little bit better against their guidance, the midpoints, but we're not going to parse them down to the individual level because it's just – it's apples and oranges. Quite honestly, we only had one month stub of Freescale, full quarter of NXP. I don't think we're going to be able to go there for you.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Well, John, I think, first off, I don't think you can look at growth rates on a quarterly basis. I think you really have to look at that over a more sustained basis. If we look at annually, I think it's very clear that NXP continue to outperform our peers in 2015. And we feel confident we'll continue to outperform the industry in 2016. If you look at it quarter by quarter, clearly, Q4 and Q1 are messy as we bring the two companies together. I think we were pretty clear that when we went through the combination that we felt very good about the possibility for Q4 results. I think when you look at our revenue versus the guidance and versus the range that both companies had published last quarter, NXP was probably a little bit light of the midpoint, while Freescale was a little bit stronger than the midpoint. Frankly, it doesn't matter at this point in time. We have one company brought together to be able to address our customer solution requirement. We feel like we'll continue to outperform the industry going forward.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: John, you know in the semiconductor industry, you're doing good just to get close to a range. I'll try to give you the details behind that relative to what goes into disti and what goes otherwise is probably a bridge too far. I think what we have to do is be sure that we manage the distribution and inventory correctly. We think we're down in the range of the level of inventory that we'd like our partners to have because that's recently paid in that margin, is to be sure they have the inventory there to be able to serve the market. At 2.7 months, we feel good about that even though it's a little bit higher than where we would have been on an NXP-RF-Freescale basis from a historic view point. But we actually feel like that's more in line with the range that we need to be in. We clearly have some pockets that are slightly above where we would like for those to be. And one of them that we talked about last time was the aftermarket car radio market primarily in Asia and China. And I talked about that business and I think I talked about it not as clear as I should have, and that business is around a fourth to a third from a buy-in viewpoint of our car infotainment which again was half of the old NXP's Automotive business. And if you look at it from a dollar basis, it was more like high-single digits to low-double digits, but from a volume viewpoint, it's a fourth to a third of the volume associated with it. So, there, clearly, in that case, our inventory, we were able to bring it down some in the Q4 timeframe, but it's still above the level we'd like for it to be. That business, we definitely saw some improvement associated with it, but we have to get back to a steady state run rate basis. But that's all the moving pieces and details that we really can't get in to projecting the details of those, John. It's more about giving you guidance relative to what we see in total and continuing to outperform the industry.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. So, I guess, what we see is we continue to see strong demand in the segment from both the U.S. and Northern European manufacturers. We think that's really fundamental to the growth. The best thing that we can see for 2016 is we still expect a 2% or 3% SAAR growth. So we don't see it going up, clipping up significantly. We don't see it falling off. Demand in Europe continues to be solid. The demand in the U.S. continues to set records as of the recent input. And then in China where we had seen the fall-off kind of in the follow-up last year with some of the government tax incentives, we've seen the smaller car production move back up associated with that. So, I think that's kind of the fundamentals that we see relative to the industry with the discussion about what the implications are if SAARs did not grow. I think the key for us is really our opportunity to focus on the emerging area in ADAS, or assisted driving, because I don't know that it's going to really be pure automated driving near term, but assisted driving, making driving safer and then making it more secure by providing the enhanced security for the car. With the security capability that NXP's had historically, and the real product portfolio that we have on a combined basis, we're really in an excellent position to be able to provide security to the car manufacturers and provide a complete secure car. And we see a lot of interest in that area especially off of the car hacking that took place several months ago with the car industry and all of the car companies much more interested in that. When you look at the opportunity about assisted driving, the position we have and the product we announced at CES with the technology from the combined company, the Freescale microcontroller combined with the legacy NXP-RF CMOS front end – radar front end really puts us in a leadership position to be able to address that with the vehicle-to-vehicle design wins that we've talked about, with the first one ramping later this year for the 2017 model year through Delphi. And we've won a number of other design wins on vehicle-to-vehicle, the strong radar position that Freescale's had historically combined with the new solution that we talked about coming from CES. In addition, products that Freescale had developed in the past that we can take forward, we think, puts us in a leadership position to really be able to address the fastest-growing segment of automotive market which will be in the assisted or automated driving area. So, our position there will clearly put us in a different position than just the typical automotive semiconductor shipments. And when you look at that combined with the security basis, I think that's pretty clear that we should be in a position to outperform just the overall semiconductor automotive market.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Vivek, if I could just add one thing to that. I think if you actually look at the performance of the legacy NXP business and the legacy Freescale business, we both took actions with the environment in the previous few quarters as we saw the pending merger. And so, if you look at the OpEx levels that we had through that period of time, they were really leading edge associated with it. As we move forward, clearly, we're going to invest at appropriate levels to be sure we grow the business, but we'll modulate that based on the environment that we see. So, I think the best way to describe it is we'll come back to you with Analyst Day more on a percent basis because, again, we plan on continuing to invest in growing this business and ensuring that we continue to outgrow the market going forward.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: So, we talked about the combination of the two companies really positions us quite well on connected devices, and actually if you're more complete in that connected devices than the infrastructure to support that with connected devices. So, a lot of people called that the Internet of Things and talk about opportunity. You can read all over the place, from 25 billion to 30 billion items by 2020 to as many as 50 billion items by 2020. So, clearly, bringing the strength of both companies together positions us extremely well to be able to participate in that high-growth market between now and 2020. When you think about the overall semiconductor demand outside of automotive, we think that the high-end smartphones business is not going to have the same growth it has historically. We think we're getting to levels that are not going to have the same kind of growth. The interesting thing that we have is, is that the deployment of the mobile wallet in smartphone is still at a relatively low level in total. And with the implementation of Apple Pay, which I understand is going to be implemented in a few months in China, we think that the rest of the market that's supplying the market besides iPhone will have to have an equivalent product to be able to be competitive with the iPhone solutions in China. So, we're very excited about the opportunity there that's moved out over a period of time from what we would've originally anticipated, but we still see the opportunity to be significant. But even above that, what we're really trying to do to accelerate that growth is working with the transit authorities in China. We're working with the 10 largest cities in China, throw out a solution using a smartphone as really the approach for our ticketing to accelerate the boarding of the transit systems and improve the convenience, while maintaining the security associated with it. So, we see that as a significant opportunity. The position that we have with the combined microcontroller business and the ability to drive to i.MX are significant opportunities that we think we're well-positioned to be able to address in the market. And when you look at the near-term, we see some sign of life with the base station market in China actually driving some near-term improvements associated with it, although the sustainability of that over an intermediate period of time is probably questionable based on the logistical approach that we've seen all the base station customers look at. So, we see a number of growth areas in the near-term that will create growth in the new NXP going forward, and are quite excited about the opportunity to participate in those and continue to feel comfortable that we'll exceed the growth of the overall semiconductor industry as we've consistently been able to deliver.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Craig, we do appreciate that you picked up on the – joining the 50-plus club going forward. We are very pleased with the accomplishment of now moving into the 50-plus category on the gross margin, although we continue to believe the thing that's really important is the operating income level, which is what's going to drive the overall cash flow of the business. But I think the important thing that we have is with the base that we've established already of 50-plus. And as we've talked about, probably roughly 20% of the synergies coming in the form of cost of goods gives us a really good solid basis to be able to continue to see our gross margins expand going forward.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Yeah. I think the relationship of both companies is being quite strong, although it's different by different customers. I think when you look at it on a combined basis, we cover all of the major Tier 1s associated with strong relationships. As we've met with the leadership of all of those companies, they've been quite pleased and excited about the opportunity. We had a number of customers that actually engaged with both companies in an agreement before the close of the transaction through an improved process so that when you work together on a solution, bringing the technology of legacy Freescale and legacy NXP together to be able to drive a solution which has really been exciting for our customers, when you actually look at – on the car infotainment side where legacy NXP basically owns the audio side of the car radio market, we think there is – the feedback from our customers is that if we can drive the apps processor before we'll bring kind of a complete solution to them, kind of a radio in a box that they can then work on areas where they can work on fidelity and sound quality that's beyond just the electronics itself. They continue to be very excited. So, we had a very successful CES show where we had significant participation and a lot of excitement through the combination of the products and actually saw the Secretary for the Department of Transportation who came to cheer specifically the demos that we have associated with ADAS and assisted driving and the implications that it might have in making driving safer with this concern, specifically in the U.S., but obviously for around the world. So, we think that we can play a significant role in making driving safer and more secure. And we've had nothing but extremely positive feedback from all the customers that we've engaged with.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Well, we've definitely taken actions relative to legacy NXP basis where we had some of our Asian distis that were providing us information on a monthly basis, considerable weekly basis that we've now corrected and have that information flow in on a weekly basis so we can do a much more complete and thorough analysis of the inventory levels on a more real-time basis than what we're able to do in the past. We also made some organizational changes to be sure that we have the detailed analysis to be able to support that. So, I think we've taken some of the right steps. We have more to do as we go forward to be sure that we drive that, but really the key is shipping a lot less in. So, we reduced the shipments into the distribution channel by 22% in the quarter on a combined basis while the shipments out of distis was only down 5%. So, I think we took proactive measure as we really saw that inventory grow to be able to adjust that on a pretty real-time basis although, clearly, we've got caught in on the quarter end in Q3 where we had to take the actions in Q4 to actually get back to the sustainable level or a level that we felt comfortable with. But I think we've taken the actions. We've taken appropriate actions. It's been a high priority for us in the last few months to be sure that we do that. And Dan's put some people on specifically to be sure that we're looking at it in a different fashion, a more thorough fashion. And we've been able to work with our distribution partners to be sure that we get that information on a more consistent basis as well.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: So, I think we've talked about that earlier. But if you look at that, we still have inventory levels that are higher than what we would like in the car radio aftermarket. We made some progress in the Q4 levels that we would anticipate not getting down to the absolute level that we'd like to be at for at least another quarter. I think we have seen the market improve somewhat which is good in the car radio aftermarket. And maybe you didn't catch it earlier when we talked about that from last earnings call where we said a fourth to third of the car infotainment market was in the car radio aftermarket, that was really in terms of quantity, not in terms of dollars. When you actually take it into dollars, it's more like high-single to low-double-digit percent of the car infotainment market which would put it at half that from a (53:11) legacy NXP basis and on a combined NXP and Freescale basis at even much more reduced, so it would be roughly a fourth or so of that level. So, it's not really significant or material in the combination of the two companies, but the inventory level is not the level that we'd like for it to be on a consistent basis. And we still have actions underway to get that down to the appropriate level.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: Well, C.J., thanks. I think the key is basically what I talked about earlier. So, while we believe that Apple Pay deployment in China and not, by the way, just China, but I think they announced four or five countries that they're deploying Apple Pay too in a very near-term basis. I think that's going to change the landscape for all of the China Inc. high-end smartphones where they're going to have to have an equivalent capability to Apple Pay to be able to capture their share of the market. So, I think that's really the important facet, but the thing I also mentioned was that if we've actually taken steps to accelerate that. We're working with the transit authorities in China in the 10 largest cities actually implementing the transit ticketing capability on the smartphones, which is extremely convenient in accelerating the boarding of the mass transit systems and the ability to make it much more convenient as well as secure for the users. So, we see that opportunity being one of the significant contributors to that. We also have in that segment the microcontroller business and we can plan to continue to see strong growth there based on the design wins we have and be a significant contributor as well. So, with the combination of both of those areas that we think gives us the ability to see that growth going forward and allows us to feel comfortable about the opportunity to significantly outgrow the overall market.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: C.J., we still believe that the important thing is the operating income percent and not gross margin percent. But at the same token, we finally have gotten to the point where we can join that 50-plus club and are very pleased with the opportunity to continue to move forward from where we are.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: So, thanks, Will. I think it's really important to understand that we still maintain that true leadership is the only way to managing the semiconductor business. So, you'll see the combined business be very focused on at least the one-and-a-half times RMS on the areas that we're investing in. And we'll clearly drive a focus on our investment to be sure that we're doubling down in those areas where we can do that and we're cutting back in the areas where we don't have that same opportunity. So that is one of the culture fundamentals of the combined company that we believe will be important in contributing shareholder value for us. As far as the management styles, I think you've been a little kind on us. I mean, the historic NXP management style, I would tell you, is more about a nomadic management style, while clearly Greg and the team were very fortunate to primarily be in Austin with kind of a hub-and-spoke management style. So, I think that's clearly an adjustment that we're going through. We've seen nothing but cooperation from the Freescale managers that are joining. I think Dan has already gotten his housing taken care of in Eindhoven. So we'll still be headquartered in the Netherlands associated with it. But our management style requires very much of a nomadic basis. And unfortunately, that's really a burden that we put on our managers, but we think being close to the customers and close to the employees around the world is really the best way to drive the success, and we'll expect to continue to see that going forward. We had seen that be well received on the Freescale side. It requires more discipline relative to communication, so that you have to schedule time for video conferences and conference calls to be able to maintain communication. But it's an approach that we have found to have worked well so far and we see no reason it won't continue to work well going forward.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: I think you're – I mean, that's very observant, Will. I think when you look at it, the Automotive strength in the guidance for Q1 clearly is there and we've seen a real strong uptick from our customers in both legacy sides of the house associated with that. So, it's not any one side or the other. We see a very strong position in Automotive across the board. When you talk about the interface and the infrastructure, a significant share of that comes from – of the outlook comes from an improvement in the RF Power business in the near-term. Now, how sustainable that is over the long-term, I think that we've proven that the logistics capability of our base station customers is not world-class. But the bottom line is for the near term, we see an improvement, we see requirements, and so that definitely contributes to the Q1 outlook that we laid out. And clearly, everyone knows that the smartphone market is much weaker than what it's been and continues to be reflected in our outlook as well.
Richard Lynn Clemmer: So, in closing, I guess we'd like to share with you four key messages. Integration of the two companies is on track. We see even more opportunity on the product side than we had originally anticipated, and our customer reaction to the combination has been enthusiastic. NXP becomes more diversified in terms of product, customers, end markets and geographic exposure. The merger will substantially enhance our margin profile due to the ongoing operational improvements combined with the cost synergy. Finally, the cash generation capability of the combined company is very significant even in the challenging environment as we demonstrated the capability in our Q4 results and become even more so as we move forward with the benefit from the combination. Thank you very much for your interest and support.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. Thanks, John. I think I'd just start by saying both of the respective companies that comprise NXP today, I think, have great track records in terms of cost discipline and driving an efficient cost structure. As we take a look at any given quarter, there's going to be lumpiness. For instance, there's going to be mass costs that come into play some quarters and not in others. Transitioning into Q1, we always know there's headwinds as it relates to things like social security tax. So, there's a number of moving pieces that create issues like that. We also know that revenue falls off faster than cost compressed, and so they don't scale linearly with revenue. What I will say is, given the track record both companies have, we are 100% focused on driving efficient cost structure, driving cost discipline into the business. We're making good progress. And from a full year synergy target standpoint, I think we've been clear, we're going to talk about it on full year basis and not get into the details of how it profiles. But we're off to a good start and we're very confident with where going to land this company in 2016 with respect to the $200 million of synergy targets.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Ross. So, from a leverage standpoint, you rightfully point out that the numerator includes all of the debt. The denominator includes partial credit from a profitability standpoint. And I think where the expectations were set pre-close from a leverage ratio standpoint. We're very close to that in terms of where we sit today around 2.7 from a net-debt-to-EBITDA perspective. In terms of the long-term targets, I think it'll be premature to get out in front of the Analyst Day. We'll come back with more specific guidance of how we see those ratios trending over time and make smart choices with our capital structure with respect to debt and equity.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. So, I think what you're asking fundamentally at the core of that question is to do what we said we wouldn't do, which is begin to parse out the profile of synergy capture throughout the year. And so, again, I would stick with my comments that we feel confident about where we're going in terms of overall synergy capture for the year. And we feel like we're off to a really good start in that.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Stacy. As you know, in any merger, purchase price accounting has a lot of moving pieces, but I would suggest on this rather than getting into the nuance of the movements one way or another. We take it as an action item to follow up with you, walk you through the full detail from a purchase price accounting standpoint and go into the detail as granular as you'd like with respect to this.
Daniel Durn: Yes. So a couple points. I want to disaggregate the cost synergies from just driving a disciplined business as the cycle fluctuates up and down. So if we talk about synergies, the company is driving hard to capture the $200 million. Feel very confident that we'll actually probably exceed that. But let's stick with the $200 million target. On the April 28 Analyst Day, we will provide margin guidance to the community which shows progression over time and it'll reflect the capture of those synergies. With respect to how we operate the business, given the fluctuations up and down in the cycle and the discipline with which we do that, they're not related to the synergies. And so, accelerating the synergies because of the ups and down movements of the cycle, we're just going to run a disciplined business and position ourselves for success going forward. I think we have appropriately aggressive targets with respect to synergy capture, and we're going to stay disciplined in terms of executing to the plan we have in place. On top of that, depending on what we see from a macro environment standpoint and a specific industry perspective, we will operate and manage the business in a way to drive value for shareholders.
Daniel Durn: Absolutely. So, in any given quarter, you're going to have puts and takes and you're going to have some businesses performing stronger, others performing weaker. And as we aggregate that performance in Q4, we get the type of margins we're talking about. What I would say, though, is the last 10 months, last year of merger integration planning and being able to get out of the box strong and having the operations team that has a standard set of metrics in place, factories are aligned to a consistent set of goals. Technology roadmaps are integrated and locked in place. We've got a number of pieces in place that allow us to nimbly manage the infrastructure based on the environment we find ourselves in to produce the results that we saw in Q4. So, it's as much a mix as it is the way in which the teams are coming together and aggressively managing in the tough environment. As we roll forward to Q1, again, there's going to be puts and takes. First quarter as a combined company out of the box. We want to be disciplined and appropriate from a guide standpoint. But with Q1, it's typically a difficult quarter because annual price negotiations that we have with our customers start to get layered in, in Q1. And then over the course of the year, we continue to grind out the cost and efficiency of the operating assets to get the gross margin in line. So, typically, Q1 is a little bit of a headwind for us but we're aggressively managing it and looking to mitigate those impacts as much as possible as we deliver Q1 results.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. So, a couple of things on that, Blayne. First, we're straight-lining interest expense throughout the year. We'll come back on April 28, talk about long-term capital structure, target ratios, those types of things and still get a little bit more granular in terms of the puts and takes and how that profile is not only for the balance of the year, but looking into subsequent years with respect to near-term decisions on the capital structure. But we're going to make smart choices about how we deploy the strong cash flow profile of this company and do smart things. But on April 28, we'll spend more time talking about what that looks like longer-term.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. So, from a timing standpoint, look, we understand the power in the gross margin. If we really want to invest for future growth in this business, every ounce of efficiency we drive into the operating assets, every ounce of efficiency we drive from an SG&A standpoint, allows us to invest in a way that will drive future growth. So, we understand the importance of the bookends for the R&D line from a synergy standpoint, and we're not wasting any time driving really, really hard and getting a fast start. And I think you see some of the evidence of that in the current quarter, and you'll see that profile over 2016. And I think Rick went into detail on the businesses where we are seeing some signs of strength and certain areas that were showing some signs of weakness. And I would hesitate to go into more granular detail than what he's sort of offered at the highest level now between the different operating segments.
Daniel Durn: Thanks. I think if we rewind the clock a year and we look at a similar quarter from a year ago and what was communicated in terms of the long-term approach Freescale was going to take to drive gross margins, I don't think anything changes there. What I would say is use that as the starting point. We're very confident in what we laid out a year ago. We still see the same opportunities in front of us. And on April 28 we'll spend a little more time talking about what that means inside of the combined company and how we drive that gross margin profile on a go-forward basis.
Daniel Durn: And just to add a little bit to what Rick said, if I may. We made a decision – well, first of all, I'm glad you're asking about culture. Based on my prior experience, culture is one of those key elements to successful integration. And you got to get it right if you want to drive the value from the industrial logic that ultimately created what we're creating here. We made a decision a while ago that as soon as we close this transaction, there's no more us versus them or us and them. It is just we. It drives a philosophical approach to address the issue that you are raising right now. And we've made surprisingly good progress early, early on in melding these two cultures, and getting everybody focused on our customers' requirements and success in the marketplace. I couldn't be happier with the cultural integration progress we're making, but the approach we're taking really at the core of that is a philosophical belief on the importance of mending our – blending these cultures on a go-forward basis. And so, I know there's unsatisfied questions out there on unpacking the results in former Freescale, former NXP, but it really is consistent with our philosophical approach, and the importance we place on blending these cultures that we no longer have them and us, literally day one. And we drive this into our own company on a day-to-day basis. It is we, and that's a bit of what's driving the philosophical approach to some of those questions.
