Richard L. Clemmer: So -- thanks, John. So first off, I think it's important to realize that for -- mobile for us is growing with the design wins we've had in smartphones. So it was a year or so ago, it was kind of high single-digit, now it's up to kind of in the low-teens, I would say. But that's across all of our business segments including Standard Products and logic, transistors and diodes, which changes quite a bit as they changed their design. So at one point in time they had up to 20 ESD diodes in some of the -- or 25 ESD diodes in some of smartphones. And as they do the redesigns, that comes down. So that's a changing factor. What we did see was healthy growth across all of our customers in the smartphone space, but just not quite as healthy as what we originally anticipated. The one benefit we had was the ramp up of design wins that we talked about, specifically in the sister [ph] hub and continued success in the interface part of the smartphone market that we talked about. So those are really the key bases for us and, yes, obviously we've taken into account the best estimates that we can of our customer expectations although, as we all know, in the Mobile business, that bounces around a quite a bit. But we've reflected what we believe to be the best projections associated with that. And I think it's just a good testament to the continued design win success that we've had at the leading smartphone customers.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think it's one of our key priorities and with that, we're very -- as we talked about this year, we were very convinced of double-digit growth, if you look at Q3 with basically 20% growth year-over-year, kind of demonstrates the robust strength that we have in that business across a broad array of portfolios, everything from transit ticketing to eGov with passports and ID cards and mobile transactions. And so the strength we have associated with that is the weakness as far as projections associated with it from your perspective, because it does go into transit ticketing. It does go into RF ID tags. It does go into passports, which are very project-oriented [ph], and up-and-down associated with it. The one area that kind of grows significantly is certainly on the mobile transactions with the design wins we have. So I guess the best way to say is we feel very comfortable that we'll grow at least 50% faster than the market in that space, and it will be double-digit growth. But as far as giving you some indices to really be able to model off of, I don't think we can really to that because, frankly, it's just not that easy a business to do the projections associated with. I think that there's no reason to believe that it'll be significantly different than what we've been able to accomplish. Although clearly, on a project orientation basis, it'll have some ups and downs associated with it. But we continue to feel extremely good about our ID business and the success we will have with new handset models going forward on mobile transactions. Although to be fair, it'll kind of be mid to next -- mid-next year to next fall before we see a significant ramp up in additional design wins in the mobile transaction space.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, the drag on growth, it's -- we're more focused on profitability in Standard Products than we are growth. We've always said that we'll try to grow in line with the market in Standard Products and not outgrow the market. That our HPMS growth of growing at least 50% faster than the market because of the significant share of our total business that HPMS is. Standard Products is 1/5 or so of our total business. So it's not a significant factor relative to the growth, but -- and we want to really focus on ensuring we deliver -- continue to deliver industry-leading profit margins in Standard Products as far as [ph] the Standard Products business competitors as opposed to driving growth. So it'll continue to be a factor in our overall growth. I think it was particularly impactful in Q3 because it was negative and took our 15% year-over-year growth in HPMS down to single digit in total when you combine it with Standard Products. But our plan is, is that we want to continue to grow at least 50% faster than the market, but our Standard Products business basically grow in line with the market as we really continue to focus on profitability of that business as opposed to top line revenue.
Richard L. Clemmer: We've said that after we got to that level, we would continue to expect it, on an annual basis, to contribute around 100 basis points of profitability, although it will be somewhat different on a quarter-by-quarter basis depending on the project and relationships that are signed up on an individual quarter basis. But then on the full-year basis, we would expect about 100 basis points.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, Ross, I think -- again, I think the key factor for us is the ramp up of the design wins that we've talked about previously and the ability to support the customer engagements that we've been able to drive associated with that. I think that's really the key factor for us that allows us to be better than seasonal in Q4. Typically, Q4 would be down a little bit. So this gives us the ability to really be better than seasonal. I think that, overall, general demand, we don't still see a robust recovery. We've talked about -- we don't think our book-to-bill is very effective way to measure the status of the business, but it's certainly not anything to write home about. The general environment continues to be spotty, but it's based on the design wins that we have and the ramp-up of those design wins and the customer engagements that give us the comfort relative to being able to do the projected revenues for Q4. So I think it really does confirm, once again, the success we've had with the design wins and the differentiated basis that allows us relative to the rest of our analog mixed-signal peers.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think we have tire tracks on our back from trying to project the growth associated with the High Performance RF business. So we have been a little more cautious than some other semiconductor suppliers into that space. Clearly, we saw growth in Q3. We think that, that will roll off a little bit in Q4 just with kind of normal seasonality. But one of the key factors for us has really been the increased design wins in HPRF as well. So if you look at where we've gone on 2G, where we're 20%, 25% market share to 3G where we were just under 50% and at -- with 4G or LTE where the design wins we believe that we've won are more than half the market, maybe as much as 60% of the market, with the engagements with the new customers that we haven't had in the past at the same level. So that's really what drives our fundamental growth in HPRF. But it's still a lumpy business. It's just not easy to do projections. What we've tried to do is streamline our process flows to be sure that we have some raw material inventory in place so that we can handle the flex up. But yet if the orders don't materialize not have quite as much financial impact on the downside. But it will continue to be a lumpy business. We feel good about our position and where we are, but it's certainly not a smooth business that is what most of you guys would like to see on just a smooth upward trend.
Richard L. Clemmer: Actually, that's not correct. Our Q1 is usually down kind of mid-single digit and on a seasonal basis, and we would expect that to kind of be -- we wouldn't see anything that would change that perspective associated with it. We're not giving you any projections for Q1. We talked about we still want to, at least, grow -- outgrow the market by 50% for the full year. But typically, on a seasonal basis, our Q1 is down kind of mid-single digit, and then we see a little bit of an uptick in Q2, the strongest quarter being Q3. And typically, Q4 is down slightly. Although, this year, we don't see the same downward pressure that we typically do. But clearly, Q1 is typically a down quarter for us on a seasonal basis. And we'll give you more guidance on that when we do the Q1 outlook in 90 days.
Richard L. Clemmer: So, Jim, we have a conviction to really move forward in a basis where we want to confirm that we can outgrow the market. And the key for us is that the business at a bottom line EBIT level is still on a positive basis around that 25% basis where it's creating significant shareholder value, we're going to do everything we can to do that. So we have a very strong position that we want to be as focused as we can on driving the top line growth so long as it's a profitable business for us. We're not going to get in businesses that are in mid-teens or upper-teens from an operating income basis. But on an ongoing basis, if it delivers to the bottom line results, which most of those do because of the significant volume nature associated with it, then we want to be very focused on taking as much of it as we can. [indiscernible] about the gross margin, but focused on the EBIT margin.
Richard L. Clemmer: Jim, there's always a concern that you have to be somewhat balanced. I think one of the strengths of our portfolio is the different businesses that we play in, so that we can have different segments that contribute at different times. And so, I actually believe that the portfolio we have gives us more of a strength to weather through some of the typical semiconductor cyclicality better than some of our peers that are much more focused.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes. So I think we're just as convinced on the opportunity associated with NFC across the board as we ever have been. We see the strength associated with that. We see that, as that takes place, the ease-of-use, which is really what it's about, and the security that it offers in protecting the mobile wallet as being key contributing factors. So I think we still feel just as good about NFC as we did when we invented it a decade ago. And clearly, the basis that it's taken longer to materialize has been a cost to us. But I think that if you look at the design wins we have across the board, we feel very comfortable about the continued movement. And as we look at financial transactions, we think that ease-of-use and the security that comes from having the secure element as well that makes the banks and the credit card companies feel much better about supporting the mobile transactions is really the key associated with the growth. But I think -- we think that the growth -- the fundamental growth associated with it is just as strong as we've seen. Most of the industry is still projecting that 1/2 of the smartphones by the year 2015 will have -- be NFC-enabled and we certainly concur with that and believe that the design win momentum we have would support that.
Richard L. Clemmer: Thanks. I'm sorry, I forgot. So I think we actually feel just as good as we have about the cyber security opportunity. Clearly, it's an area that's in its infancy. The one good thing is that Google actually at a conference announced that we're the supplier of their -- gosh, I forgot what they call it.
Richard L. Clemmer: Nivi [ph]. A product that will actually store everyone's individual passwords and give -- it will actually do authentication of the access to the cloud that they've rolled out on the enterprise side. So they talked about our product being the key component that supports that. We hadn't been able to talk about that previously. But since they've talked about it at their conference, we can talk about the design win we have there. So I think we're still in the infancy phase associated with that, but we're quite excited about the unique security capability that we have in being able to provide a very compelling value proposition and providing a secure access to the cloud and being able to fight cyber security. So as far as next year, it's not going to be huge in moving the bottom line, but it's really about seeding the market and being able to provide the foundation for the significant opportunity that exists in the intermediate-term future.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes. With a significant discount to our peer trading, clearly, our focus will be on repurchasing shares as frankly you saw in Q3 with the strong repurchase that we did and -- but that will be balanced off with the opportunity to continue to pay down debt if that's a good return for our shareholders or looking at growth through acquisitions that we really haven't put much effort and attention on previously. So obviously, there would be boundary conditions around anything we would do, which would have to be significantly accretive. We wouldn't want it to be huge, so we'd want to be able to be back to within our 2x annualized EBITDA basis within 3 to 5 quarters or so. So we're not talking about huge acquisitions. But if they can drive significant shareholder value appreciation then, clearly, we'll put more attention and focus on that than we have previously when we've been maniacally focused on driving down our debt to the 2x annualized EBITDA up to now.
Richard L. Clemmer: And now, with private equity being below 24% of our shareholding, some of the excuses associated with private equity ownership at least gets minimized associated with it.
Richard L. Clemmer: [indiscernible] we could do the same thing next year. It's something that they've chosen to do relative to trying to address their tax -- their deficit issues in the Netherlands.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we've talked about this. First off, I think we should be clear. We have over 200 SKUs that we've won design wins associated with, while maybe our competition's won maybe 10 to 15 or something. So we still continue to be in a very strong leadership position associated with NFC solutions on a broad-based customer. The well-known Galaxy IV design win loss that we had clearly has been a significant factor on our revenue, but we're in very aggressively on Galaxy V and in support of any other design wins that are required to able to drive this. So we plan to continue to be a leader in the mobile payment space and feel very confident with the next generation of technology that's being deployed with our customers now that we're getting extremely good feedback about the performance associated with it and our ability to be successful in continuing to drive that leadership basis. So I wouldn't say that we backed off of that or anything, it clearly -- we have the well-known design win loss that had an impact now, but it continues to be focus area for us. But again, it will have some nominal impact on our total revenue because it's only about 5% of total revenue. But it's very important for us to be able to maintain the momentum in our -- the security aspects of ID business because our real focus is on the secure element and ensuring that we can drive the success there, where we have a unique technology lead and a unique technology position. While the NFC radio itself is frankly just another radio, although we have some good technology there as well. But our real focus is on the security side and how we can drive the secure element on a broad basis to be able to meet the requirements of the credit card companies and the banks, as they plan to continue to focus on rolling out mobile payments.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we've talked about that we had those -- we've made most of the operational improvements back a quarter or so ago, and it just takes a quarter to flow through the inventory valuation on our P&L. So I think we're performing fairly well associated with the operational performance in Standard Products. I think we have to continue to be very focused on which parts of the markets we engage in to be sure that we can drive the improvement in bottom line results that we're focused on. Clearly, even with the improvements that we had this quarter, there's some significant improvements to get back into the operating range that we would like to operate that business. So we would expect to continue to see improvements as we go forward associated with being more focused on the product mix and ability to drive the scale of that business. But the operational performance that we talked about -- the quality issues, which were roughly 1/3 of the decline we had earlier in the year, we think those are pretty well behind us. That's not to say that something couldn't happen again. But clearly, the ones that we talked about at that point in time are pretty much behind us now.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I think we have to be real careful associated with that. I mean, we're going to do what's in the best interest of our shareholders. That's our focus. And we've said that we believe getting below 2x annualized EBITDA, where we were at least at a metric of investment grade, not that we'll be investment grade without the ratings agencies going through a cycle or 2 associated with it, but we felt like that it was imperative that we had to focus on driving our debt down to be below 2x annualized EBITDA. As we achieve that, then we'd have more flexibility to focus on other alternatives to be able to drive shareholder value that includes M&A, but not limited to M&A. And in fact, at the current stock prices, share repurchases are clearly a very meaningful part of that overall strategy in how we continue to focus on driving shareholder value. As far as M&A itself, clearly, it would have to be something that would fit within our product portfolio, that would either strengthen our portfolio or be a close adjacency associated with it, that would have to drive significant accretion and would have to be within the boundary conditions that I talked about. We wouldn't want to go out and take our net debt position where we will be significantly above the 2x for more than 3 to 5 quarters. So I think that's kind of as much as we're willing to say about kind of what we would consider. But our focus is on driving shareholder value, which M&A would only be a piece of that, not the predominant piece associated with it.
Richard L. Clemmer: Clearly, the product mix will be much more significant than what share of our business we do with the foundry partners versus our joint venture versus our internal manufacturing facility. So that would be clearly a much more significant factor on our gross margin. It's not just -- when you look at the portfolio of products we have, a little bit of a mix change in any individual quarter can have a pretty significant swing on our overall gross margin as we change that mix. So it's not just a continued straight line basis of trying to do that. So I think we still feel good about the improvements, and we still feel good about the targets that we've established. But it really won't be as much a factor relative to how much of our manufacturing is sourced from foundry partners versus internally manufactured.
Richard L. Clemmer: Third quarter of 2015, they'll change the rates significantly if that's not implemented. So I think that's really kind of, at least, a line that appears to be drawn in the sand at this point in time. If you look at the implementation in Canada, it's already in works and accelerating associated with it. And really, the rest of the world, besides North America, which has this propensity towards mag stripe as being the transaction standard associated with it. If we actually look at some of the movements outside of -- in Asia and the developing countries, where we see contactless being a very significant factor associated with it -- has more of an impact than EMV card deployment in North America itself -- or in U.S. itself.
Richard L. Clemmer: We're continuing on -- I think we're -- as it was a significant factor in changing our business, we felt like we had to be more specific with some of the design win targets that we had. I think it's more just run a course of the business, continuing to win those design wins, the [indiscernible] generation of products and it's part of more a normal standard business. So the success that we've had with -- on the interface side and then moving into the sensor hub, we plan on continuing to focus on driving that on a broad basis across the board to customers including those smartphone customers in China. But not any specific design wins that we want to talk about as far as growth for 2015. But we still feel very comfortable that we can outgrow the industry by at least 50%.
Richard L. Clemmer: I guess the only thing I would add to that is we would not anticipate anything that will reduce our margin targets associated with it. So it would have to be something that, with the implementation, would fall within the business profile that we've established.
Richard L. Clemmer: So, Mark, I don't think that we saw anything that was -- that is really an indicator as far as our distribution business. I would say that it was more of a continued very tight control over inventories, and I don't think that you should read too much into the increase in sell-in in the mix. I mean, the key factor -- the key metric in trying to continue to evaluate our distribution business is that the inventory levels remain below what we would expect to be the standard levels and the -- and our distribution partners continue to be very tight, focused on turns and earns in trying to keep their inventory levels to a minimum to be sure that they deliver the returns that they can. So I don't think you should take anything other than the factor that the inventory levels continue to be at lower than what we would expect on a historic basis, and we haven't seen any real uptick associated with that, which I think is really the key message we're trying to communicate, Mark.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes. I think -- thanks for all of your favorable comments relative to our results in third quarter and the projections for Q4. I think it continues to be a strong testament to the results of what the team's been able to put in place and deliver. And our focus is continued on how we focus on driving shareholder value increase, which -- again, we're not trying to signal M&A as being the primary basis, but only one factor in the toolkit to be able to drive increased shareholder value. So with the increase in earnings that we've been able to generate and actually as we look forward with a very strong continued earnings per share growth, we feel very comfortable with the position and pleased with the performance. And thanks to all of the NXPeers [ph] that may be listening to the call as well for their good progress and their contributions relative to our results. So thanks a lot.
Peter Kelly: Well, let me, I guess, go back with that. Yes, I guess, we've been saying for a while that we think we'll generate very significant amounts of cash. And we've also said that once we get below our targeted 2x trailing 12 months EBITDA, we would decide exactly what was the best use of cash for our shareholders, whether it would be to go out and buy the company's -- buy back stock or institute a dividend. I think right now, we would love to acquire and grow the business, but that's one thing to do that and being able to do that, and having companies available is not always -- it's not always at the same time. So right now, I think what we're doing is -- and you saw it in the third quarter, with our stock price trading the way it is, we'll go out and buy back stock, we bought back quite a few shares in the third quarter, 4.3 million. And as I said, with the stock price trading the way it is, I would expect to continue to do that. In terms of margin fall-through, we think it's very, very important to continue to invest in the business. So I'm kind of pleased at where our profitability is in -- or where it's projected to be in Q4, and obviously, we've had this kind of one-off impact of the Dutch crisis tax. But I'll expect to continue to invest in R&D with the incremental margin.
Peter Kelly: And Standard Products is clearly, probably the best Standard Products business in the world. So there's a lot of good in that business.
Peter Kelly: I think a couple of things, one is interest probably $145 million to $150 million next year. And IP monetization, we've spoken about, they've been about 100 basis points of our profitability.
Peter Kelly: Okay. So Q4 does include the Dutch crisis tax. So the Dutch -- it has to pass the first house of parliament in the Netherlands, and we won't know about that till December. But the Dutch government have decided to levy a one-off tax on the compensation of any employees that make more than EUR 150,000 a year, and that includes compensation from option grants, bonuses, salaries, et cetera. And you -- I think you will have seen that ASML and a bunch of other Dutch companies also have put it into their guidance. So it's not absolutely certain yet. We think it's likely, but there is a possibility it won't pass. And then, if it doesn't, it'll obviously not be an issue. Q4 did include some IP. So we're pretty much on track where we said we would be. And then, I have to confess, I'd really like to enjoy Q4 before I start to kind of get into trying to guide 2014.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think if the stock price is where it is, I'll buy back stock. I think that will be a better use of funds for the shareholders. I mean if the stock price goes to $100, maybe -- which I guess is arguably where it should be, it would be a different discussion. But when we're trading $37, I'm going to be buying back stock.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I mean, our valuation is very frustrating. I mean, we're growing like crazy, which you'd expect to drive a premium fee. But instead, we have a fee that's not a small discount, a huge discount to everyone else's. It's unbelievably frustrating, really. But I guess it is a great buying opportunity, so...
Peter Kelly: Well, I guess, the way to look at it, we don't -- if we didn't have that one-time charge, OpEx would not be going up. I think, as we move forward and you look at your models, I'd look at our OpEx more as a percent of revenue than a flat dollar base. We're going to continue to invest in R&D to drive growth in the business.
Peter Kelly: And it's extremely frustrating. And all my peers at the other Dutch companies are just as equally frustrated with both the timing and the magnitude of this.
Peter Kelly: I would have to check the numbers, but I think we -- in 2013 we're in about 35% foundry, and it probably goes up to like 40%, 45% in 2014. I'm not sure I quite caught your -- I'm not sure I quite understood you at the second part of your question on the puts and takes of our...
Peter Kelly: I'm not sure I kind of want to define it that specifically. I think, overall, we don't see any big disadvantage or any big advantage. I think it's more around the -- our margins are driven more by the products we build than the manufacturing costs.
Peter Kelly: I'm just trying to think -- from a cash flow perspective, historically, Q4 is a good cash flow quarter and Q1 is a weaker cash flow quarter. But I cannot -- pretty much beyond that, I'm not sure I could really say much and we don't forecast utilization.
