Kurt Sievers: Good morning, Ross. Indeed, a couple of -- a couple of changes. First of all, very tactically and I just have to highlight that because it sits on top of my agenda every day in and out, there's continues to be no change in pressure to get more products. So, expedite, escalation calls, all sorts of weird actions to try to get products faster to their manufacturing locations has not slowed down by an inch.  So, we see -- we see that continuing. From a more strategic and say learning perspective, I would say clearly the whole auto industry has realized now -- and that's where me, a step function and the resets at the same time has realized now how big the significance and importance of semiconductors is for their future. Today, but also years-old. I mean, that's about innovation, but obviously it's also bought for being able to build complete cars. And that has let too much closer and better relationships between us, and directly the OEMS in terms of understanding both their innovation needs, but also the from a more technical perspective, there -- their product supply needs in the near mid-term.  All of that leads them to a number of significant, I would say quite significant changes. We are seeing longer-term orders. So, we get the so-called NCNR orders, which easily reach out for the entire next calendar year. These are coming from the Tier 1 customers so far. But of course, they do this since they get similar behavior from the OEMs. But we also get greater visibility into the longer term, which I find very important prospective which reaches then over to innovation. Because the intimacy which we can build with the OEMs now to think about future systems is a great help for us to construct the right roadmaps.
Kurt Sievers: into the mobile market. It is gradually getting better, which is why we have this performance I just quoted. But if you hold it just in total, it is pretty significantly suffering. From a year-on-year perspective for us, it's a more difficult compare. Last year Q3, we had the ban on Huawei coming into play which officially bumped up quarter three and quarter four one of our very large mobile customers needed a lot of products which also has to do with the phasing of the quarter of last year, which was later than normal.  That's why the year-on-year comparisons, both for Q3 and Q4 need some bridging, given those two specific customer events. All in all, I just want to absolutely re-confirm, we haven't lost a single socket there, so everything is going as we had planned. We had supply constraints, but the bigger drivers being the adoption of mobile wallets, attach rates, and also the early penetration [Indiscernible] which are vital solutions? are fully on track with earlier targets and earlier planning.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, Hi, Vivek. I mean, very transparently and honestly, with some knowledge of today, of course, we could have predicted it with the knowledge at the time, no. So no, we didn't know. And now, what you call surprises is what actually happened, a few things. One, clearly, the mix change to premium vehicles, which is an optimization to higher profit on the OEM side, clearly is something we have not foreseen, I think nobody has anticipated that.  And that has a significant impact on semiconductor consumption, given that premium vehicles can easily have twice the semi content of a mass volume car. And on the same note, again, the xEVs penetration, which I think is a result of the the big focus on the growth on CO2 targets, but also a lot of government subsidies in various countries to boost actually more electric vehicle.  Those two elements, so the mix to premium and the much stronger penetration or faster penetration of xEVs, those have significant positive impact on the content increase for semiconductors. So even if the car production is flat, the content goes up massively. Again, think about that both of these elements, each one on its own right, are potentially bringing the semi content of a car to effectual of 2x. That's -- I mean, this is just outstripping any car production by far.  The third element which I would say -- I use your language, surprised us. I would rather say, we gained more insight, is the enormous steps and complexity of the extended automotive supply chain. which means how many stages and companies sometimes are between us after we ship a product before that product ends up in a car. And, if that supply chain is enormously depleted, as it has been the case off to 2019 and 2020, it becomes incredibly dysfunctional.  And we are still in the process of refilling that supply chain just to normalized levels. It's really important. This is not about building any strategic inventory, is just getting back to more normalized levels which allow for appropriate operational [Indiscernible] supply chain. And that's -- that we didn't see either. I would say, we had no idea how far it has been depleted, how deep it has been depleted, nor how deep it is. Which means how much elasticity is in there to be refilled in the first place, to make it -- to try to make it functional. Again, it is still dysfunctional at this stage.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, Vivek. So first of all, you just mentioned another very important elements which is obviously our performance in all of this. I mean, what I described to your earlier question was is how we think the industry surprised us all. The third element, clearly as CNXC's specific companies specific content gains where we grew share, which makes it even faster.  Now how that all goes into all these means for the next year and the next years from both the content growth perspective as well as a NXP's specific revenue growth perspective. I'd just ask you to wait for a week -- next, next week when we have our Investor Day in New York, we will give you the detail you're looking for. We will guide the next few years, both, how we think the semi -market and auto is going to develop, as well as our performance relative to that. So, please hold your horses until next week.
Kurt Sievers: Thanks, John. Let me give you a few pieces on this. The one is indeed the negative impact from the -- which we had some, I think early Q2 in Texas isn't deep behind us. I mean, just put this to file, both factories which were impacted are running very much at least on levels and we are good. Another element I have to mention here because it has impact on the industry. You've seen that over summer, there have been quite a few factory shutdowns for back-end test and assembly sites in Malaysia.  I want to highlight that we have been in a very disciplined position to organize and manage our own factories in such a way that our shutdowns were very immaterial. So, we had a few days but by and large, we have very little negative impact from those shutdowns on our revenue. So, when you think about what we shipped in Q3, assume there was hardly any negative impact from COVID factory shutdowns from Southeast Asia and/or specifically Malaysia. Now going forward, we will clearly see improvements on the [Indiscernible] side. We talked about earlier that we are entering into long-term supply commitments with our supply partners.  And that's largely on the wafer side, which is going to start benefiting us next year, but also the years after. And again, this is in balance against the NCNR orders which we are -- which we are collecting from our customers. The back-end test and assembly, which largely is in-house for NXP. We are forced to put all the Capex and all the investments in place to make sure that any wafer we get our hands around will also find enough capacity in-house to be tested and assembled into finished products.  So, think about the test and assembly increase in capacity as pretty gradual because it is something which we are putting in tune with the wafers coming in. On the wafer side, it is in a way more discreet, but it's not [Indiscernible] shown because we have obviously several wafer suppliers and they don't improve all at the same time. From that perspective, what comes out into the revenue, think about something which is gradual, which doesn't have huge shoots step functions at any specific point in time.  However, the result of all of business that clearly our supply capabilities as it has done through this year, they continue to grow also through next year. Now, finally, I should say this is clearly an over comment which is in any way or form specific to automotive business of broad comments. Because the supply shortages which we are facing is across all markets. We discussed earlier briefly mobile.  Anyway, anybody knows about automotive, but we have the same negative impact on our industrial IoT business and partially in the content for our business. All of these improvements build health and build support revenue growth across all of our end market segments.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Hi Stacy. There is a very clear answer to this, which is we are not in the commodity business. The very vast majority of our portfolio is application-specific. And with that portfolio, we are in very deep, longer-term relationships with our customers. So, what we do is, as Bill said, we pass on the input cost, which is already, in some cases a pretty significant element to digest for our customers. But we want to be transparent and we want to have long-term relationships which are built on trust with our customers.  And in that context, we absolutely consider it the right thing to pass on the input costs, but not use it to pat on our margins. I would personally say from being in different markets in the past, in the commodity market that works different. But that's not the kind of market environment we are -- we are moving in. And I'm very very sure that this will pay off positively in the long term relative to the customer relations which we need to continue to build our business.  In that context, it is also important to note that the whole -- the whole environment clearly has a lot of input costs which is going out for our customers. I mean, it's not just on semis. A lot of other things are also moving. So, it's a tough environment for all the participants where I think consistency, transparency, and trust in -- into the long-term relationships is a big value. And that's something where we do differentiate.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, Stacy that's indeed the other side of this discussion. I mean, I can't discuss any customer or very segment-specific trends here. But the overall situation indeed is a reset. And that is important and positive. And with reset, what I mean is that the step function, which we have to take is something it is here to last.  And that comes with -- I think I made the comment earlier with the realization of all the industries we are serving, that's not just for automotive, of how important semiconductors are. It just represents a different value to them. And from that perspective, I think we make a step here, which is a reset, which is here to stay. How that goes then in individual cases, on individual prices year-on-year, it’s hard to anticipate, but I don't think it will go backwards.
Kurt Sievers: Well, Bill would fill in maybe with a bit more detail, but I'd say in general, it really varies. We have some of them on the NCNR site which is the customer orders, they would typically easily cover next year. So now, getting an order which stretches all the way until the end of next year. If you think then on the other side, which is the agreements with our foundry and supply partners, I think we actually published a new number, which if I remember right, is between $4.3 billion and $4.4 billion off agreed and signed supply commitments, which we have entered into with our supplier base. The vast majority of it is obviously in wafers. But mind you, this is not just for 1 year, this stretches out over multiple years to come, 4.4 billion to give you a feel.
Kurt Sievers: Since I really can't go into great detail on this, as you will understand, Chris. But the headline is indeed in line before you were saying those customer agreements would typically cover volume and price for say -- for example, a period of until end of next calendar year. And they even fixed it by quarter. So, it's not just one number for the whole year. But in many cases, it even goes to binding it two quarters.
Kurt Sievers: Well, generally, as we discussed before, we will continue to match the rising input costs with adjusting the prices accordingly. Such that yes, since input costs will continue to go up also next year, they will also continue to be uprising adjustments into next year in general terms. For the rest of your question, I really cannot and don't want to go into greater detail in how much is what piece. It's really just important that the leading concept and philosophy of all of this is that the price increase is just matching the input costs increase, and that's it. But that is something which indeed we have this year and which is going to follow up next year too.
Kurt Sievers: Blayne, I think what you tried to ask me is am I seeing a slowdown, and the clear answer is no. We absolutely don't see a slowdown and you can imagine that especially, the car companies with the pretty significantly negative impact to their car production numbers of this year, and the ambition to grow them next year by, I don't know 10% plus over this year? They clearly need more semiconductors. And that is not limited to one product or one technology. I think I also made the very open comment earlier that 75% of the product portfolio in our automotive business still has a lead time of above 52 weeks. I think that says it all.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah Blayne. It is very tight too. I would say, no different to automotive. Also, by the way, the impact of not shipping enough product is at least as significant as in automotive. It just catches less headlines in newspapers. But if you think about the impact on industrial automation, which are huge -- which is huge machinery, which cannot be built if -- if there was more semi -- semiconductor supply or in the smart home. It's equally drastic as -- as it is in automotive, just catching less headlines.  Now, our big differentiator, more and more is our capability to offer complete solutions. Complete solutions around the processor. We've had that leadership in the -- in a very wide range and portfolio of processing solutions into industrial, but it's not very nicely complemented by connectivity, security, and analog attach, which really differentiates us from our competitors.  I would dare to say it's a very unrivaled position and offering here, which by the way, is also going to be very much in the spotlight of our Investor Day next week to give you much more detail, what we have and why we think that makes us grow so much in the time to come. Now from a supply chain or channel perspective, a lot of that business indeed is going through distribution, which because it goes to thousands, literally thousands of small customers. And this is exactly why that solution capability of NXP makes such a big difference. Because many of these companies which we are serving there through distribution don't have the capability themselves to deal with the complexity of these connected etch applications. When and if --we can offer them a complete solution than -- that has a huge advantage for both time-to-market levels or from an R&D perspective for them.  That's actually what I think is really a very very significant differentiator for us. Now, another element in the equation is we do have a relatively strong exposure to China. If you think about the industrial business, a lot is going through distribution and a lot is going into China. And just to anticipate the question, we do not see a slowdown there in China. But again, mind you, it's also that we are -- we continues to be supply kept.  As I said earlier, also in industrial, we could certainly run higher revenues if only we have more supply. Good news is also there our supply capability, as we discussed with [Indiscernible] earlier, is improving every month so that over time also there be hopefully get into a better place.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, C.J. Absolutely. I did indeed say that's I don't think there is broadly speaking enough supply next year. Two already stopped building those additional inventories. Because that's exactly what you're asking for, yes, we clearly see a demand by the OEMs to the Tier 1's and other participants in the extended supply-chain, explicitly not to semi companies, but in between, between us and the OEMs, the demand and the requirements to build more inventory.  Typical, if you want to size this, a typical ask is somewhere between 3 and 6 months, sometimes longer. And it has a very simple reasoning that's the manufacturing cycle time for semiconductor product. In a very simple way, they say, " Okay, if this is the additional inventory, then that puts us maybe on the safe side for more flexibility. " And, yes, this is something which I don't see the industry has the capability to build [Indiscernible] next year, but let's stem for '23.
Kurt Sievers: We love it C.J. We talked a lot about our capability from -- actually also from a solution perspective in battery management solutions, which is greatly benefiting from this foster and accelerated penetration. We will open the [Indiscernible] next week a little bit more in the Investor Day and give you insight in what else we do in electrification, because we are not only with BMS exposed to this accelerated trends.  It's a very good thing for NXP, and it goes beyond battery management. By battery management itself, obviously, is benefiting very, very greatly. I guess, with this we come to the end of the call. Which may be gets me in a position just to summarize very briefly. I mean, it's a turbulent time out there, but I'm really proud that we could deliver what I think is a very good quarter three, have a strong guidance into quarter four, but even more so, we continue to have excellent momentum also into next year, which means continued strong demand across our end markets. No inventory build out there.  And we see that our supply capability is getting better and better and better up to stop matching that demand in the future. So with that, I thank you very much for your attendance today and I hope to hear and see quite a few of you also next week when we have our much more extended Investor Day in New York. Thank you.
