Karl-Henrik Sundström: Unless you want to make sure that the EBIT in our guidance is $191 million to $202 million. Some people might have wrote $199 million. It's $191 million to $202 million. 
Karl-Henrik Sundström: As we have said all the time, it is like it worked down especially in Q4 and Q1. So based on 5 percentage points shift in utilization, we will get a $10 million to $15 million benefit in the following quarter. And that's what you see, that's what's driving up the margin in the guidance that we have provided today. And we don't give a forecast of the margins going forward into Q2, but as you see, it's driving up right now. 
Karl-Henrik Sundström: Part of it is already reflected in my guidance because we have $76 million in interest expenses in Q1 and the guidance I having, it's $71 million in Q2, which is basically the $280 million annualized and we believe we're going to be between $270 million and $280 million leaving this year in run rate. 
Karl-Henrik Sundström: No. So in the guidance, I gave that we're going to between $300 million and $308 million for Q2. Part of that, around half of that increase from the $293  million is actually customer-specific programs that we invest to achieve our growth, and half of it is basically an annual merit increases and their re-accrual bonuses. And the reason is that we we're very -- as I've said in my remarks that the reason why we came up approximately $4 million higher end of guidance was basically that we invested in some special programs in the Identification area and because we wanted the fuel the grow. Because Identification came in a lot higher in sales than we anticipated. They grow 21% sequentially. 
Karl-Henrik Sundström: Yes, it will grow but it will grow slower than sales, and that's the way we work now. And it will be growth and I said like 3 to 6 or something like that per quarter, but then you have to take into consideration what we think the sales is going to be, so we will guide carefully quarter-by-quarter going forward. 
Karl-Henrik Sundström: And as I've said, we manage our OpEx very carefully, and you saw that during the second half of last year when we didn't have sales, we took out OpEx. And now we see sales coming back and we will invest when we find it appropriate. 
Richard Clemmer: Yes, so I wouldn't say that a lot of our growth in Q1 was really from an improved cyclicality associated with it. If you look at the growth in Q1 revenue, clearly, the strength in our ID business was associated with this. We said some new design wins, as well as the return of orders in some of the other areas. So our ID business clearly had a strong growth associated with that. Our Automotive business, which was up kind of 5% mid-single digit was really partially driven by the flood impacts in Q4 that gave us a low compare relative to the growth. So the growth that we had was not really a lot cyclical. There's probably some contribution associated with improved market environment. It's hard to call out specifics, but maybe 1/3 of it or so. But it was really associated with the new projects, as well as the return of some of the designs associated with our ID business, and then we compare that we had in our Automotive business, as well as the return of some of the business in our microcontroller space as well. When we look at Q2, John, clearly, there's a contribution -- an early contribution from some of the new design wins, but that's relatively small. This is really driven by the same kind of things that we talked about in Q1. Our ID business, clearly, being double-digit growth, associated with Q2 continuing to see more of a robust environment in the Automotive space as well. And then in a combination of our WILI and MCC seeing a combination of return of orders from distribution as we talked about, expected deliveries associated with distribution, as well as some of the early design wins that we've talked about. So while there's some rebound in the basic general semiconductor environment driven by the economic cycle, most of it is driven to company-specific programs that really drive the robust growth that we've seen in Q1 and really project for Q2. 
Richard Clemmer: It's clearly a contributor to the growth that we see but not the only thing that's driving the growth in our ID business. In fact, as we said in Q1, while the -- I think we talked about electronic payments basically being up around 30% and our overall ID business still being around 20% in Q1, so that kind of gives you the perspective. So I think our -- and the payments is clearly driven by our NFC participation at the current time, combined with the secure element that goes with that. So if you look at it, the growth in the NFC solution, including the secure element and the radio in Q1 was about 50% faster than the core ID business. And I think that's not a bad assumption going forward for the next quarter or so either, John. 
Richard Clemmer: Not at all, John. I think we feel like this is kind of a one quarter anomaly. If we look at the pricing environment associated with it, we saw as much quarterly price reduction in Q1 as we would typically see on an annual basis roughly. So clearly, that combined with some of the manufacturing issues that we had in the back end, et cetera, drove the gross margin deterioration, but we would not expect it to be a new norm and it's really to be anomaly for the one quarter basis. 
Richard Clemmer: If I could just add to Karlie's point, as we said before, there's nothing structurally different in our business that wouldn't allow us to get to utilization back up where we were in the first half of last year. So given the algorithm that Karlie has given you, you can kind of do the calculation where gross profit can get to. 
Richard Clemmer: But, Jim, remember the 71% was really what was reflected in the financials with the one quarter delay associated with the impact. So clearly, that transition from 71% to 84% is going to have a significant improvement in our gross margins that will be reflected in the Q2 quarter, as we said in the projection. 
Richard Clemmer: Yes, going from the floor or the trough at 71%, so if you add up to the high 90s, that's more like at probably a 25% or so. So for every 5, $10 million to $15 million, that roughly approximate 1% to 1.5% sort of gross margin. 
Richard Clemmer: So I think when you look at it, clearly, we still believe that our model that we've set in place for 58%, 60% or so gross margin is still intact for HPMS products. And so, we think as we get our factory utilization back up where the factories who are truly humming, then we see the opportunity to begin to move into that level. I think that when you look at some of the new design wins that are focused when areas of high-volume smartphones, et cetera, we may not be at the absolute 60%-plus gross margin. So we might see a slight trailing off of those margins, but with the significant growth opportunity that it drives on the top line we'll still be very generously rewarded in our financial results. So it's really not a mix issue as much as it is, just the performance issue associated with our manufacturing operations and ensuring that the factory utilization levels get back up to the same levels that we were able to demonstrate in the Q1 and Q2 time frame for 2011. 
Richard Clemmer: I think that we had -- if you look at Automotive, there hasn't been anything normal in the last 4 or 5 quarters. First off, we started with the tsunami and didn't really have an impact at the time that it occurred and we really saw the impact on revenue in the Q3 time frame as they aligned their supply chain which drove the Automotive business down slightly. And then following on to that were the Thai floods in Q4 having a tempering effect associated with the revenue as well. So we saw the improvement in Q1 and then we expect to see the growth again in Q2 associated with that. So yes, I think we feel very good about our Automotive business. We continue to win significant new design wins, although those clearly are out a couple of years, they aren't going to generate revenue in the near term in Automotive space. And we think that we'll clearly be in a position where we'll go faster than the automotive semiconductor market. 
Richard Clemmer: Our Q3 is usually a pretty good quarter for us. We usually trail off a little bit in Q4 and I don't know why we wouldn't expect some kind of seasonality that would follow in a similar pattern to this year. 
Richard Clemmer: And, Mark, you had to be a little careful with lead times as well because we take into account our capacity. We actually have some capacity constraint in some specific areas. So we clearly have seen a little bit of movement associated with that, but we're trying to keep those more in a normal range, but it also depends on what we can commit to customers relative to the capacity constraints we have as well. 
Richard Clemmer: Yes, we said that in distribution, it's about 2.4 months, which is consistent with where it was last quarter. And we actually had -- we shipped in a little bit higher than they shipped out as they prepared for some of their expected improved deliveries in the Q2 time frame. But the actual dollar level of inventories was approximately the same. 
Richard Clemmer: And we have to be a little careful that as we have sell upsides, obviously, there's sales bonuses and bonuses that go along with that, which has a very good return associated with it, Mark. 
Richard Clemmer: It clearly was weaker than we had planned. As we said in the script in Q2 is certainly not coming back as strongly as we would originally have anticipated or like to. We, I guess, we perceive the increase associated with it will be pushed out to kind of the second half of the year, with maybe some of the LTE increase happening a little earlier than the other 3G increases taking place. But it's clearly not the strongest segment in our portfolio, and the increased environment or improved environment we think is kind of being pushed back to the second half of the year. 
Richard Clemmer: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So thanks a lot for your interest and attention on NXP. We think that the growth of over 6% in Q1, with the opportunity to see product revenue growth of 7% to 11% in Q2 clearly begins to demonstrate what we've been talking about for some time on the design wins and the fact that it will drive our top line growth at a faster rate than overall semiconductor industry. And then that combined with the improved factory utilization that we see taking our gross margins up and being able to drive significant bottom line improvement. And we look forward to your continued participation, and thank you very much for joining us today. 
Peter Kelly: Jim, it's Peter Kelly. Yes, lead times have increased a little, but they're pretty manageable at the moment. Certainly, a lot less than they were a year ago. 
Peter Kelly: Yes, we did. Sorry, it's Peter Kelly. If we get back up to the high 90s utilization, we think we have a fairly robust model and certainly, that utilization gives us better margin. 
Peter Kelly: Well, I guess I'd answer it in a couple of ways. One, the lead times have increased a little less than I said though, they're still well below what they were a year ago. In terms of our utilization, we have a tiered manufacturing model, so we use 3 sources of supply, our internal supply, external supply and our JVs, so we can support significantly higher revenues with that model than if we just owned our manufacturing. So I wouldn't focus totally on just what we build internally. 
