Rick Clemmer: Thanks, Jeff, and welcome everyone to our conference call today. NXP delivered full year revenue of $8.9 billion, a decline of 6% year-on-year, against the very challenging semiconductor industry backdrop throughout the year. Even in lower sales volume, we successfully improved our non-GAAP gross margin by 60 basis points and our non-GAAP operating margin by 30 basis points, clearly better operating performance than in previous market downturns. Our free cash flow conversion was solid at $1.9 billion and we continued to follow through on our capital return strategy, returning nearly 95% of free cash flow generated or $1.8 billion to our owners. As a reminder, we have returned $6.8 billion to our shareholders by share buybacks and cash dividends over the last two years, and have reduced the diluted share count by 60 million shares. Kurt will provide more details on the quarterly trends in a few moments. Notwithstanding the semiconductor market environment during 2019, we continued to invest and execute our strategy within our target markets. We have introduced many new products. We’ve been actively engaged with customers on adopting these solutions which we believe will support our long-term growth targets. If you happened to attend our Investor Open House at the CES trade show, you saw a glimpse of how some of these products will be used in real world applications. These included automotive radar solutions, providing improved driver safety; our family of quad-core i.MX processors, which enable new multi-display digital clusters; and our innovative battery management solutions for hybrid and full electric vehicles. We also demonstrated our latest ultra-wideband solutions for secure access and localization with a mobile device for automotive smart home and smart building solutions. Additionally, we showcased multiple new processor families including the i.MX 8M Plus, the first i.MX family to integrate neural-net processing, offering higher performance per dollar than GPU solutions. The RT crossover family for the secure edge computing market, the quad core i.MX 8 for industrial and high-end home automation applications and the high-performance fully ASIL D compliant, S32G for automotive network domain control. Taken together, the wave of new product introductions across the Company and associated customer engagements is truly impressive, and there is more to come over the coming periods. The NXP product portfolio is in its most competitive and innovative position in many years and it’s just beginning to fully reflect the synergy we envisioned when NXP and Freescale merged in 2016. We are confident that as new products ramp into volume production, they will underpin both our top line growth, our longer term gross margin targets, and will yield significant cash flow. Then, as the end markets begin to rebound, which we are beginning to initially see, especially in our automotive and industrial end markets, we anticipate a healthy improvement in our core business, which will also provide positive tailwinds to growth. In summary, as we begin a new year, the team is invigorated and fully engaged. Our strategy continues to yield positive results and the customer response to new product is very encouraging. We will continue to be laser-focused on our strategic end markets engaging with customers to deliver superior and highly differentiated solutions. I’d like now to pass the call over to Kurt to discuss the results of the full year and the current quarter and provide an outlook for Q1.
Rick Clemmer: So, thanks Vivek. At this time, the situation on the coronavirus continues to be very-fluid and we are monitoring it very closely. We’ve taken actions on travel to protect our employees and in our manufacturing operations to be sure that we have our employees at the forefront of our mind, and also been trying to support the general containment of any spread. But, as of today, we’ve seen no impact in orders, although we’re just coming out of the lunar New Year holiday. Clearly, the forced closures by some of the additional provinces in China add more to the uncertainty. And to be clear, it’s just impossible for us to speculate on the impact and the implications associated with it. Our guidance today does not contemplate any potential impact from the coronavirus.
Rick Clemmer: So, what we’re really seeing, Stacy, is out of China, it’s POS. So, it’s actually shipped through the majority of our business in China is shipped through the distribution -- through our distribution partners. But, this is POS where customers have requested business and taken the business. So, it’s not just orders, as far as replenishment of inventory, it’s not possible for us to track what the orders are actually being used for. But, it’s based on their run rates and increased improvements, primarily again focused in micros for the industrial space as well as our automotive business. I’m not sure what the impact or implications, as we said earlier, will be from the coronavirus. But, through just before the lunar New Year, we continue to see strong POS and strong sell-through.
Rick Clemmer: So, I think, we still feel as confident about the business as is good business as we talk about, John. It really is about the fact that 60% of our apps processors have connectivity associated with it. So, as we make those reference designs in place, we can obviously provide our own connectivity solutions, which puts us in a good position. The additional distribution feet on the street that we have with the channel, broad channel base we have, we think also positions us quite well. That means that it’s going to be a ramp that will take place as all of that comes to fruition. So, the $600 million out in time, we’ll clearly be growing at a faster rate at the end of that period than it will be this quarter and next year. We feel good about the business and think all of the feedback from customers had been extremely positive about how important it is. And I’ll let Kurt make some comments.
Rick Clemmer: John, one thing, if I could just add to that, if you go back and look at the [indiscernible] we had in our automotive business, which was kind of mid to high single digit earlier in the year, our top tier customers in automotive were actually flat. And where we really saw the significant decline was in the mass market and our distribution partners in automotive. So, that’s where we’re beginning to see the rebound associated with that, where we had such a negative decline in those, and then beginning to see the rest of the business come together. So, it really has to do with that combination. But I thought it’s important to point out that our top tier customers in automotive didn’t really see a significant decline but were actually flat during this period of time.
Rick Clemmer: And relative to the other M&A that you asked about, Will, I think the important thing to realize is, we’ve been talking about connectivity being a critical element for us for some time. We actually talked about it going into the Qualcomm transaction. And when the Qualcomm transaction broke, we actually were quite open about the fact that the missing element we had would be connectivity. Clearly, the assets from Marvell put us in a position to have leadership connectivity, which was really the missing element for us. So, yes, I think we’ll do relatively small tuck-in acquisitions for technology, but nothing at the scope and size of Marvell. And clearly, we’ll be focused on how we return cash to our shareholders during this period of time.
Rick Clemmer: One of the key things that really differentiates our solution is our secure element technology and the software that we provide and the ability to leverage that with ultra-wideband. So, we’re really in a unique position to bring that installed base that we have in the mobile wallet and leveraging that for ultra-wideband as Kurt talked about.
Rick Clemmer: The 5G infrastructure, the expectations of real strong growth comes from China. And clearly, there is a churn going on in China right now, not only with the suppliers, but also with the different standards and the different combination of carriers and their technology. So, we’ve talked about for a quarter or so, a pause. We really saw the strength last year from the deployment of the massive MIMO that will ultimately be used for 5G. But, we actually got through a lot of that, so that it was in the pipeline, if you will. And then, we haven’t seen a resumption of the 5G growth yet. And it looks like it’ll still be a couple of quarters out before we’ll see strong growth in 5G deployment. We clearly see that it’s coming. Just don’t see it in the near term.
Rick Clemmer: I think, you should think about it that as we -- our revenue gets back to a more of a normalized basis, we’ll be still targeting for the 16% R&D and the 7% SG&A that Peter talked about. We won’t be there for the next couple of quarters because of the revenue trough that we’ve been in. But, as we work our way through that growth, I think we clearly have the objective to be able to achieve that and feel comfortable about the actions we have in place to be sure we can achieve it.
Rick Clemmer: Great. So, let me just take this opportunity to thank all of our investors for their support through this difficult semiconductor cycle we’ve been through in 2019. We’re encouraged that we see some of the initial near-term improvements, specifically in China in sell-through and more of a stabilization in some of the other regions, which puts us in a good position to get back on strong growth going forward from the Company-specific design wins and the portfolio that we’ve been able to put in place. We think that that will bode well for us and give us the opportunity to significantly outgrow the market. And as we get to the kind of margin level that we’d like to be at, clearly generate a significant amount of cash that we plan on focusing on returning to our shareholders. So, we’re excited about the future and the opportunity associated with it, albeit somewhat concerned about the impact of the coronavirus, which clearly we have not reflected and don’t know what that really will be yet, but are clearly excited about the opportunities going into 2020 and returning to more of a normal semiconductor market, combined with the company-specific design wins that will be ramping for us in 2020 that will allow us to continue to grow at a significant rate. So, thank you very much.
Peter Kelly: I think, there are few things. First of all, Q1 is obviously a very low number, 53.2; it came off the fourth quarter at 54.2, and the change really is we have the annual price agreements -- contractual agreements, pitches. And that’s roughly 60 basis points. And then, volume from Q4 to Q1 -- the revenue decline is probably another 60 basis points. So, that’s offset by the continuing improvement we have in processing and manufacturing performance. So, to go from 53.2 to 55, I think we just need to grow our revenue up to a run rate of about $2.4 billion a quarter. Now, to go from 55 to 57, which I think takes potentially a number of years, I’ll call it mix, but it really is around -- and you highlighted some of it, Vivek. Our new products are coming into place now, particularly in automotive, but also in our crossover products and the like. I don’t think that we’re the type of company that as a traditional analog company that runs 65% gross margin with no real growth. What we’re targeting is, to run well in excess of the market. And we think our model of -- hope to have 57, I think we said 53 to 57 is more realistic look. So, we get to 55 based on volume, 55 to 57 is probably a couple of years out, but it’s based on the mix and the introduction of our new products.
Peter Kelly: From a gross margin perspective, Stacy, it’s a rounding error. It’s -- what we talked about it, it’s not a significant part of our revenue just yet. We’ve always said it runs sort of low to mid-50s, I mean, it’s a rounding. I don’t think that really has an impact on our ability to get to 55 or $2.4 billion.
Peter Kelly: That’s $150 million of revenue. From memory, it might be a little bit below our regular gross margins, but again, it kind of ends up being a rounding really.
Peter Kelly: Hey Will, it’s Peter. I think, I’d describe it as follows: First of all, the Board’s authorized $2 billion. So, technically, that wasn’t a forecast of how much we spend in the full year, but we just spent $230 million in basically the first six weeks of this quarter. So, once we get started on these things, we don’t tease. What we have said is we will return all excess cash to shareholders, and we will manage our net debt up 2 times trailing 12 months EBITDA. So, depending on your forecast that require us to take on a little bit of extra debt to maintain the leverage. And I won’t give you an absolute number for the full year because it really depends on what you want to forecast for us. But, I think we’re an exciting company. I think, once the market comes back, we’ll see significant growth from us that will drive very, very significant cash flow generation, which will return to our shareholders.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I think, one way to think about it is, we disclosed that in the fourth quarter, Marvell’s revenues -- revenue from Marvell was about 6. I think the OpEx was about 8, which was just less than a full month. So, that gives you an idea of what quarterly run rate would be. And from a income perspective, I think in the fourth quarter, it was a hit of about $8 million. So, as we go forward, you would add in Marvell into the first quarter. So, that’s a big chunk of additional costs. You’ve got a IP. The OpEx associated with being relatively small, I want to say -- I don’t know maybe $6 million or $7 million. I mean, it’s not a huge amount of money that pops out for the Company. I think, the more important part of your question Ross is, where are we planning to be. And our goal is still to run 16% R&D and 7% SG&A. I kind of hate to admit it, but I think, it has to be in a more normal market and maybe we’re getting back where you see some growth in -- a normal growth in revenue. But, we’re retargeting it very hard and we plan to get this. So, it’s a question of how quickly we get that. Thank you.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I mean, I don’t want to say it’s totally linked to revenue. But, I think we were in the fourth quarter 2.3, we were, 16 and 16.5 something like that, and just over 7.5 on SG&A. So, I think once we get to kind of $2.4 billion level, we’re getting pretty close to the OpEx numbers we want to hit.
Peter Kelly: Well, let me talk to the S&P inclusion at the moment. So, as you know and as we said in the past, it’s just an incredibly opaque process. We believe we qualify. And we believe that probably waiting for our K to be filed, which will be our first significant document, quickly followed by our proxy. So, to be honest, you probably know as so much as we do, we’ve been using our friends and family to try and help us get a better understanding and plan to push S&P. But, they are pretty -- as I said, they’re pretty opaque, despite the best efforts of us on our bankers. But, we believe we qualify. So, it ought to be just a question of time.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Rick. And let me just add, John. I mean, for those of you who possibly have seen at our booth at CES in Los Vegas a couple of weeks ago, I think we have turned at light speed the availability of the Marvell connectivity assets into reference design. So, we were able at CES just a couple of weeks, actually after the closing the deal to show a number of reference designs, which did include already the Wi-Fi product from the former Marvell, into our reference designs for both automotive infotainment connectivity as well as industrial and IoT applications. And I would just tell you that the interest level and the engagement with customers on that combined solution is as big as we had anticipated.
Kurt Sievers: Thanks, John. So, on Q4, yes, I think, our decline rate was only a percentage point has significantly improved over the much higher decline rates in the earlier quarters last year. So, absolutely, yes. And clearly, that is a function of what I would say a continued growth of our growth elements, being radar BMS mainly, and I’d say, a good improvement of the core business, which is very much in line with what we have anticipated, given a careful ending of the rationalization of the supply chain. I mean, that’s what we have said all year along that we would hit that point. And that’s also what carries forward into quarter one, which has been reflected with what Rick just said, solid POS trends, especially in China, where that core product is a key part of our revenue. Going forward, John, we totally stick to our model of clearly outgrowing the SAAR, based on the content gains of semis. We gave that guidance of 7% to 10%, based on a 1% to 2% SAAR. So, if the SAAR is flattish, well, maybe then we are at 5%, 6%, 7% or so. And I’d say, the ratio between core and growth initially stays the same. Over time, when the growth portion is getting bigger from a relative perspective, it might still slightly towards higher growth on the toll. But, in principal, we are just seeing now what we have anticipated, which is that the core is more getting back to normal, given the SAAR coming from a minus 6% environment last year into a probably flattish environment this year.
Kurt Sievers: This is Kurt. Let me try to stage this a little. From a size perspective, it is less by radar, being about 10% of the total auto segment revenue. And we continue to absolutely see our midterm growth here with 25% to 30% compound annual revenue growth. So, that’s the biggest and fastest growing from those. The next one, about the similar size, digital cluster business. So, that follows the trends of multi-screen environments in the passenger cabin of the modern cars, where we see a growth in the mid teens. And then, you have a number of smaller ones, and they are smaller because they are much earlier in the growth cycle. You did mention battery management solutions. This is high-growth, but significantly smaller than the others. But, it does contribute already into the 2020 and 2021 growth. And what you also mentioned is the S32G, which we think had a great show up at CES, which is our new fully ASIL D compliant network processor for the car. That is actually really launching into the market only in 2021. So, from a growth contribution into 2021, I’d say it’s at the late end kicking in. But, we are sampling now and we are getting traction now.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Rick, thanks for the reminder. Ultra-wideband is our, say in between mobile and auto, which is why I didn’t put it now fully into auto, but indeed we are already shipping small amount now into auto. Second half of this year, we’re going to see the first more material lift in revenues from ultra-wideband in the mobile segment and then extending into auto through the next few years. So again, summary is, the two large ones, radar and digital clusters, both about 10% of the total order revenue, radar 25% to 30% growth; digital clusters, mid-teens.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Craig. I think, I continue to see us as one of the initiators and leaders of the ecosystem, which really stems from our formal leadership in the security and mobile wallet applications, including software on the mobile side as well as the keyless entry applications on the auto side. And as we talked about earlier, the first major use case, which we see coming up now is actually using ultra-wideband for mobile-based secure car access, which is a perfect, I’d say, hybrid and convergence between these two leadership positions, which we have had historically. Now, the competitive dynamics, I’d say judging from the traffic around this at CES, ultra-wideband has now really hit everybody’s attention relative to a very precise localization technology, a technology which allows mobile access, secure mobile access ahead of any other possible technologies. So, it’s really in the spot light now. We continue to see very, very good traction with our solution portfolio actually in this conversion space initially between mobile and auto. But now, we also start to see more traction, I would say, for further IoT application use cases going into ‘21, ‘22 probably revenue range, when it comes to from the property access solutions and indoor navigation.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. I’d say, clearly, we see full support of our 8% to 11% growth target going forward. So, that’s maybe then the perspective, you should look at this in hopefully what is somewhat more normal quarters in the near and midterm future. On the specific design wins, I mean, clearly the Marvell synergy, which we talked about earlier in the reference designs is a very helpful element. Secondly, we see continued great traction on the crossover products. So, we think about a 60 million run rate from last year, which we have more confident that it should double this year. So, that’s on track with how we talked about it earlier. And finally, I’m personally really excited and proud about the i.MX 8M Plus product, which we showed first time in Las Vegas. That’s a 14 nanometer neural-net processor, actually the first neural-net processor, which NXP has ever launched. We got silicon back from the factory just before Christmas. And the team has done a superb job to get it running on a demo at CES and Vegas, which really gets I would say AI performance at the edge on a much, much higher value to dollar than you would get from what people have done so far on GPUs. So, I really think that’s a breakthrough product from a performance cost combination perspective into what I would call the secure edge and IoT. So, it’s of course early. I mean, I cannot yet say there is a -- that number of design wins because we just showed the product now. But, from the interested gains and from the promise it delivers for secure edge processing, very, very exciting.
Kurt Sievers: Chris, let me go through the mobile attach rate first, mobile wallet. Yes, we are on track to our earlier stated target of an attach rate 50% exiting ‘21. I think, the interim mark from last year is probably about 35%, which we consider on track. So, the answer to your question is, yes. There is continued attach rate increase. We are in the middle of the game, and there is more to come towards ‘21. And then, beyond that, as I talked about in one of the earlier questions, ultra-wideband, which is a similar technology but totally complementary to mobile wallet. It’s going to come in on top of this, again, very strongly driving content in mobile, independent of run rate, actually. Now, on the inventory question, no. I’d say, we have no visibility of anything particularly concerning on the mobile side. And seasonality, I think, in the current environment, I really wouldn’t want to go into any discussion about seasonality. And so, it’s really hard to say when the industry goes through a cycle as it currently does. In general, it is however important to note that our mobile business is not as it used to be a single customer game. So, we have broadened our business into especially a number of Chinese players, which makes it probably different to what you would have expected from the past in terms of seasonality anyway.
Kurt Sievers: Well, so, first of all, there is a very small baseline, which is actually small in size, but it’s significant from giving evidence of the strength of the technology, which is in auto. So, we are shipping as we speak ultra-wideband into key fobs. So, that’s not about mobile access. It’s the classic key fob form factor, but it is ultra-wideband technology, which is being picked up and used for more secure applications against relay station attack. So, that is running as we speak. But, it’s really small. And then, the first meaningful lift in the second half of 2020 is going to be in mobile. But, the use case is very strongly focused on mobile car access. So, the revenue goes into mobile, and of course on the counter side in auto but mobile is going to have the higher volumes for the use case of car access. That’s what we see kicking in second half 2020. And all these other nice applications I mentioned earlier, especially in IoT, area then layers into the coming years.
