Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Ross. Good morning. Indeed, I think the color you put on this is what I would concur with. On the channel side, we feel safe and very much under control relative to the inventory. Let me put it that way, for quarter one, we have absolutely no intention to go beyond the 1.6 range. It will hover between 1.5 and 1.6. I think we had 1.5 the past two quarters. So consider for Q1 maybe a 1.6, but that's not an increase, it's more the precision we can hold that. So no intention to increase general inventory really in the first quarter. For the rest of the year, Ross, it isn't much different to how we've put this the past couple of quarters. We will only start to replenish when we see sufficient momentum in the market to justify that. So that means there is neither a guarantee that by the end of the year we hit the 2.5 inventory, which is our long-term target, nor will we do any fast or hectic steps here. So we will possibly start, because I do assume, when we come back to this later in the call, we do expect that there is some market recovery in the second half of the year, so that makes it more likely that we will start to replenish the channel by then. But again, it's really something which is a function of the market environment. The size of it is indeed the $500 million which we have discussed before, but again, that is not necessarily a part of our considerations for the annual revenue movement. Now, the inventory or the excess inventory at direct customers, indeed, I think we started to try and correct that one back in the second quarter of last year. I think that was the first time I also talked on the earnings call that we did see a few automotive Tier 1 customers where the majority of that is sitting with having excess inventory. And the fact that we knew by then already, Ross, is thanks to our NCNR system. We -- and we discussed about these NCNR orders, which by the way in our case are different to the constructs which some of our peers have been using. Ours were annual. Annual means tied to the calendar year. So to be very explicit, we currently have no more NCNR orders. So all of that was running out at the end of the calendar year 2023. But those NCNR orders, in hindsight, were very good because they let customers call us up and say, we see a problem, we see building inventory. And since that second quarter of last year, we've been busy to try and normalize this in a reasonable cadence, which is also good for our financials. And coming back to your question, yes, we think we will still be busy with that through the middle of this year, mainly, and I would say almost exclusively in automotive. So that is something which we only have in automotive. By the middle of this year, that should be behind us. And then we should move from under-shipping end demand with direct customers in automotive to shipping to end demand again in the second half.
Kurt Sievers: Well, in principle, I would say if there was no excess inventory and we would be in a normal world, Ross, we stick to our 9% to 14% long-term growth, which includes then the set performance of those growth drivers, which we specified back in the Analyst Day in November ‘21. So they are just moving around a little, and that's why we transparently gave the color for this past year, pending on the speed of inventory control. And I think you might have noticed that I did say that radar was actually not performing to target. The reason here is really that radar has a relatively concentrated customer base. It's almost -- it's just direct customers where the inventory control was much easier to exercise because it's a very specified product range with a very non-fragmented customer base where it was easier to get a handle on the inventory control. So I dare to say inventory control in radar is already completely behind us, which will make ‘24 obviously a much better year. But on the longer term, on the three-year horizon, Ross, just assume they all come to the targets which we specified back in November ‘21.
Kurt Sievers: So good morning, Vivek. Yeah, apparently I was a good man last time relative to the next [quarter] (ph). I think you just reiterated the pieces which we gave you, but I'm happy to give you a bit more color around those. So we really see the different parts of our revenue being dependent on the cycle they are exposed to. So all the consumer-oriented businesses, and that's the IoT part of Industrial and IoT and Mobile, we think we left the trough way behind us in the first quarter of last year, and other than some seasonal fluctuations, they will continue to grow throughout the calendar year 2024, which has to do that a large part of that is anyway supplied through the channel, so we are not suffering from excess inventory digestion. So we are pretty positive that that part of the company will grow. At the same time, I reiterate what I said last time, the Comms Infra & Other business will decline from a year-on-year perspective. So ‘24 revenue for Comms Infra & Other will be down versus the calendar year ‘23. I think we discussed at length the bits and pieces in there why that is. And then you come to the [blog] (ph) of Automotive and core Industrial where indeed there is something between first half and second half which has to do with the inventory digestion at the direct customers in automotive which I just discussed with the question of Ross a minute ago, where we do believe the turning point is somewhere around the middle of the year, where that over-inventory which is still sitting there is being digested. If you put all of these pieces together, Vivek, then obviously, half two is going to be bigger than half one. Obviously, half one of this year, of 2024, is going to be down against the half one of last year. And that puts it somewhere in this flat plus/minus range for the full year, indeed. So the confidence really comes from the view which we have on the inventory digestion on the Automotive and core Industrial side. At the end, at this very same time, the continued gradual improvement in the consumer-oriented businesses where given our tight channel management, we have no excess inventory. This is really where it comes from.
Kurt Sievers: Look, Vivek, I, of course, don't know and cannot judge what exactly they do. But conceptually, the contrast will be alive as long as they need to digest their over-inventory in the channel. That's very simple. We don't have that because we never build it. We actually back in the second quarter of 2022, mind you second quarter of 2022, that's almost two years ago, we started to control the channel and keep it at the 1.6 and 1.5 months level. We -- even with that, we troughed them in the first quarter of '23. So we even went down from this. And since then, we kept it very steady. In the meantime, some of our peers kept shipping hard and they just need to correct this. And that contract will disappear at the moment that over-shipment they have done there is actually behind them. I mean, maybe another number, Vivek, which puts this in perspective, and we gave you that transparency very intentionally. Last year, NXP as a company, did grow 1% in revenue. I also told you that our pricing last year was up by 8%. So that gives you a feel that we had a pretty significant volume decline last year from a supply perspective. So plus 1% revenue, plus 8% price gives you a 7% volume decline, which is clearly under-shipping, we think against end demand, but certainly against peers. I mean if you just take the same numbers from peers, then many of them who are now having a bit more of a hard time, they just shipped harder through the first -- at least the first three quarters of last year. So under the curve in the end, it's going to be the same thing. It's a matter of when did you ship and when do you need to reduce shipments. So that's my answer. I don't think other than that, there is a fundamental difference, Vivek. So I don't want to claim we have a much better industrial business. I think we just had a more disciplined handle on it earlier.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Thanks, Stacy. That's a fair question because, indeed, the two are trending differently. I'd say the IoT piece, which, by the way, is about 40% of that segment, has indeed gradually improved since the trough in the quarter one of last calendar year. Gradual means it's getting better and better and better, but it's still below the levels it had before the peak. So it's way not there where it used to be while it is gradually improving. In our case, and I think we revealed that before, a very good portion of that is in China. So think about it as a largely distribution and largely China-oriented IoT business. But yes, so the trend starting from the bottom of Q1 last year, gradually improving and that's what we continue -- what we see to continue through the rest of this calendar year. The core Industrial part indeed has taken a somewhat different shape. Think about it more like Automotive, which is now suffering a bit more from over-inventory, not much, and end market weakness. So I would say core Industrial relatively speaking, is a somewhat less good shape still, which has just face shifted to the IoT portion. So think about core Industrial a bit more similar to what we see in Automotive.
Kurt Sievers: So first part of the question, Stacy, absolute yes, lead times are just normal. I mean, forget about supply constraints, we have normal lead times back to the pre-COVID times, which helps a lot also relative to visibility because all of the double ordering and all of the need for NCNRs and all of these things, just consider them behind us more back to normal from that perspective. There is no real correlation of that to pricing, Stacy. The pricing, which I quoted to be about flat for this year, from our end is mainly a function of the input cost. We've been living in that world of sharply rising input costs over the past three years. And now it looks more normal. So any view and handle which we have on the input cost for this year is around zero, I would say. And that's also why we put that forward as the pricing for '24 and we found acceptance and buy-in for that with our customers, Stacy, that's not -- it's not really correlated with lead times. I understand your question if we had more of a commodity portfolio. Since we don't have that, that correlation doesn't really exist.
Kurt Sievers: So, Gary, in full transparency, most of all, it's a function of the weak compares of last year. I just have to pull it out. I mean if you look at our Q1 of last year, it was horrendously low as a function of everything I explained in the last 10 minutes. So very, very clearly, mainly a function of weak compares. However, you mentioned at least one other thing, which is certainly the case. We clearly see that the Android inventory digestion is completely behind us. I would almost claim already in Q4, it was largely behind us. So in Android, we are shipping to end demand and you could also be somewhat hopeful about the Android market development going forward. So that is certainly a case. And our premium handset customer is also in, I would say, in a decent shape relative to volume development. But that's it. So again, it is very much a function of us trying to get as quickly as possible to true end demand and not suffering from excess inventory. I mean, that's a good example of where that also helps you then on the other side of the equation to quickly come back into growth.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Hi, Francois. No exact quantification, but I guess a few pointers. It isn't useful in my view, to look at one individual quarter. But I think now since the full calendar year '23 is behind us, you can look at the full year where I think our Auto business did grow by 9%. I also said that the company has increased pricing by 8%. So let's just assume for a minute that in Auto, we did also increase price in that order of magnitude, which basically puts you almost on a zero supply increase line last year in Automotive. So say zero growth in Automotive last year in supply and units. And that goes against what I would call super bullish Automotive fuel last year with, I think, in the end, the 9% SAAR increase to 90 million units, a rocking increase in electric cars. I think the xEV cars last year, we're growing by 45% year-over-year. So I mean all the good arguments, which we've discussed so often for a lot of content increase on top of the 9% SAAR. And we shipped zero. I mean that gives you a feel why we have a very strong view that we already significantly under-shipped through all of last year. But at the same time, I mean, it's obvious we have over-shipped in the time before. It's just that I believe we started very early with taking a handle on that and controlling that over-shipment and throttling it back. I think through all of last year, we have under-shipped in the distribution side of Automotive, which is 40% of the revenue. And I'd say we've take -- we started to take more stringent action in the second quarter of last year to also control the over shipments in the direct side. But that's the one which is not completely done yet. So it's very hard to qualify that Francois because you don't know what size of inventory individual Tier 1 customers want to keep on the long run. And it's also not a -- it's not a steady target. I mean we discussed with them very often. And these targets in terms of how many weeks of semiconductor inventory they want to keep. First of all, they are ranging widely between different Tier 1s. I could quote a range here between two weeks and 18 weeks. It's really all over the place. And it also changes over time. As soon as they see reason to believe that their business is going to grow again, which means the OEM call offs they are getting, then they want to grow their inventory again. So that's why it's a bit of a moving target. But I think for us, the synthesis is that we believe by the middle of calendar year '24, we have that behind us.
Kurt Sievers: Look, a couple of things, Francois. First of all, I'm glad we get well through '24. I can't get my head around '25, that's a little early, to be honest. Now at the same time, I think you put good pieces together relative to input costs, the one which you didn't put up is the fact that the Tier 1 foundries are still a bit tight lipped when it is to cost decreases. And the biggest part of our input is Tier 1 foundries, not Tier 2 and Tier 3 foundries because we need these Tier 1 foundries for our Automotive and Core Industrial business. And there, unfortunately, the trends are not quite as ambitious as you mentioned them. Over time, Francois, I do believe, say, mid to longer term, that the industry will return to low single-digit ASP erosion year-over-year. That is what we had in the pre-COVID period in the application-specific business like ours. And I think it is reasonable to assume that, that is also going to happen in the mid to longer-term future. However, this year is a transition year because the input is not yet the input cost and the inflationary environment is just not yet at that level as it used to be in the past. And very important, and I know it's probably very clear, but I just want to reiterate that very clearly. This does not mean falling back to the levels which we had pre-COVID. What I'm saying is, from the levels which we have achieved now, we possibly have that in the mid to longer-term future, this very low single-digit ASP erosion per year, but we absolutely see no scenario that falls back to the levels of pre-COVID.
Kurt Sievers: Hey, good morning, Chris. Yeah, clearly, first of all, I confirm what you say. It got worse over the last 90 days or at least our view on what we are exposed to got worse. I would say the end demand in Auto has weakened. I mean the latest S&P data is now almost a percentage point down year-on-year in terms of SAAR, so that's a little less than it was before. The xEV penetration is a little slowing. Again, it is still up, but it is a little slowing. So these are just gradual movements to the less positive side than what it was 90 days ago. But I think what is probably the somewhat bigger part in here is that we just got a better handle now, what is the remaining size of the excess inventory with our Tier 1 Automotive customers, which we are working down through the first half. So I cannot pass in percentage, which one of the two is contributing how much. But I'd say it is in that, say, combination of Automotive, core Industrial over-inventory and at the same time a weakening macro.
Kurt Sievers: Chris, I think the background here is mainly that the exposure to distribution is larger in our Industrial and IoT business. And that is the one where we have seen the trough already in the first quarter of last year. So that gradual improvement throughout the quarters I discussed earlier, that shows up more on the distribution side because those are the segments which had that improvement. Where, in Automotive, distribution is only 40%, as I described, we have now the direct customer excess inventory digestion and distribution is a smaller part. So I think it is just a reflection of our exposure to the different end market segments.
Kurt Sievers: Joshua, absolutely. That's a horrendous fight and that's why I said earlier, it is really hard to call the final exact landing place for the size of inventory for Tier 1 because it is a matter of their negotiation with the -- with their OEM customers. The midterm trend is that every piece of new business they are winning, OEMs are now often enforcing for the new business to hold a certain amount of inventory for specific semiconductor components. So that becomes very explicit, but it's only for new business. So think about it as something which will be layering in over the next couple of years as those new design wins are materializing. That's the way how the OEMs want to get a firm handle on the size of inventory at Tier 1s. At the moment, it's still Wild West because none of this is really contractually anchored because it's old contracts, which didn't have these articulations, which is why it is indeed all over the place, and that makes it also a bit harder to be precise.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, I guess that gets us to the end of the call. So, thanks everybody for joining the call this morning. Clearly continues to be a tough environment where NXP takes any control possible, and I dare to say we have started to take that control, especially relative to inventory builds externally and inventory management internally. We started to take that control in a very disciplined manner early, in the mid of 2022 for the distribution site, and starting in the second quarter of last year on the direct customer side, which we believe allows us to continue to drive a safe landing and soft landing in this tough environment. Mid and longer term, we continue to be fully focused on the Automotive and Industrial markets to innovate and drive profitable growth. Thank you all.
