Peter Kelly: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone. On today’s call, I like to say it’s a great to be able to speak to you all again today and I’m really looking forward to meeting most of you in person in the near future. As Rick as already covered the drivers of the revenue during the quarter, I’ll move to the financial highlights. In summary, revenue and profit in the quarter was adversely impacted by the ZTE ban and auto customers managing their shortages and other components. Non-GAAP operating profit was 29% and cash flow continues to be strong. Our balance sheet is in excellent condition with a leverage ratio of 0.74 times, which is substantially below our long term target. Focusing on the details of Q2, total revenue was $2.9 billion, up 4% year-on-year. We generated $1.21 billion in non-GAAP gross profits and reported a non-GAAP gross margin of 52.8%, down 20 basis points year-on-year. Total non-GAAP operating expenses were $591 million, up $50 million year-on-year, reflecting the impact of a strong dollar and investments we’ve made in the business. From a total operating profit perspective, non-GAAP operating profit was $618 million and non-GAAP operating margin was 27%, down 140 basis points year-on-year, reflecting above mentioned items. Interest expense was $31 million, non-controlling interest was $12 million and cash taxes were $56 million. Stock based compensation which is not included in our non-GAAP earnings was $69 million. Now I’d like to turn to the changes in our cash and debt. Total debt at the end of Q2 was $5.34 billion, cash was $2.98 billion, and net debt was $2.36 billion. We exited the quarter with a trailing 12 month EBITDA of approximately $3.18 billion. Our ratio of net debt to trailing 12 month adjusted EBITDA at the end of Q2 was 0.74 times, as I said earlier and our non-GAAP interest coverage was nearly 20 times. Turning to working capital metrics. Days of inventory was 111 days, days receivable was 31 days, an increase of 1 day sequentially. And days payable was 90 days, up 7 days versus the prior quarter. Taken together, our cash conversion cycle was 52 days and improvements of 3 days versus the prior quarter. Cash from operations was $403 million and net CapEx was $129 million resulting in non-GAAP free cash flow of $274 million. Turning to our expectations for the third quarter. We currently anticipate total revenue will be up in a range of 3% to 9% sequentially. And at the midpoint of our range, we anticipate the following trends in the business. Also is expected to be flat sequentially. Secure Connected Devices is expected to be up low double digits. Secure Interface and Infrastructure is expected to be up about 20%. And Secure Identification Solutions is expected to be down high-single digits sequentially. We anticipate revenue from corporate and other to be approximately $95 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be about 53.3, plus or minus 50 basis points. Operating expenses are expected to be about $588 million, plus or minus about $10 million. Taking together we see non-GAAP operating margin to be about 29.1%, a plus or minus 60 basis point. We anticipate cash tax to be about $37 million, estimated interest expense of about $32 million with non-controlling interest at $13 million. I’m about to comment on our capital structure and announced share repurchase program. Prior to the final transaction, NXP consistently returned all of its excess cash to its owners. We continue to believe this and are supported in this view by our Board of Directors. Given our short term cash requirements, our current leverage and the fact that we believe the current market price significantly in the value of the company, we believe the buyback is an appropriate method to return excess cash to shareholders. To this end, our board authorized a $5 billion repurchase program. And we’ll fund this with a combination of existing cash on the balance sheet, the after tax proceeds from the terminations free, as well as cash flow from operations with the balance from debt. We’ve executed it before the end of the year, we’ll see our leverage at the end of 2018 be about 1.5 times. As a specifics of the new debt in our complete third quarter interest expenses and estimate, please note that any purchase of quantities of stock above approximately 10 million shares will be subject to a deem dividend payable by the company of about 11%. So I’d like now to turn back to the operator for your questions. I think Jeff you mentioned we’re going to have an extended Q&A session.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think the bottom line is with the, what we consider to be quite unfair process that we just went through with China. I don’t think you’ll see us trying to do any big merger or equal kind of transactions like what we did with Freescale. I mean clearly the regulatory process has proven to be quite a challenge and I think that’s not something that we perceive as being a priority now in creating value. So clearly small acquisitions that provide some unique product technology or allow us to provide a more complete solution to our customers are within reason but I don’t think that you will see us trying to do any huge transactions like merger of equals.
Peter Kelly: The way I figure out Will is versus where we were two years ago. And coming to that it is a similar numbers. There's all of all of our businesses are doing well except for as Rick mentioned, and we started to talk about that. RF tends to be – it's a relatively small business for but tends to be cyclical. So that...
Peter Kelly: So let me do the part. ZTE has started again. So that would be in Q3 and hopefully continue as a normal company going forward. As regards to the buyback, I think you know from our kind of historical activity, we don't announce buybacks and don't them. But we look at the markets on daily basis and to the extent that you know the opportunities that will go out and we would expect to complete the other buyback you know in a timely fashion.
Peter Kelly: First of all we look at the targets on a on an annual basis, we're not going to obsess over the current quarter. And there is all sort of things on and any single quarter that move the gross margin around. Having said that our gross margin right now is not where we'd like it to be and it needs to improve. Probably the biggest single thing that's hitting this year is there's about 80 basis points of kind of pricing increases.
Peter Kelly: So let me do tax, so tax we are using cash taxes quarter-by-quarter and we've given you that. We've previously said 2019 would be 12% and I think that's a good one. The impact of tightness in capacity it's a few tens of millions of dollars a quarter. I don't think it's huge.
Peter Kelly: You know Stacy, it's hard to say, we're bringing the past as quickly as we can. And I think over a period of time certainly 20 weeks is not even reasonable lead times associated with micros. So we would anticipate and hope that we'll get down into more of a reasonable range that you know kind of in the teens as opposed to even 20 as we getting into early next year.
Peter Kelly: I'd say the biggest you know three years ago, we had a problem in one quarter which shook us up pretty badly. And at that time we completely revamped our control systems. But if you like our ability to look into what this have and what shipping out, what's on the shelves. And we just continue to do that manage it really tightly, but we do manage it to that number Craig, it's not coincidence, we make sure it doesn’t go plus or minus about 2.4 months.
Peter Kelly: We would – I’m just trying to think in the best way to describe this. Normally in the past we’ve talked about 5% CapEx. I think we run in years to take about 6.5. And as Rick mentioned before, probably in and I’m saying this on the fly, in 2019 and 2020, we might let it go up to as high as 7 and we can see a very significant gross margin return given we got the funding of the breakup fee. So we reinvest some of the breakup fee back in the gross margin. So I’d say your model maybe use 7% next year and the year after, this year I think it’s about I think it’s going to be about 6.5 right of the check exactly.
Peter Kelly: I’m not sure it’s exactly $31 million that comes back, but the most – we would expect most of it’s a comeback in Q3. But we do think we’ve lost at least a quarter of our revenue in the year. It’s not like let’s say for example we were literally $30 million a quarter. It’s not like Q3 would be $60 million, this is the $30 million seems to disappear into that.
Peter Kelly: Yeah. My favorite topic, I just think that I can have a mind to run for a second I think it’s one of the most for us one of the most ridiculous things even implementing just like crazy amount of work for not much news. I think this is, in Q2 have an impact of $4 million and from memory I think is a $4 million benefit. But I mean it’s noise level, John.
Peter Kelly: That’s about think about that really. Really trying to get a fill numbers you guys asked. But I think it is approximates in the end our EBIT margins. But maybe just give me time to think about that but I think the EBIT margin a very good proxy.
Peter Kelly: What we’ve not only been, we’ve been granting less than well less than 1%. So I think that’s – on a regular basis, I think that’s the way I’d look at all our share grants. On normal annual grants would be – certainly at the moment we kind of looking at some things of what we should do in terms of how do retrain our employees should we provide them with some of additional handcuffs to keep them in the company. I think our normal grant is would be what we go forward with generally.
Peter Kelly: So on the three year bases we feel very good about this SCD. I think we the – the lion share of that business is really on the micro side and our growth there is extremely good and it’s actually been limited by capacity that we could bring online. So our customer perspective and perception which is on the micros which is I don’t know 60% or so of SCD, we see extremely strong growth and continuing to be in a solid position. And I think that’s going to continue for the next few years. In Secure Connected Devices, we continue to be in a very strong position there. We have a large OEM in India, that’s ramping, it’s clearly a factor in the near term associated with it. But we continue to be in a very strong position on the mobile wallet basis and continue to move toward very positively.
Peter Kelly: And I think C.J. will provide for you guys kind of individual operating segment growth targets at the Analyst Day. But I think there to support Rick’s comments, this has been one of the real bright spots of the business, the micros and microcontroller business has been very strong and the mobile transactions has been very strong as well.
Peter Kelly: I think we have to be careful about parsing the numbers really. I mean if I look at trailing 12 months Q2, auto grew 10%. If I look at trailing 12 months Q3 at the midpoint it’s probably about of 8.5, 9. If I look at years-to-date, it’s probably about 8.5%. I’ve – you know auto is running 8%-9% especially when to $4 billion business a year is pretty, pretty cool.
Peter Kelly: No. I think what’s happened is over the last two years, we’ve been continuing to run full out our core businesses and the areas we’re really excited to continue to do well. Yeah, our gross margin is little bit below where we want to be at the moment that would happen whatever happened. The manufacturing capability we have is it’s a really good capability, but we see some let’s say you marginal investments to make. We’re not talking about building new fabs or anything like that it’s all about marginal increases to capacity that could drive an outsized return to was in terms of profitability. I guess I’m not going to get into when are we going to hit the midpoint of the range. I think you’ll find the Analyst Day very, very helpful. But we’ll be pushing very, very hard to move forward as quickly as we can. And I think Rick mentioned earlier on that if any think over the last two years, the only thing that’s been a little bit of a challenge for us is at the margin, you have a slightly different view of the portfolio when you’re going to be part of this huge terminal to powerhouse company than you do as a pretty sizable $10 billion company. But I certainly would not characterize things has been poor or weak, I think we’ve been running full out and things only going to get better.
Peter Kelly: I things it’s two things, we’re up about $350 million, we’re up about $50 million year-on-year, half of that is currency and half of that is in kind of investment. You can get – again you can get a bit of hung up on the quarters, but if you look at it on an annual basis, what you say is true, our R&D has crept up and it’s really reflects that kind of how we were viewing the portfolio was being part of Qualcomm. But we intend to absolutely get back to within a range and stay within that strategic range and we’ve think we can drive quite a lot of value by doing that. And some years will be close of the top of the range and other years will be maybe more closer to the bottom of the range.
Peter Kelly: It depends upon the opportunities on. I think what it says is we have a really flexible balance sheet the depending on the circumstances, we could – first of all any excess cash, we will return to shareholders, so that we would be buybacks or dividend whatever. But it gives us a lot of flexibility for M&A should that prove to be a lot of opportunity given the comments Rick made before.
Peter Kelly: 250 is of that billion is actually in SSMC, our joint venture with TSMC out there in Singapore. I think one billion.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. Sure. On the dividend, we’re actively discussing, certainly we can afford it, our leverage of the end of the year would only be – if we do execute the whole buyback before the end of the year will only to be 1.5 and at the end of next year we will be back to below one. So we’re in discussions with our board and I guess we’ll update you on the Analyst Day so what we’ve decided.
Rick Clemmer: Absolutely. We will definitely. Our plan of the growth rate is balanced with stronger growth in automotive than what we would have had a couple 2.5 years ago with through this as well as in micros. Our portfolio continues to drive a lot of growth in those areas, so the continued weakness in SIS which is a relatively small portion of our total business at this point and certainly we’re working through some of the issues at RF power and digital network business. So I think when you look at it on the growth rate even though it’s the same number, it’s a much more rich fuller growth rate that plays to our strength than what we would have had two and half, three years ago when we set those targets before.
Rick Clemmer: Very profitable. SIS is probably bottomed down, we definitely went through some issues in '16 and '17. So it's certainly different links than we had two years ago. But the thing is that we were really investing you know most of the core of our companies are actually doing from our perspective very well.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, I think those are going to diametrically opposed. I think the growth rate that you are talking about I don't think anything was paused. We were focused on the opportunities and as you saw in our R&D, we've actually invested in some areas where we thought it was critical to invest in that technology to do to continue to drive our leadership with the expanded opportunities we saw. And there's a lot of factors that come into account associated with currency as well as customer funding and grants et cetera. But the bottom line is there's not anything that we need to re-accelerate, we have been making a good level of investment. I think one of the things that we will consider on CapEx is perhaps strengthening that a little bit for the next couple of years to be sure that we can drive our cost reduction opportunities expanding some of our internal capacity and perhaps using a little bit of a break-up to really reinvest in the cost savings for the company. But on the OpEx side I think we do not have to reignite anything, in fact we're making those investments for the future to continue to drive our strength.
Rick Clemmer: It was an interesting, you know it's pretty interesting because it is clearly important for us from a revenue viewpoint, it was considered to be one of the factors in the discussions with the Chinese relative to the regulatory approval process. And so it's quite surprising that the Chinese made the decision they did not to actually approve the transaction given that ZTE was brought back to life by the U.S. Administration in Congress.
Rick Clemmer: You've had a bunch of people say role length has gone up, frights gone up, but that's certainly causes headwind. We would expect to quickly get into a range. And you know clearly depends on the mix of products and a whole bunch of other things. But I don't like the current quarter, I think we need to do better, but there's nothing structurally no.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, and I guess you know Stacy, when you look at it you know our kinetics family up until maybe a month ago, we were at 26 weekly lead time which is clearly not where we want to be. And when you have those design wins, you have to work with customers to be sure you don't take them lying down even with those extended lead time. So as we get our manufacturing capacity back in time, back in line it should allow us to be in a position where we can drive growth faster than what we've been able to achieve with the capacity limitations. And we'll see that as we approach the end of the year some of that begin to come on line. And you know clearly the thing that we're excited about is the design wins we have and the ability to drive that and we've been able to keep customers where they haven't gone lying down even though we've had limitations and extremely unacceptable long lead times based on what we have to lay out. We've actually reduced those slightly in the last few weeks and we think we'll continue to get those under more of a reasonable basis going forward.
Rick Clemmer: The truth is, this is always a tug of war with a big dusty houses, they are focus on their turns and nerds and want to be sure they have less inventory and we’d like to be sure we actually have a little more inventory in the channel to be able to support our customer base and drive the growth that we’re trying to achieve. So that’s always a little bit of arm wrestle to see where it is. We’re still in that range of 2.4 during the quarter, it may go slightly below that but we’re at that range. And frankly I’d prefer it to be more closer to 2.5 than the 2.4.
Rick Clemmer: Absolutely. So we have the strongest portfolio in radar products and working broadly with all of the major car customers. And so their exceptions of our technology has been really overwhelming and we’re very pleased with that. The ramping the capacity to be able to support the requirement has been more of a challenge in the design win side. But with the portfolio we have and the ability to bring total solutions together, we continue to grow and get strength in driving more of a complete solution with our automotive customers. And clearly our radar success has been a contributing factor to that. But as we look at safer driving and autonomous driving, radar is only one factor associated with it. Also our vehicle to vehicle communications platform, our entire microcontroller family supporting that as well as the security to be able to drive safer solutions is really some of the key technology that we’re talk more about in our Analyst Day that we think will really allow us to continue to drive growth well above the marketplace.
Rick Clemmer: So when you think about automotive and especially moving to autonomous driving, the center fusion you know we will not have that high performance processing capability that we would have had with the combination with Qualcomm. So clearly that something that we have to figure out how we work with our customers and those companies to really be able to partner to provide solutions to be able to fill it. But when you really think about the after the learning process takes place with artificial intelligence, it’s really more about the microcontrollers and the capability to drive that on a consistent basis at an affordable basis for a broader array of cars, is really what drives the improved safety. And frankly, NXP is extremely well positioned to take advantage of that and provide solutions that will really get continue to drive strong growth. So I think we’re in a very solid position. The interesting thing that we’ve really made some progress over the last couple of years on the analog side is we think our portfolio is even more well through the towards the electric vehicle portion of the automotive market that what we bought in 2.5 years ago. So we think that our portfolio will talk more about that in the Analyst Day, will serve roughly 40% of the TAM associated with electric vehicles and really process in a great position. But we’ll continue to see the safer driving moving towards autonomous driving or NXP will be a key leader in driving that technology to facilitate saver driving across the industry.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah and we probably wanting to be completely back it at full run rate John in Q3 but we’re getting close and working to do that and working with the new management team at ZTE to be in a position to support them as they really look at how they go addresses this in the market place.
Rick Clemmer: John, our growth rate across the board with still very strong in automotive. The one area that we had a little headwind in the quarter was in auto microcontrollers for some of that is the lack of some of discrete reduce the pool by our customers. I mean it was a little bit surprising because they really didn’t give us as much indication of that early in the quarter. And as you know we have just in time warehouses and all those key customers. But if they went through the pull process towards the end of the quarter, it was a lower levels than what we would have anticipated based on some of their inability to have sufficient discrete products in place. But the rest of the portfolio continues to perform very well and we continue to be very excited about the growth of our automotive business going forward and probably at a higher rate than we were thinking about three years ago.
Rick Clemmer: Actually, I really need going into handcuffs you know we want to keep our employees in survive and I do think that as we go through a reset in a reboot, we’ll see a little bit of additional equity probably as our board gets through that and will you give some more specifics when you get through the Analyst Day here in September.
Rick Clemmer: And if we look at it over the three year basis, the ability to really take that business in drive the processing to the edge as well as the security to be able to provide to ensure that there is not hacking as we go to the world of the Internet of Things, this is really a key area for us and one we think we will contribute significantly to the growth and we’re well positioned with the product portfolio basis to really support customers and solutions and really be able to facilitate realizing the pull value of the cloud and the capability that it offers to all of the users.
Rick Clemmer: You our position is very good and very solid. I think as we’ve seen e-vehicles begin to grow contribute to the overall automotive growth. And our portfolio on analog which is well positioned to specifically drive growth in that area particularly in China where we see a lot of e-vehicle growth. I think we’ll see that the growth of those some of those design wins that we’ve been able to achieve over the last few quarters in years, I really begin to kick in associated with it. But I think if anything when you look at it on a customer facing basis in position our share is gaining and we continue to have design wins growing at a much more rapid right than our overall revenues which but in a great position. The automotive business is one where you win designs two to four years before you actually begin to ship. So by look at the design wins, we continue to gain market share and we well positioned for growth going forward.
Rick Clemmer: I think it’s affecting all the competitors in automotive micros. So I don’t anticipate that we are unusual at all. But we clearly are one of the leaders in that space. So as they have discrete shortages that impact their overall basis, it has more of an impact on us because of our position in auto micros. The resolution of that I can’t really address that I think we don’t see that as being an area that’s going to be a prolonged basis. We think the auto companies are going to get back to more of a normalized basis on micros as we move forward.
Rick Clemmer: And if we look at over the next few years, I think we’re going to see nothing but maybe increased growth associated with based on the designed wins being able to achieve.
Rick Clemmer: So I think we’re in great position in automotive. And you really can’t look at in on quarter-by-quarter as Peter just said you get a look at in a little bit of an annual basis to really reflect what’s going on in the automotive market per se.
Rick Clemmer: I think we are seeing it broad base. So I think we’re in a leadership position. I think that our portfolio plays well. I think when you really look at it in the marketplace, we have the strongest portfolio, the ability to go from the core micros to higher in micros to apps processors and some products that we just announce the kind of crossover between micros and apps processor. There really but it’s in the unique position to drive solution for customers that they really don’t have the opportunity to have that kind of breath of portfolio. And then we can even go to the high end associated with our network processors. So I think the portfolio of processing capability that we have really plays well in the overall market, well it’s not the center fusion capability as a real high end, I think when you look at the applications that drive the high volumes and the capability, we’re really well positioned to take advantage of that. And our portfolio plays extremely well and the team there they are doing a great job of positioning that business to move forward and continue to win market share.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. I think that think there clearly is some potential like in NFC where we actually have been working with Qualcomm for the last few years associated with it. I think you have to give us a little bit of time to get through the overhang. I think we and Qualcomm were both working diligently through midnight last night to be able to close the transaction. So I think you have to give us a little time to think about if there’s really any opportunity for us to work together going forward. I wouldn’t rule it out. I think that as we think about the high end processing associated with the automotive market, we clearly are going to have to look at some partnerships to be able to drive a more complete solution for our customers, since we don’t have the capability if you combine with Qualcomm. But I think it’s premature to really talk about that specifically. I think we’re really excited about the growth opportunities we have. We would have loved to have had that leadership connectivity combined with our leadership processing and security that would have been combined into what I believe to be the industry power out, but since the regulators didn’t that take place. We think we’re well positioned in really can drive significantly above market growth and continue to create significant shareholder value going forward.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. No that’s great question. I think when you look at the IoT business and really moving to the edge, we’re really getting well positioned with the cloud providers and really providing a unique capability associated with it. To be fair, we have actually put a pause on some of our Wi-Fi development capabilities with the planning for the merger with Qualcomm. So we’re back considering those and how we get in a position to really have the connectivity platforms to be able to drive complete solutions for our customers. And we have some technology in our network processing area in the Wi-Fi space. Clearly we’re going to look at how we can position and drive to a broader array of customers through the industrial space. But we’re getting really positive feedback from the big cloud guys about the unique capability we have to really protect the edge and facilitate take the smart edge processing and then be able to move those transactions to the cloud to be able to facilitate that which is when you really build IoT, one of the critical factors to be able to drive that in fact it was a couple a month or six weeks ago maybe they came out with companies with machine learning and artificial intelligence and frankly we were the fourth one mentioned in the semiconductor space which surprised me a little bit as we went through it but then when we peel the onion and understood what they were taking into account relative to our edge processing capability and working with the cloud providers really confirmed the architecture in the opportunity space that we’ve been focused on and where we see some significant growth, but this year, but out over the next few years and where we think we’re well positioned with our technology to really provide a leadership capability.
Rick Clemmer: You know I guess – we talk about manufacturing capacity and really investing in internal capacity to drive our gross margins, one other things that’s even included in our CapEx now is we’re doing a significant expansion in our SSMC joint venture in Singapore where we have a joint venture with theism TSMC and we’re significantly increasing the capacity in that facility and that’s comprehended in the CapEx where we are. What we’re talking about is the potential to continue to expand that and be able to drive some of the unique solutions and unique profits and get the ability that we have to be able to meet our customer requirements. And taking a little bit of our breakup fee driving that investment to really ensure expansion of our gross margins and ability to drive. That’s a key priority for us and one that we think a good return for our shareholders.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, I guess it’s we should not let your statement go without at least responding to that you said on flat revenues. Actually the revenue in HPMS is up 5% year-over-year. So our R&D has grown a little faster than revenue with some of the strategic investments we’re making. It’s not like all of that OpEx is based on product revenue. We are up 5% and if we look out in the future we think we’ll continue to outgrow the market. So I don’t – we’ll go through it in the September Analyst Day a lot more detail on our target models and where we are, but we’re not backing off our total target relative to R&D. But we are making the strategic investments to be able to ensure that we solidify the stronger growth going forward in the near term.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. When you think about LiDAR, we are the processing capability for a number of the LiDAR solutions that are in the marketplace. So we play a significant role in providing them the specific LiDAR technology. When you think about safer driving, it’s not about any individual solution, you need to really have a complete solution that includes radar, includes LiDAR potentially depending on how advance LiDAR gets. All have – so has include vision and all of those will provide that we don’t have the sensor capability far built in, we’re making the investments because of the size of those in the uncertainty and some of those technologies will provide the processing capability to be able to facilitate that. And when you look at the solution to really be able to drive safer driving, we provide the backbone for the bulk of that and ability to really be a significant participant in driving those solutions as we go forward.
Rick Clemmer: So you – I got distracted as you talk about SI&I. Could you just repeat the question just before that again, because I was focused on that to sort time on that 5G, sorry.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. So I guess over the last couple of years, we spent a lot of time really looking at the opportunities that we saw in EV. We – if you look at our analog portfolio, we have really a very strong position. We think that we’ll address about 40% of electric vehicle total tamers are served market. And so I think we’re in a really strong position to be able to expand that. That’s much broader much higher percentage than we’re planning on 2.5 to 3 years ago as we talked about that. And specifically, as you look at the growth in e-vehicle, electric vehicles in China, I think we’re really in a good position to be able to support that in and take advantage of that marketplace growth. On the SI&I, 5G, we’re not in the best position to talk about the 5G rollout. I do think that when we look at our portfolio and some of the massive MIMO capability that we have the MIMO it’s kind of an interim step as you’re moving to 5G. We have some solutions that will be a contributing factor to growth. The question is when that will be deployed, whether it’s months or quarters and just how much overall impact it will have, but I think it will be a contributing factor to be able to drive the growth going forward.
Rick Clemmer: So, I think if you look at the DN, DN is we have seeing a pretty significant shift except it especially in the network processing areas. A lot of those customers have moved their fundamental processing capability internally. We still are driving multi-core arm solutions with some limited portion of the portfolio for those customers, but it’s not in the broad base that it was five or six years ago. So that’s one of the reasons that we’re spending quite a bit of time looking our network processing area in DN. And frankly looking at the capability, we are seeing some significant opportunities in automotive for basically taking a network architecture and applying that to the car and some of the technology we have there are really positions to this well to be able to provide a leadership technology in providing that communications hub if you will in the car which is a real opportunity to use our fundamental technology. On 5G per se on the DN, I don’t think that it’s really going to be a significant factor in driving huge growth parts, but we will be a participant. We do have technology that allows us some software upgrades in the network processor that really opens the market opportunities for us but we have to prove the size of those and what is significant – and how significant that will be in our growth in that specific area before.
Rick Clemmer: The demand is broad based industrial across the board. China represents half of our shipments are going to China and the continued strength in China continues to be very solid. But the broad base of our product applications really covers all the areas from consumer goods to through to industrial applications associated with it. And we see strength in all of those areas in for example or micro area where double-digit growth has been very consistent probably would have been even stronger if we would have the manufacturing capacity in place to able to prove it.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, it’s 90 nanometer special process proprietary process that we have outsourced to a foundry partner that has not been able to bring own capacity of the same right to our customer orders have come in. They’ve actually stepped up their capacity now where we think late this year going into early next year will be in a position to basically replenish our inventories that we’ve drained in that area. So it’s been a limiting factor to growth but we still had strong growth in micros even with that. And so our growth would have just been even stronger if we would have that manufacturing capacity with our foundry partner have been able to support all or customer demands. The design wins we have in that area and the capability to continue to drive that we build very positive about.
Rick Clemmer: So, that will be subject to the full that’s tax rates are 25% so be about $1.5 billion after tax. We’ve already received the funds from Qualcomm, so they’ve wired that to us this morning. Leverage at the end of the year assuming we buy back the $4 billion, $5 billion to be 1.5 and will be back below one at the end of 2019 pretty easily.
Rick Clemmer: Thank you, operator. So thanks a lot for joining us today. It’s frankly good to be back. We look at the opportunities we’ve got going forward and we’re very excited about the opportunity to continue to outgrow the market and drive significant shareholder value. So we look forward to seeing you all on September 11 in New York City for our Analyst Day and be happy to go into more detail of that point time about the significant market opportunities and where our solutions really make a difference for customers and being able to drive growth. Thanks a lot.
