Richard L. Clemmer: Well, John, I think when you look at it, as we talk about the growth that we have in the business in Q3, of the 9%, there's maybe a percent or so that is kind of reflected in our I&I business associated with the basestations. But really, the bulk of growth comes from the combination of the growth of our ID business and mobile transactions which is roughly half of that 8%. And then significant design wins that we've talked about on the interface and switch site associated with Portable & Computing, which is roughly the other half associated with it. As we look at those, that ramp was a very significant ramp in Q3 and obviously was a significant contributor to the growth that we had with high-performance mixed signal being up 24% on a year-over-year basis. If we look at moving into Q4, we would expect that ramp is basically taking place. And so it'll be -- those specific programs will be relatively flat in Q4. And with our typical seasonal pattern, combined with the really anemic economic environment, more specifically in China for us, we see an outlook that will be down in the rest of our business driving the total reduction, that Peter talked about, of 3% to 9% for Q4 on a sequential basis, which by the way, will still be up over 25% from a year ago basis.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes. So, John, maybe I could just add a little more color to that. There's -- some of the really low-end products that are very marginal, even gross margin, that we actually didn't participate in. We walked away from those orders. We did not want to continue to participate in that. So some of the aggressive price competition, primarily led by some of the Chinese manufacturers, we actually did not participate in as we've really tried to focus on our thrust areas. And even Standard Products, really, again are more focused on our smartphone customers where they really need more increased DSP protection etc. So that was one of the factors. We are doing a little bit on the R&D side. Not very significant dollar-wise. Investing in linear, really in the Standard Products base because of the inherent technology that we have in the significant market opportunity that we see associated with that. So we're investing in trying to be sure that we can get that business back within the target models that we believe that we can operate in. And It's just a contribution of how we get there, but clearly, we walked away from a reasonable amount of the true low-end business based on the aggressive price competition that we continue to see in that space.
Richard L. Clemmer: Thanks, Jim. I think that this really is a clear demonstration of our technical capability. I think, from our overall position, we believe that our IP is clearly adequately protested -- protected as we have a very strong IP portfolio and we clearly will utilize that to be sure that we protect our product position associated with it. So we're not significantly concerned about someone coming in. We think that our IP position, which we will be prepared to use to our fullest extent to protect our product's capability, will put us in a great position associated with it. Clearly for us, the opportunity has rolled us out to more and more successful smartphone and tablet customers and ability to drive the fundamental capability. So proving that technology and really being a significant player in the smartphone and tablet space, really puts us in a different position to be able to drive some of the volume and the increase in demand.
Richard L. Clemmer: But clearly, our priority is continuing to pay down the debt. And we're going to generate a reasonable amount of cash as we move forward over the next few quarters and we'll continue to use that to focus on how we continue to reduce our debt.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I think it's really more of a reflection of the anemic economic environment we see. Clearly, China is very critical to us as a company, with as much of our business that flows into greater China, as it does. And so what we've seen, is we've definitely seen a slowdown take place in the market in China as more in line with the rest of the world. There's some discussion that after the elections, and then a few months after that, when they begin to provide the economic stimulus, we could see an improvement of the environment in China. But it's not something that we have a divine perspective of. I mean, we've really been talking about this for 3 or 4 quarters, an anemic economic environment. And we saw about a 3 or 4-month period of time where, clearly, China improved. It's not the case today. With that fundamental anemic economic environment, we're not optimistic about a real growth in the fundamental business, with the exception of the ramp up of these more specific design wins that we've talked about. But if you look at -- seasonally -- our seasonal pattern, which is hard to really talk about seasonal basis in the semiconductor business with the inherent of fundamental cyclicality, but we're typically down in Q4, as we talked about, and down in Q1 on a sequential basis, then with a really strong rebound in Q2 and Q3 before we then roll off slightly in Q4 and down in Q1. So that's kind of our typical seasonal pattern. But I'm not sure that there's anything that's very typical seasonal in the semiconductor business.
Richard L. Clemmer: To be fair, that's always a challenge with our distribution partners. They would like to be sure that they reduce their inventory to the absolute lowest level possible. We'd like to be sure that they maintain adequate inventory to be able to supply our customer base. If you'd look at us, track us over the last year or so, we had been in the range of 2.4 to 2.7 months of inventory for the last 5 or 6 quarters. So we're clearly at the bottom end of the range that we've been in over this period of time and would not want to see those inventory levels go down significantly from where they are today. But -- and we think anything from 2 to 3 months of inventory is actually a very reasonable basis associated with it. So we feel comfortable that we're at the right level of inventory. That may not be the case in every different product area. You have to look at the absolute details associated with it, but we would not expect to -- we would not want to see a significant reduction associated with the distie inventories. But that's always a challenge in working with our partners associated with their turns and earns programs.
Richard L. Clemmer: So if I could just add one thing, Ross, if you really think about the gross margins, one of the key factors associated with that is factor utilization. And in our IC wafer fabs, we continue to be in a pretty good factor utilization, 92%, 91% plus. And so that continued strength of the factor utilization on the IC space continues to give us some ground basis, give us some foundation associated with our gross margins in HPMS. So I think that's really the key factor associated with it for us.
Richard L. Clemmer: And to be specific, I was talking about HPMS. Clearly in Standard Products, we're operating at lower factor utilization and it's clearly one of the pressures that we do have on gross margin, Ross.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, I think we'll follow the normal smartphone and tablet seasonal patterns, Ross. You should think about it that way. We clearly ramped very aggressively in Q3. So we're kind of at the runway on the first 2 design wins at the -- in Q3. And so as we said, we'd expect that to be relatively flat for Q4, but then -- following kind of the seasonal patterns. And then with, really, the next major design win ramping, kind of middle of 2013. Although some smaller design wins that we'll actually have beginning to ramp between now and then, but not really as significant in moving the needle on the overall growth.
Richard L. Clemmer: I'm not sure, CJ, I understood correctly. I guess the -- on some of these high-volume design wins, clearly they won't be the same profitability levels as kind of the fundamental rest of our business, but will drive more incremental growth. So we haven't talked about the specifics associated with those. But clearly not at the same levels. But a big chunk of that has clearly ramped in the Q3 results associated with it. So as far as any balancing associated with that, we've seen that in the Q3 results. It won't be a big factor, swinging one way or the other, as we go forward on a sequential basis from that Q3 base.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, industrial, I think you should talk about them separately, frankly. I think the industrial side, we're seeing just the overall impact of the absolutely poor or anemic economic environment across the board. And you tell me when the economy's going to improve, and I'll tell you that's when industrial area is going to improve. I am hopeful that as China gets through their government change and they begin to implement some of the programs that early next year we could see an improvement associated within marketplace in China. But that's a hope, as I said. In Automotive, clearly Automotive, there's some pressure, but we just talked about -- we had record shipments in Q3 in both North America and China. So I think that really talks about our portfolio and where we are and it's really going to be dependent upon the number of cars manufacturer, with clearly the projections on the number of units manufactured next year kind of slipping down a little bit. Kind of flat to low single-digit, with the kind of the expectations, which I think we're a little -- a few points higher than that maybe 3 or 4 months ago. So I clearly think that we see a reduced outlook, but not a precipitous decline associated with the automotive market.
Richard L. Clemmer: If it doesn't deteriorate significantly from here, then probably we're in that range. But if the economic environment were to continue to deteriorate, and some of the world's economies moved into a true recession, then clearly that would have an impact associated with it. But I don't think we've seen a precipitous enough decline in the economic environment that we would see any major change.
Richard L. Clemmer: Actually, we should clarify. If you look at our P&C business, we're up 31% from a year ago in Q3. And if we're flat, it'll still be strong increase year-over-year in Q4. So I think we are experiencing the growth from those design wins that allows us to have that kind of fundamental growth on a year-over-year basis is significantly associated with it. If you look at the absolute PC, because PC -- when we talk about Portable & Computing, we're actually talking about more on smartphones and tablets as opposed to specifically PC side. But we do have products that go in PCs. Some of our interface products, some of our standard products and some of our logic products that do go into PCs. But really probably the most significant area with the concentration into the network PC business is our GreenChip basis, on the power supplies associated with that. And as we talked about, that business was flat for us in Q3. So we're not expecting to see a huge decline. But again, it's more focused on the notebook side. And what we've really found out is, is that some of the inventory gyrations associated with that space has more of an impact than just the fundamental PC demand, to be honest. But it's not a significant factor in our overall business, other than kind of the standard products and logic and discretes and some of the interface parts that we ship into the PC market itself.
Richard L. Clemmer: It's really only associated with our design wins. If you look at -- as we move forward in 3G and LTE, we have a significant share of the design wins. It's kind of most of the key customers have decided that our technology is kind of the technology of choice associated with it. So as the industry basestation deployment moves more towards to LTE and 3G, clearly we will have a much larger share than we did in the 2G and 2.5G markets where we had a relatively low market share. But those design wins have been years into fruition as we've worked on them. And now we see that taking place specifically in the Q3 results. But what we found in the basestation market is, is it is probably one of the more volatile in the quarter-by-quarter basis of any segment of our business. So having those design wins is really the first step associated with it. And then how we manage the supply chain associated with the volatility in orders, or lack thereof, of basestation deployment throughout the infrastructure, is frankly probably one of the more significant challenges. But we've made excellent progress in the high-performance RF. And I think that we're the true leader in technology on the 3G and LTE basestations.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, I think it's probably worth pointing out that with the very anemic economic environment that we see, we're being very selective with some of our investments. Clearly we're -- we continue to step up our investments in our ID business and focus on the smartphones and tablets space. But in a lot of the other areas, we're basically pushing out some of the increased investments until we see a more robust economic environment where we feel like we have the capability to make those investments. So I think that's really a factor for us, is being very focused and very selective on our R&D investments. And clearly, we want to be sure that on the SG&A side, we move towards best-in-class from overall semiconductor performance viewpoint.
Richard L. Clemmer: And we actually have some debt that comes due in 2013 that we'll pay down from just our operating cash flow.
Richard L. Clemmer: You know, Gareth, we don't provide a book-to-bill number on our call. Primarily because our business has very different patterns across different end-markets. So really if we give you a number, it's really not very insightful. And that it might actually cause you to draw the wrong conclusion. So we really -- it's not our metric that we provide on our earnings call. The one thing that we should say is, is that orders have been weak for the -- for Q3, I think we've said that. And they continue to be weak. We feel comfortable with the guidance that we've said for the Q4 timeframe. But clearly orders are weak and we have to be sure that we continue to perform to be able to execute the revenue guidance that we've laid out for Q4.
Richard L. Clemmer: Autos, I think when it comes down to many factors. There's inventory levels that head throughout the value chain. I understand that there are some cases where there's inventory of high-end cars in certain regions. So clearly that will be a factor and have to be worked down. I think that as we look at flat to 1 or 2 percentage point increase in overall automotive shipments in 2013, that comprehends the expectation associated with normalizing the inventory in Automotive space. In Industrial space, everybody has a theory about where inventories are. I don't really believe that with the industry -- that all of our end customers, the way they are today, that there's a huge amount of inventory because a lot of our customers are on a pull basis and I just don't believe that they have a significant ramp up of inventory in place. I see a lot of the press, but we certainly have no specifics that would confirm that.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well so, Harlan, first off, we should be specific. The first 2 design wins, one of those is a very sophisticated interface part and other one is a simple switch that is in it. So I just want to be clear associated with it. If you look at the design win that we talked about that will ramp in mid 2013, it's actually a microcontroller associated with it, with unique applications associated with it. But we think that we're in a very solid position. Our customers have various sources of supply. We think that we're in a very good position associated with these. And we'll continue to move forward in supporting all of our customers with the deployment of this technology.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we don't expect to see the -- with the current expectations from customers, we wouldn't see that growth. We'd see -- as we talked about earlier, that particular segment is very choppy associated with it. And we don't break down the specific guidance on our high performance RF but the -- we're, I guess the real question is, is when will the ramp up of basestations take place on 3G and LTE? I continue to believe that the fundamental requirements of data processing are going to drive a further increase in demand in basestations. And as that takes place, we feel very comfortable with the design wins that we have we'll be in a leadership position of ramp up of revenue. But it's going to continue to be choppy and we're certainly not planning on any growth and maybe a slight decline in Q4 associated with basestations.
Richard L. Clemmer: But going into 2013, we're very optimistic as the -- as 3G and LTE basestations ramp, it will be in a great position, Harlan.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we announced the -- a couple of quarters ago that we're going to take our 3 fabs and 9 meg [ph] in the Netherlands and move that over an extended period of time into one 8-inch facility to continue to drop further cost reductions associated with that. So we continue to work on that and work towards that. We'll always be working on our factory loadings and ensuring that we drive our cost reductions associated with it. But that's kind of the fundamental requirement in the semiconductor industry. And we'll continue to work on programs. As I said, we're very focused on being sure that we move to top-tier SG&A performance. And clearly, that's an area that we'll continue to work as well.
Richard L. Clemmer: We do not. The real problem with that is, is as we ship to our customers, we're not sure where they actually deploy that. Because they actually move product around. So anything that we would tell you on a regional basis, we think would be misleading. But it is important to realize that we had record shipments into North America and China in the Q3 timeframe in our Automotive business.
Richard L. Clemmer: Thank you, operator. So we thank you for your continued interest in NXP. In summary, we believe that our Q3 results demonstrated measurable success in executing our long-term strategy. Specifically, achieving product revenue growth of 9% in this overall economic environment, clearly better growth than our peers, really confirms the strategy that we've put in place and have been discussing with you. We delivered improved operational performance resulting in a 25% sequential improvement in net income. And then the resulting $100 million of free cash flow generation clearly continues to drive our focus on deleveraging our balance sheet and continuing to reduce our debt with the repayment of $200 million of high coupon Super Priority Notes. With the fundamental anemic economic environment continuing to challenge sustained revenue growth, we think that our progress in new areas of engagement, position NXP in a positive fashion that will support better than industry performance. Thank you so much.
Peter Kelly: I guess there is -- I guess, a potential structural issue, if you like, John, in the sense that -- Standard Products at the moment, from a utilization perspective, is running quite weak. So the fixed costs tend to be quite high. So I think the biggest impact in Standard Products right now is, it comes in 2 areas: one, the macroeconomic environment is pretty weak, so pricing is tough, not -- certainly not any worse than we've seen in the previous quarter. But the loadings on their fabs is quite anemic at the moment. So until we see a turnaround, I don't think you're going to see a big fall through in the Standard Products here.
Peter Kelly: No. I mean, I think there's -- while we have the level of debt that we have, there's always more we can do. That just happens to be my best view right now.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I know, I think, what I said in the Analyst Day is that I believe we can see a very clear track to get into our operating margin model relatively quickly. Gross margin, given the profile and the mix of our business at the moment, is a little bit more challenging. But, yes, absolutely, you should continue to see good performance from an operating margin perspective. And we do need to continue to work on gross margin.
Peter Kelly: The biggest impact we have on our gross margin at the moment, Ross, is really mix. We go from -- as we go from Q2 to Q3, the fall through is a little bit more -- a little bit higher than we would like, but actually where we expected it to be. So we're probably about $12 million short and that was, as I've said, that was driven primarily by mix. As we go into Q4, you see the fall through is only -- even as we reduced, the fall through is about 45%, which maybe is a little bit better than you expected. But it really is driven by mix. So there's nothing big from a cost perspective or a cost reduction perspective that is driving that number.
Peter Kelly: To be honest, Ross, we would -- as you know, our challenge at the moment is to continue to improve our gross margin. But it's going to be a while before you see us at the level that we'd like to see it at.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think you have to think about our manufacturing strategy, Ross. We don't actually build everything internally in the -- from an HPMS perspective. So for example, quite a lot of our ID revenue now is built in external factories and quite a portion of our P&C revenue is built in external factories. And they are both areas that are doing relatively well.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I think what I said in the Analyst Day is we see a path to exiting 2013 on an operating margin level of 25%. One of the challenges for us will be to continue to improve our gross margin percent. But the next milestone for us is to achieve a gross margin with a 5 in front of it. And that's something we're working diligently towards. But I think it'll be a while before you see that.
Peter Kelly: Well, I mean, just to be clear. We said 25% operating margin exiting the full year if the macroeconomic environment doesn't deteriorate, right? I didn't actually say when we get to the 50% on gross margin. So I'd like to continue to maintain that wiggle room. The reality is, if the macroeconomic environment continues to decline the way we've seen it in the last couple of months, yes, I think it would be a challenge. But...
Peter Kelly: Yes. And clearly, we've demonstrated now that we can outgrow the general market. And there's no reason that we should let that one continue.
Peter Kelly: There's a number of things we can do. But one of the things that really helps us is, as we grow with these specific design wins, how we grow -- and in how we grow with our ID business in particular, there are businesses where we've -- we get relatively weaker gross margin than our normal entitlement. But the volume could resolve fixed costs in a much better way. So the pull through that we get is pretty substantial, actually.
Peter Kelly: You guys are tough. So only a quarter ago, I was saying $240 million to $260 million. So I thought you'd be pretty pleased with $200 million to $220 million. But, yes, as we generate the cash, I will absolutely look at what we do with that. And we're extremely committed to paying down our debt. So...
Peter Kelly: Yes. Just to add to Rick's comments there. When we talk about our guidance from Q2 to Q3, we mentioned that the increase in basestations was probably because we think some of our customers have gotten pretty lean in terms of their inventory, so they needed to restock a little. So you do see those swings that Rick talked about. And yes, Q4 will definitely not be as strong as Q3 for the base stations.
