Kurt Sievers: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks, Gary also for the feedback. Yes, we have indeed and that's a good thing, increased our distribution performance in the second quarter, which is also why I said in my prepared remarks that we saw the trough in our consumer exposed businesses, which are the main users of that distribution channel already back in Q1. So we went up into Q2. However, at the same time, we do not see a real rebound in China, so I think that the main trigger point for us would be upper rebound in China, which in our case would both be relevant to the Android handset business, as well as to the consumer exposed IoT business. That hasn't really happened to the extent that we would consider it consistent and persistence enough in order to move up with distribution inventory. And that's why we try to confirm indeed that all the numbers we just gave you for the guidance contemplate a strict 1.6 again, still we may move higher, but then we would also deliver more revenue accordingly in case we see that rebound in China coming. Today, it's not visible.
Kurt Sievers: Gary, I mean, I'll let you draw your conclusions about the fourth quarter, which we don't guide here. But clearly, what I did repeat, and I think I said this last earnings already that the second-half is going to be larger than the first-half. Now we are adding indeed that the second-half is also going to grow over the second-half of last year. We don't want to tell it closer than this at this point. It's just hard in the current environment to do so. But I think the key point here is that it is really based on two separate legs, which are very important to contemplate. One, is consistent strength in the automotive core industrial and comms infra business pulling just continue to pull ahead. While at the same time, we left this trough in the consumer exposed businesses in Q1 behind us, which then also helps indeed in the second-half to resume the growth, which I was describing. Now for the fourth quarter specifically, let's see when we get there how that goes.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, good morning, Joshua. Indeed, it was last earnings that we mentioned that there were about two. Actually as we said European auto Tier 1s, which seem to have some over inventory. In the meantime, this is all contemplated in the guidance you just heard. It is still a, I would say, an unstable situation, because in the meantime lead times have largely normalized. So we are back to a much more normal order pattern, which is good after 2.5 years of turmoil from supply challenges. At the same time, OEMs are asking very much more strict inventory targets from the Tier 1s, but that hasn't settled in all cases. So what we are -- say, seeing here is that in several cases, there is a bit of a 10 situation between the OEMs, the auto OEMs and the automotive Tier 1s, and how much inventory they should actually hold. And that mixed with those golden screw leftovers is indeed leading to a somewhat uneven situation, which in the end and that I mean, I've seen this two, three times before in those cycles. It is now the normalization of what we've had the -- over the past 2.5 years with not much more normal lead times. And in that sense, I think everything is contemplated. I'd say the situation has normalized relative to what I did say last time.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Ross. Good morning, happy to -- I'm happy to do so, but let me maybe just respond to the initial part of the question on the shoe to drop in automotive. I think the shoe just fits, I -- we just don't see it dropping, because things are largely normalized by now, which means indeed we only have a few actually stubborn pockets of supply constraints left. But in the biggest scheme of things, I mean, they are nasty for customers, but from a revenue perspective or from an order size perspective, those are actually quite small. So this whole idea of a totally overstated backlog or huge inventory build, I mean, that's behind us. We've been working through this over the last three quarters. The automotive industry situation, in my view, is actually surprisingly good, I'd say surprisingly, because when you remember back to the SAAR forecast at the beginning of the year, they were more in the 3% range. I think last quarter, we talked about 4%. We keep quoting S&P and now they say 5%. And that's also the numbers which are being recorded from the different regions. So SAAR itself is on a solid path for this year. Yes, it still only returns then for the full-year with 87 million units to a number which is still lower than the 2019 peak volume. The more important part of it, obviously, is the top -- how many electric vehicles and hybrid vehicles are amongst that? And also they're very consistent. Any forecast we have says that about a third of the global status here is going to be either hybrid or fully electric vehicles, which is a 31% year-on-year growth in absolute terms of those type of reasons, which from a content increase perspective is, of course, a fantastic opportunity for the semiconductor business. So also here, nothing to worry about. Now the whole turmoil, I would say, which clearly we have been witnessing is in the supply chain. There was this complete supply crisis over a very extended period of time, which would totally drain supply chain, which has now normalized. And then with the golden screw that normalization has been a bit uneven in cases, but I think that's all coming to a point that things are more normal. Now when you say growing just around SAAR, well, we look at our trailing 12-months growth, which I think sits at 12% currently with the guidance for Q3, which is pretty fine. I mean, this is exactly where it needs to be. And if you look back over the last 10-years, there has never been one quarter, which is showing the mathematical formula of SAAR plus content increase. I mean, that just never happens. It always moves around per quarter. So I'd say with more normal lead times now, things are in the right place.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. So, the content or our exposure to electric and hybrid vehicles is extremely accretive to us. And that is products, which are specific to the electric drive train like battery management and gate drivers for inverter control, et cetera. But it is also a lot of other products, which are pulled into electric vehicles, because they tend to be much richer when it comes to electronic features in the ADAS and body and comfort world, so highly accretive to NXP. Now what you try to do it that just doesn't work, you can never take a single quarter and compare the SAAR, which you see, to our revenue. The products which are now getting into cars, we probably shipped two quarters ago, maybe in some cases, longer. It's a very deep supply chain, which has been the whole reason for the drama over the last 2.5 years. So, it doesn't work that way. It's not like mobile, where we ship and then it sits in the smartphone four weeks later. That's not the rhythm and the cadence in automotive. So, some of this on a more, say, normalized basis over several quarters certainly has to do that finally, the supply chain is now stabilizing, which is a good thing. So, we are very happy with how it's moving, because it looks like the drama comes behind us, while at the same time, we are now in a position -- and that's very different to pre-crisis days, we are in a position now to have much longer-term demand and supply assurance programs in place with our customers, which means we have a much longer forward visibility on our revenue stream and on our required products.
Kurt Sievers: Right. I have to repeat what I said last call, because that really hasn't changed from that perspective. Our pricing follows the increased input costs and unfortunately, we continue to have increased input costs through this year. So NXP pricing, including Automotive, will be up this year. For next year, we see the same signs again of increasing input costs. A few other elements in our input costs seem to look a little bit better for next year. So, it's hard for me to say what exactly the mix of our manufacturing and input cost is going to be next year. If it is up again and unfortunately, there are signs it could be up again then we will follow the same policy we have so far. And you know it will be accepted, Vivek, because our product, especially in automotive, where I think your question is going to, is unique. It is, in most cases, anyway not replaceable on the short-term. So, there is no -- this whole idea of it is a commodity product and if the price doesn't sit where it should say somebody else gets the socket, that doesn't work in that industry. It's actually much more the opposite through what we've done over the last two, three years we have a much bigger number of very long-term agreements with our customers on demand assurance, which is to our benefit, but we also signed up for supply assurance to their benefit, which is a pretty symmetric model. But that model avoids actually any short-term fluctuations which you are probably questioning here.
Kurt Sievers: Hi, Francois. Thanks for the question. I actually I like the question, because it helps me to clarify something. We never worked on the backlog. We never have that concept of looking at a big backlog, which is like pent-up demand and then working it down. We did these NCNR agreements, which we continue to do with our customers in order to have a long-term perspective on what the true demand is. Nothing about backlog, it's really about true demand and how we can best serve that over an extended period of time. So therefore, no, there is no negative or positive impact from working dollar backlog that has normalized already. So we -- it's not that we currently benefit from a backlog, which has worked down, which would be larger than the true demand. We don't have that. That's behind us. We -- maybe we had a bit of this in the first quarter, but that's behind us. I would rather say I'm not -- I cannot completely see what you said about the negative macro impact on automotive. So clearly, I agree with you on the one hand that, of course, the macro is very uncertain, and there is a lot of concerns about consumer behavior. At the same time, if you look at the fact then as I said earlier, the SAAR for this year is consistently every quarter upgraded. So it's now at a 5% growth forecast for this year, that's not NXP it's third-party research companies. The electrification penetration is consistent with what people said before and I just checked this data yesterday, the dealer inventories are now below the long-term average in China. So they are lower than what they used to be. In the U.S., they are lower than what they used to be. Only in Europe, dealer inventories apparently have, kind of, normalized now. So while I totally agree with you that the macro is certainly more the great place to be currently. But the auto comes consumption per se is actually not in the bad shape. Maybe some OEMs were much more ambitious in the first place, that may be, but if you look at the numbers, which are actually happening month-on-month and quarter-on-quarter, it's not degrading.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. I mean there was already a quarter ago that some of our peers apparently spooked the market a bit with this -- with what you say. I mean we -- I can only report here what we are witnessing. The only one place where we see more extended pricing pressure is low-end micro controllers in China, which is something, which we have almost abundant already a while ago. I mean we are still witnessing it because it's, of course, we speak to our distribution partners there and the end customers. But that's not a place where NXP ever really wanted to be, because the main philosophy of our business is to be differentiated by product, by the product value and its performance and its specification. So wherever we would be in something you call low end or a commoditized replaceable product, it's actually not a place where NXP is normally operating. Now that doesn't mean it's zero, Francois, because things over time might commoditize. So we are always having some of this. I cannot quantify it, but it's actually quite small because the whole philosophy of NXP is to not compete on price.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, C.J., I'm hesitating a little, because I wish I could say we see the rebound, which maybe everybody was hoping for. And bottom line is what -- I will give you a few more details, but we don't see a rebound. And that's also not contemplated in any of our numbers or remarks. Now in our specific case, I would maybe highlight two things. We have a strong feeling that at least in the Android space, the over inventory, which we might have had with our customers is worked down. So it looks like that our exposure to Android phones is now such that if there is a demand increase from the consumer side, we will immediately have it also in our numbers. No more inventory sitting there, which -- and that could be company specific. So I can only say that for NXP. At the same time, we don't see a massive pickup in Android. But I'm sure our peers which have much more exposure to the China handset market will provide more clarity in this during the next calls in the next couple of days. The other side is, indeed, in Automotive, we are nicely exposed to those electric car companies, which, in my view, will be the winners in China and maybe to an extent globally. I don't know to what extent they will be able to do this globally, but certainly in China, companies like BYD potentially going forward also NIO will grow share. And our exposure to them is very nice because they have a tendency to pick up newer products much faster than the Western car companies. So on average, we have a much newer part of our portfolio in those companies, which sits at higher ASPs, which is why we benefit from their success to a much higher rate than we would with competitors from the West, given the portfolio exposure we have. So that's a good thing. And they seem to be on a good road. So I dare to say that China electric automotive is in a good place. It's developing nicely. Finally, the much more hard-to-grasp consumer IoT world, which we are serving in China, we had nice sequential increase from Q1 into Q2. And when you look at our guidance into quarter three, which in Industrial IoT is again some sequential increase, that also comes from China consumer IoT. So it is gradually increasing. However, I wouldn't call it a rebound, and that goes back to the whole discussion we had earlier about when do we start to refill the channel? The signals we have currently are not strong enough to justify that. So it's still a very mixed picture, C.J.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So I would confirm that Tier 2s have shown that behavior, absolutely. The trouble is it doesn't help us much, because most of our Tier 1 and Core Industrial and Automotive customers don't want product from these sources. So for a larger majority of our input costs that hasn't helped. Will it spread to the Tier 1 foundries? You go ask them, C.J. I don't know. I would be really stimulating here, which I can't. We don't have signs of that yet.
Kurt Sievers: Blayne, that's not new. So we've had for probably two years in a row, a quite significant input cost increases. Of course, those are our own costs, but input costs from foundries, which for us is clearly the Tier 1 foundries, which are well-known companies. And there were even -- I think it was even public to what extent they have raised their price on us, as well as in our competitors. So that is the whole reason why we had continuously had to increase our price to our customers in order to offset that and protect our gross margin performance. When that's going to change Blayne again, I don't know, but it's a matter of fact that the Tier 2 foundries, they have already reduced prices in some cases, quite considerably, but it hasn't spread so far to any of the Tier 1s, and we also haven't -- we haven't really had indications that they would change.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, most of the products are. The trouble is, and that's why I didn't give a number here -- well, not trouble is actually, it's a positive thing. A good part of our business sits under these MT&R contracts, where, by definition, we are all out for the year. So all of those products for those customers where we have these agreements, the lead time is 52-weeks by definition because the orders have been already placed for the full-year. But if you theoretically took this away and said it was -- that wasn't existing, then I'd say the largest part of NXP products have normal lead times. We have a very few remaining notes, one or two internally and one or two from third-party foundries where we are still in a severe shortage, which are very nasty because you know that each product which is missing to a customer is a big problem. But from a size perspective, if you measure it in dollars against our total revenue, this is very minimal in the meantime. And through the end of the year, it should have gone away completely.
Kurt Sievers: All right. Then operator, I think I have to close the call here, and I want to thank you all for being on the call. In summary, our take is that we see clearly now that we left the trough of the consumer exposed businesses behind us in Q1, see good incremental growth from there sequentially, while Automotive, Homes Infra and Core Industrial continue to be very solid and that together lets us resume much more predictable growth going forward. And at the same time, we are confident to stick to our resilient margin pattern at the high end of our long-term guidance. With that, I want to thank you all and speak to you next. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Bill Betz: Yes. Joshua, this is Bill. Couple of questions in there mixed around. So first, let me talk about utilization. Do we expect those to be very similar in our Q3 in the mid to low-70s? And again, what we've guided is our improved mix a bit higher revenues offsetting those utilizations very nicely of everything we can see. On inventory, we expect inventory to go down from a day standpoint internally assuming the channel stays at the 1.6, right? So we're not counting on those 25-days to deplete our internal inventory. That'll be at a later date when we feel confident in the market. So remember, so we're holding about 25-days of extra inventory internally on our balance sheet and prepared for that. I think overall longer term, I would say we're more comfortable holding about a 105-days, I would call it a bit more normal than a 95-day target we said about a year and a half ago. We've learned a lot over the last couple of years and it's just good to have a little bit more inventory, so you can really churn those any orders inside the quarter under lead times and be able to upside revenue. And clearly, we've demonstrated that the past two quarters by upsiding our revenue, having the material in our die bank and being able to fast turn them through our back-end and deliver. So the team is doing a great job here.
Bill Betz: Sure. Thank you, Ross. And let me try to share additional color for our gross margin performance for Q2, the guidance we just provided talk about the next several quarters of what we can see after Q3 and even more longer term, so beyond the next year. And again for Q2, the guidance, we did slightly better, because of that product mix. Now if you look at our distribution. Distribution represented about 51% of our sales and this is up nicely from 48%. And again, distribution long tail has higher margin, lower volume type of customers and richer mix. And again, still not where it used to be more in the mid-50s. So this, kind of, is offsetting us very nicely as we really work our internal inventory down and adjust our foundry purchase orders, it just takes time to do that. And so we feel good at the right balance, these two offsetting each other. Q3 guidance more of the same. And again, as I mentioned earlier in another question, a response to a question is, I think, and we are planning for inventory days to go below the current levels as we get that back into control and improve our free cash flow. Now beyond Q3 and next several quarters, we expect I'd say remain at the high-end of the gross margin model of 58%, plus or minus the 50 basis points. And again, mix I believe is more of a tailwind, not as a headwind, because the distribution we're really focusing on that long tail and we expect that to really kick-in as we continue to go forward. Now much longer term, so think about beyond next year. I would say our ambitions are to see gross margins to expand further, driven by higher revenues. You have to remember this falls through on a 30% fixed cost structure that we have talked about. We should see productivity gains, especially when returning our utilization rates to more optimal levels, so more back to that 85%. We -- I would say we plan to focus on growing that long-term customers, which again are those lower volume, but higher margin business. And lastly, you've heard us talk about this. How our new product introductions become accretive over the long-term as they ramp up? It just takes time. So overall, we feel quite good to increase gross margins over the longer term above the current levels. Obviously, the next couple of quarters, we think, will be in this zip code of what we just shared.
Bill Betz: So, Stacy, let me take that one. So selling was up, sell-through was up that's the only way you can balance that 1.6.
Bill Betz: So that's what the math is. In Q3, we expect, again, our distribution sales as a percentage of how we service our customers to be up again.
Bill Betz: We've talked about a normal steady recovery, but no sharp rebounds that many are anticipating specifically out of China.
Bill Betz: No. It's -- again, as you can imagine, six months ago, we had foundry purchase orders, we have internal utilizations that we're in, I don't know, in the '90s, right? So naturally, as we adjust our inventory levels to real demand we adjust both those levers. I mean that's just normal business.
Bill Betz: Sure. I think there's a combination of tailwinds offsetting those -- that internal utilization. First off, the internal utilization in our factory footprint is much lower than it was three or four or even six years ago during different cycles. We're talking about 30% fixed cost structure, much lower than the past as we source 60% externally. The mix of our products, the quality of our portfolio have improved. And, so you can see as we work through the cycle, distribution was quite low, and I continue repeat on this distribution represents the long tail, which carries a richer mix, because it's low volume, compared to more of your direct customers, which tend to be higher volumes and a bit lower margin. There's really no difference between segment mix. We really looked at product mix, because all the segments are very close to the corporate average. That's what we drive. So we feel very comfortable where we are with these utilization rates to focus on our free cash flow and bring in slight little of that back in balance. Again, we're holding 25 days of that distribution inventory and then maybe we'll get another five or 10 days internally to get that back into balance, and we feel very comfortable to support the growth of our long-term business. But I would say we have quite a number of tailwinds and headwinds that can offset each other.
