Rick Clemmer: So to be clear John, it was up. I think it was $34 million. So it was up in terms of dollar level, but it was still at 2.5 months of inventory. So we’ve still continued to be around that level. To be clear, as we go forward, we’re not planning on it changing significantly, but we want to be opportunistic. There is a lot of interesting things developing in the channel market with one of our competitors and we want to be sure that we’re playing that opportunistically to have an impact from a top-line revenue growth basis.
Rick Clemmer: And maybe just one thing I'd like to point out, John. We talked about that our Q4 outlook includes $12 of intellectual property revenue. And there could be an impact from decision that we announced this morning associated with that. So, we want to be clear. That's included in our guidance, and we'll have to be sure that we fully understand that as we better understand the implications of the announcement today.
Rick Clemmer: I think, Ross, it's really important to realize that the pre-rumour price, this represents 34% premium. So for a transaction of this size, it's a pretty sizeable premium. That being said, as we looked at the opportunity that we have on connected devices, we've been talking about this. Ultimately we needed to have a better connectivity portfolio to be able to drive the leadership that we wanted to be able to achieve. Specifically, and autonomous driving it, it's become more obvious to curtain over the last few quarters that we needed increased computing horsepower to be able to do machine learning, and really be able to take advantage of the complete ad hoc solution as opposed to the areas where we had clearly identified the leadership that can drive. So, we think that's very complementary. Although, we have good connectivity platform for our current portfolio as we look out over the next few years. We’ve clearly had to expand our connectivity capability to be in the leadership position we wanted to on the Internet of Things. And as we focus on secure connections for the smarter world. The combination of this brings together pretty nicely, our Board went through this and approved this based on their view associated with the price. I think the other thing that we shouldn't lose sight of is there's a lot of broker lap between the shareholders of both company. And there's clearly an opportunity for both shareholders that view the value creation opportunity as significant as we do for them to participate in that by actually buying Qualcomm shares.
Rick Clemmer: I think the only thing that we could add is when you look at our outlook for Q4, the guidance that we set, that we talked about 2016 will be a transition for us. And Q4 not being down as you would typically be on a seasonal basis. It’s actually a little better than the environment. So, I think it actually portray an leading indicator relative to it. But as Dan said, we really only guiding. We’ve only established that on a three-years compounded growth rate, but it’s just not in the individual units period.
Rick Clemmer: Will, it’s broad based. So I think the key is it’s not V2X. V2X is not a significant revenue contributor in Q4 this year. There is some shipments taking place obviously on the design win that we’ve talked about. But as far as being a significant contributor into revenue, it’s not in V2X. It's pretty broad based, but really focused on MCUs, and beginning to ramp some of the design wins that had been achieved over the last few years as those begin to be realized and shipped into the customer.
Rick Clemmer: So, Stacy I think it's -- obviously, any value is what you negotiate between two parties. And we can't lose sight of the fact that it was a 34% premium to the pre-disclosure, pre-rumour period. And when you think about a transaction of this magnitude, a 34% premium is at least as we've been advised pushing the limit associated with it. I think if we think about the future, the value of bringing the two companies together and bringing the most compelling platform in the industry going forward, it's just too significant of an opportunity to forgo. And so we think that we've gone through this with our Board and our Board feels like that this is a fair price, and a price that's reasonable for our shareholders. And our shareholders frankly have the ability that if they see the opportunity as you do or it sounds like you do and we do, they can participate by buying Qualcomm shares associated with it. So, we think it does represent a fair value. Clearly, being at the 34% premium to the pre-rumour price is a significant factor associated with it. And Peter Kelly -- Stacy, Peter has joined us too here.
Rick Clemmer: So, Stacy I think the key is we're comfortable with the performance we've laid out. We're very comfortable with the portfolio we have. The opportunity to have a more complete ubiquitous platform to be able to address the market opportunities we see, we just thought it was too significant an opportunity for go. We think that it's extremely compelling. We think that our shareholders have the ability to achieve a reasonable value out of this transaction. And again if they believe as strongly as we do in the opportunity they can participate in it through Qualcomm shares. And there's a significant cross-holding between the two companies in any case, Stacy. So, this has nothing to do with us. Not believing in what we've laid out. We still feel very comfortable associated with that. If you look at what we've traded over the last couple of years, we typically have traded at a discount to our peers associated with the industry. And so for us to be able to achieve this with very significant premium for a very large deal is something that we feel like is really as good result and one that we’re very pleased with.
Rick Clemmer: That’s a really good question. I think that we shouldn’t lose sight of that that business is really the technology that gives us the ability to provide security on a broad base set of solutions. Now, in addition to that, obviously, we have product shipments that take place associated with it. And clearly, we’ve had the benefit of the stocking of the contact with bank cards in China, which we were kind of that they end up. Now, it’s going to be more of a replenishment cycle associate with it, which is not going to offer the same kind of volumes that we’ve had in the past. And with some of the competitive practices and activities, we see associated with contacts base, we’re actually being very selective in our participation associate with it. And that’s the reason why that business is not performing as we would have liked for it to several years ago. We’re down to a point where we think it's going kind of be stable. But we’ve been at this point in the past. But we did talk about the fact that there is seasonality to that business which is typically down in Q1. So even if we’re at this bottom, we could be that in any individual quarter, they could go below that. But we think we’re at that run-rate. And actually, as a percentage of the total volume, now the trends are ticketing, as well as the e-gab side becomes the larger share of the total. And we do see a number of design-wins there. As we’ve talked about in the past, that tends to be fairly lumpy. And so it’s not really a nice move to progression associated with it. But we do feel good about the business. And again, the key is trying to drive the security technology on a broad base across many applications for the total Company, especially when you begin to think about it on a combined basis.
Rick Clemmer: Well, everyone, thank you very much for attending our call today. We realized it was abbreviated call. But given the announcement first thing this morning, we want to let you guys get back to our new notes and things. We really appreciate all your support. And with that, we'd like to end the call today. Thank you very much.
Daniel Durn: So, John, a couple of things. First, the guidance we gave just provide clarity, post the divestiture, how the Company will profile. It’s very consistent with what we said at the Analyst Day, and very consistent with what was said at the time we announced the divestiture of Standard Products. Exiting the year, on a run-rate, we’ll be close the low-end of our margin guidelines. It will not be a full-year 2017 number. In terms of pre-close synergy capture opportunities, we have to absolutely clear on this. While we can plan for integration as a Company and strong execution post close is a function of really stay on granular detailed bottoms-up planning. It is just that planning. So there will be no change to the decisions we or Qualcomm made as independent company in the deal pendency period. And we will continue to execute against the plan we just communicated. Post close of the Qualcomm transaction. That is when you'll start to see decision makings reflecting the combination of the two entities, and economic impact associated with it.
Daniel Durn: My answer will probably leave you a little unsatisfied. The revenue CAGR we gave you is exactly that a CAGR over a three year widow. I think we have a portfolio of businesses. And like you point you and like Rick said in his comments, we’ve got some businesses that are performing really-really well. We've got some businesses that are performing in line. And then we’ve got a couple of businesses that are living in a difficult neighborhood right now. And so rather than getting to an extra size with guides, one year out, what we want to do is just stick to the three year CAGR. We understand than markets we participate in. You understand the core franchises we have, the leaderships positions we have, within those respective end markets and the performance profile of those businesses. And that should give me a pretty good idea of how profile next year. But we won’t get into the extra size of guiding the year out.
Daniel Durn: I think I will use the goal post. Where we’re today and where we will exit 2017. And at the time of the announcement, we’ve talked about this being synergy capture window. And I think with those goal post in place and the trajectory implied by those goal posts, I think that you can pretty quickly come up to what that is, rather than go out with a specific number, I think the goal post gets you where you need to be.
Peter Kelly: Stacy, I just want to say I guess one thing. I mean, overall, I do thing this is a terrific deal. You're right in pointing out that Qualcomm shareholders are very pleased. As Rick said, the improvements in our stock price versus and unaffected price is very-very substantial. And I'm not at kind of cope or finance expert, but I think our stock will trade more on discounts to close than anything else in the coming months. But I do think this is a terrific deal.
Peter Kelly: And as Rick said, this is about creating a powerhouse. This is just a fantastic opportunity. So just create a powerhouse company.
Peter Kelly: So the data points that support that revenue, which continues to be hard to predict, based on the supply chain that’s not easy to call. I think it's -- when you think about the fundamental assumptions, I think, we’re going to continue to see an expansion of data over wireless network. So, you should see fundamentally the ability for base stations to grow. But it's virtually impossible for us to project when that will take place. We continue to be leader in that space, so that’s very positive opportunity for us. It’s a profitable business. As we see the industry moving to more content associated with across the wireless networks, we do think there is some opportunities for the early implementation of 5G, our massive MIMO. They could play a role in increases in revenue in the upcoming quarters. But it's certainly not going to be a factor in the next few quarters. So, we expect that business to continually really hard to predict, but very nice profitability and one that we continue to be a leader in.
