Kurt Sievers: Yes, many thanks, C.J. Yes, absolutely. So, we do see us just being at the beginning of a longer term growth cycle. And I think, in that respect, I also tried to clarify that we do see the second half of the year growing again over the first half of this year. What has changed over the last three months is that the demand environment has, not only continued to be strong, but I would say we started to understand better and better some of the sustainable drivers of the demand environment. Now, with us being 50% exposed to the automotive end market, this is clearly one place where we do understand now how content increases are contributing significantly to this very, very robust demand environment where we absolutely see no reason why that should ease off or should go away. So, what I tried to say here is that our understanding of the demand environment has become better and deeper and with that, we better believe in it. Also, totally ruling out double ordering and any of these possible fears of piling inventories at any place. So, in our key segments and I can say that very explicitly for automotive, for industrial, but also for mobile, we do know and we do see that what we ship out is immediately being built into product and no inventory is being built in any place.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, thanks Ross. It is actually not that much all of a sudden as you would portray it, because we’ve seen this already building through the last year. But obviously, it's been all snowed under by the shutdowns, especially in the first half in the factories.  But if you think about content increases and that's why I made the comparison to 2019, which was more of a normal year, if you will then actually, over that period of time, it doesn't look that crazy at all. So that's one statement. But there is 2 more -- so it's not all of a sudden, but it's really been gradually building already over the period of the last 4 to 6 quarters, but very much disrupted by the by COVID. Now there is two more things which are really important here. The one is, yes, I do believe that especially the electric vehicle production rates are increasing faster than anticipated, which I believe makes it a content richer story than probably the initial forecast would have suggested. So the penetration of electric drivetrains is going faster, especially now, this year, than it was forecasted. Thirdly, and I think actually most importantly, we are now bearing fruit from all of the design wins in the focus areas we've been working on so hard over the past years. So what I'm saying is Ross, that some of this is clearly company specific. If I look at our growth rates in our focused businesses like radar, ADAS, battery management, the digital clusters, then it becomes very obvious that those are really pulling ahead the growth. So there is an underlying stronger momentum on content gains but I think a good part of this is also company-specific, meaning share gains for NXP.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, that's a great question. Let me answer to both elements, Vivek. Let me take the latter one, the difficult one first. So, yes, we indeed stayed at the record low 1.6 months in the first quarter just like we did in Q4. And yes, I mean, if you would just do some chainsaw math, this -- just bringing that back to a more normal level of 2.4 months, which we've historically had, is probably like $400 million. But no, I don't anticipate this -- that we reached that level anytime this year. I just think the sell-through is so strong that we don't get it up from a supply perspective back to that level. And that also gives you an indication for the very strong pull here, which is really a -- which is sell-through. I mean, if we ship more into distribution now, inventory wouldn't go up, but it would be actually selling through right away. On the automotive side, yes, that's -- I think this is indeed a significant discussion, but also exploration, which we are having across the industry. First of all, I'd say most of our products, if not all in automotive, are non-commodity product. So, it is indeed a matter of fact that demand, it just doesn't go away. I mean, if anything, then it's shifted because possibly a car here or there cannot be built and with that, it moves then into the next quarter or eventually into next year, as you say. At the same time, we are working very, very diligently, both with our customers, which is the Tier 1s, but also directly with the car companies on very prudently understanding the future demand patterns. I think one of the biggest learnings out of this current situation is to build much more transparency about the content increases, which are often application and module-specific, and how they map out over not just the next two quarters, which is far too short for us, knowing that we have a manufacturing cycle time of one to two quarters, but actually more over the next eight to 16 quarters in order to understand how that's going to map out. So, that work is underway and I can certainly say we do this with all of the top 10 car OEMs in the world. At the same time, we also work, of course, very hard with our suppliers, with our mainly wafer suppliers, but also back-end extensions, as Peter has mentioned, in order to quickly ramp up our supply capability at the same time. And I mean part of this is the reason why I said earlier that already, in the second half of this year, we will ship at higher revenue levels than we are doing in the first half. So, some of that demand obviously, it doesn't have to move into next year, but we are satisfying it already in the second half of this year. But yes, it's a long term -- it's really a long-term story. A lot of learning out of this situation. But at the bottom of it and I think that's most important, a more and more diligent understanding of a very robust demand environment.
Kurt Sievers: It's really the direct customer exposure, which we have there. You would probably say, yes, but how can you have that through distribution? I mean, in mobile, you know that the number of mobile end customers isn't that big. So I mean, there is a very direct and very specific contact. So we exactly know how much they need our product because they would love to have more, I can tell you.  I mean, this is a direct chain. In the industrial space, it is arguably a much larger customer base, which is behind distribution. But also there, there are some big customers who are in very direct and very frequent contact also with me personally, and I know about their demand and build situation. So it's really based on a very personal exposure, I would almost say, what gives me and the team, it's not just about me, but all of our leaders here in NXP, that direct exposure to know that the product is directly fleshing through.
Kurt Sievers: That's actually hard to say. What I was saying is indeed that we will have at least 20%. If you look at the guidance in the Q1 results, you will find it's at least 20% growth over the first half of '19. But if you think about the content, be sure to include that this is 2 years of content increase. I mean, last year, clearly, the car production was very much down, but that doesn't mean that the content was coming to a stop because the content was driven by models which were to be introduced anyway, maybe at lower build rates. So if you compare the '19 to '21, it is 2 years stack of up from a content increase perspective. And I'd say, a 10% content increase per year is maybe realistic before price adjustments and that gives you already a 20% -- a 20% difference over those 2 years.
Kurt Sievers: I would certainly say that because the car production itself is down by 10%, if I believe IHS and if you look at the Q1 numbers, then the build rates in the first half of this year are probably almost 10% lower than they were in the first half of 2019. So it must be content and share gains.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So let me speak about – let me take the revenue side first, John. So first of all, I really have to say clearly, that was an extremely unfortunate and unexpected event, both for NXP, of course, in the first place, but in consequence also for our customers because the supply interruption as a consequence of this, in that current environment is clearly not something anybody would have wished to have. Now to frame it, all of this did happen on February 15, so mid of February. I think we released our press release on March 11, that we had resumed initial operations. And I can tell you that about eight to nine weeks after the fact or after Feb. 15, we have been fully up and running in both facilities again. So by now, both factories are 100% running again at the pre-storm – pre-winter storm levels, which is great moves and the great achievements in a very, very challenging and difficult situation. Yes, we had talked about $100 million impact on the revenues in Q2. I would still say, John, we – this is the impact which we have on Q2. Now you see that we guided sequentially flat. So obviously, we found other ways and means in other areas, with other products, to make up for that loss from the factory shutdown. Furthermore, we had a tiny little bit of impact already at the very end of the first quarter in automotive. I said this earlier, that a little bit, it's really more like maybe in the $10 million range was already impacting the very end of Q1 from a shipment perspective in automotive. I would further say that we are absolutely confident that the $100 million will be made up in the second half of the year. So again, why we made it up in the second – why we will make it up in the second quarter with other products, we will make up those $100 million which we lost in the first phase in the second half of the year because the factories are running again and we'll be shipping full out. Now Peter, maybe you pick up the part of the question, which was related to the cost impact.
Kurt Sievers: Well, John, as you rightfully said, I mean, we're going to update that model with our next Capital Markets Day. So, at this point, we cannot and will not give a new long-term guidance. And the only one which we have out is the 5% to 7%. However, I clearly said earlier that some of the content drivers are in good shape, certainly in automotive, with the stronger rate of electric vehicles with some of the trends which we have in mobile. We spoke a lot about ultra-wideband kicking in earlier. Things seem to look robust. But let's also not forget, John, that if you think about 2018, 2019, 2020, all three years were really not great years from a market perspective. So, it's always a bit tempting to take just two years, which looked in very good. So, we will have to look at this from a more longer term perspective again. But clearly, I do agree with you what matters for NXP should be increasingly the company-specific drivers from those focus areas where our really strong portfolio, which we've been building over years with organically and inorganically, which is now playing out very nicely.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Will, I would actually say it's quite broad. So, because it is in technology or capacity buckets, which also, in some cases, touch several markets. So, no, we couldn't say it's specific to automotive or specific to distribution end markets. I would just say that certainly, automotive is for maybe good reasons, catching a lot of headlines given the big impact it has on -- from a value leverage to complete cars, which might be impacted. But I said earlier that in large industrial applications, there is also shortages across the industry. So, no, it is not something which is sharply only in automotive or only in distribution markets.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Will, it's really 3 elements. The first one you mentioned, of course, we have the $100 million catch-up from the factory closures, which we had also front-end and back-end capacity. On the front-end side, our foundry partners and I mean, they've been quite loud about this publicly, that they are increasing either allocations for fundamental capacity and yields, which also benefits NXP. So we are seeing increases here from a foundry supply perspective to NXP. And at the same time also within NXP, and Peter talked about the 7% CapEx this year on increased revenue levels, we are expanding our back-end capacity as hard as we can. I mean, whatever we can do in the short time is being done. And these moves, so the $100 million from the closed factories, the better wafer supply from external foundries and the higher throughput through our own back-end and assembly is all helping to increase the Q3 and Q4 revenue levels.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So first on the $100 million, Blayne. So we will not decompose it here. The auto impact was earliest because the supply chain was just totally dry already before – while it happened. I mean, that's more a timing reasoning why that hit auto first. There is one other area, which is also being hit by this which is the -- our comms infra business. And that's also the reason why our, and you saw this in the guidance, our Q2 then becomes infra growth is sequentially down. That is just the direct impact from their dependence on these Austin factories. So that's a temporary thing, which we'll leave behind us after Q2. Talking about the auto OEMs, I really can't answer that question, Blayne, because we still don't have that long-term transparency I talked about earlier on the demand side. I can absolutely tell you that the supply is increasing. It does increase already in the second quarter, but it also increases further in the third and fourth quarter. But it's always a function of what does the demand do at the same time. So I would carefully say, I don't think it is completely easing off this year. And it will still continue somewhat into next year. How long? I don't know. But I don't see this being totally eased off by the end of this year.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks much, Jeff. So thank you all for being on the call today. So I trust we could paint a clear perspective on how we see this very continued and very rapid rebound in demand across all of our end markets. We are glad that we brought our Austin factories back online and are now with full capacity again, shipping. We wanted to make sure you hear us loud and clear that half two revenue is going to be above half one. And this is not just a factor of the $100 million catch-up from the closed factories. Actually, that's the smallest part in this. And we are very confident that we can continue to drive consistent growth with improved profitability levels and with that, enhance our free cash flow going forward. I thank you very much for your attention and speak to you next time. Thank you.
Peter Kelly: No, I wasn't thinking it that way. In 2019 and 2020, we were continually struggling on utilization. We were trying to use that kind of rule of thumb to explain what might happen as we go to full utilization. The good news now is we always said that around about 2.4, we could run 55%. So, we're a little bit above that 2.5 at 55.5%. We're pretty much now internally kind of at the high end of our utilization. So, I feel pretty good about the gross margin numbers where we are. But you'll see in our CapEx number, and for the full year, we'll probably do about 7% CapEx this year. We need to start adding -- or not we need, we are adding capacity, particularly in the back ends to cope with the additional revenue we're seeing. And also, over the last year or two, we've seen the amount of product we buy externally move up from the kind of low 50s to the high 50s percent. So, I think from a gross margin perspective, I'd say, clearly, the challenge, at the moment, is to demonstrate that we can consistently run at 55%, which we feel very, very comfortable about. And then over the next few years the things that will move us up to 57% and not so much revenue, they're more about the new product introductions and improving the cost performance of our products.
Peter Kelly: Yes. So in the first quarter, the biggest move Ross, was mix. We shipped proportionately less auto and more coming for an IoT. And to be honest, $10 million gives you 40 or 50 basis points of margin. So we're not talking about huge numbers. And as we go in from Q1 to Q2, it's really all about utilization. So we're not only able to run; obviously, not Austin, but our other fabs full out. But also, we're getting really great utilization now in our back ends. So there's always a few small things moving in different directions. But I think Q1, it was about utilization that helped us beat – sorry, Q1 was about mix, which helped us beat the guidance. But Q1 to Q2 is really about utilization and that's – now that we've been able to optimize is maybe the wrong word, but certainly utilize things a lot better, that's what gives me confidence on our gross margin going forward, really.
Peter Kelly: In terms of pricing, it's having no impact whatsoever, Vivek. We said on our last call that although some suppliers were being very tactical and trying to take advantage of the situation, that was not our strategy. We said we would definitely pass on any cost increases that we have, and we're able to do that. But we have no intention of trying to improve our profitability through gouging our customers. And there's certainly no impact of anything even remotely like that in Q1 or Q2. In terms of the second half, as I said before to Ross, gross margin from here is not really driven by additional revenue. Yes, could there be some small impacts here? Sure. I think I'd say two things. One is I have a strong confidence that the level of – the level of gross margin we are at the moment. So I think that's a good thing. And I think as we go forward, our focus has to be on how we bring out our new products and new versions of our existing products to improve our profitability. But I think after all of the debate over the past few years on whether we can really run at 55%, I think that's most definitely behind us.
Peter Kelly: Yes. So the good news, John, is our ops team had started closing down the factories before the Texas authorities just with almost no notice of the power. So we didn’t have any fundamental damage to the factory. So obviously, various water pipes and that kind of thing with the cold. We have insurance to essentially cover everything. So the only real impact to our cost was the deductible, which is millions of dollars rather than tens of millions of dollars. So from a cost perspective, it hasn't really have any measurable impact.
