Jeff Palmer: Thank you, Amanda, and good morning everyone. Welcome to the NXP Semiconductors fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. With me on the call today is Rick Clemmer, NXP's CEO; Kurt Sievers, NXP's President; and Peter Kelly, our CFO. If you've not obtained a copy of our earnings press release, it can be found at our company Web site under the Investor Relations section at nxp.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from our corporate Web site. On our call today, we will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause NXP's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the macroeconomic impact on the specific end markets in which we operate, the sale of new and existing products, and our expectations for financial results for the first quarter of 2019. Please be reminded that NXP undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. For a full disclosure on our forward-looking statements, please refer to our press release. Additionally, during our call today, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the impact of purchase price accounting, restructuring, stock-based compensation, impairment, merger-related costs, and other charges that are driven primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to NXP's underlying core operating performance. Pursuant to Regulation G, NXP has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our fourth quarter earnings press release, which will be furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K and be available on NXP's Web site in the Investor Relations section. Before we begin the call today, I would like to remind you that beginning January 1st we have shifted our revenue reporting to an end market view from an operating segment approach. We believe this change over time will enhance the insight into the drivers of our business relative to the markets in which we operate. The current and historical end market information is available from our Investor Relations Web site in the historical financial model, which we post every quarter. And now I would like to turn the call over to Rick.
Jeff Palmer: Thanks. Will, sorry. Just before the next question. I need to correct something. Stacy, I have $10 million shares capacity left not $15 million, so I could only buyback for some $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion before I have to go back to the shareholders. But again, I don't think that's an issue and it's an easy thing to do. Should we need it? Operator, we will take the next question.
Jeff Palmer: Hey, Vivek, this is Jeff. I'd just like to also clarify I looked at the wrong number. Our ship two for China is high 30% range, apologies.
Jeff Palmer: Great. Thank you very much, everyone. Before we go, I think, I'll pass the call over to Rick, if he has any last comments he'd like to make.
Rick Clemmer: Well, I think, John, as we've talked about, if you look at our automotive business, the bulk of that that's outside of China is actually on a vendor-managed inventory, so we actually only ship it to the customer when they're actually using it in production. In the case of China, it's not quite as refined yet, so most of the shipments we have for the automotive market in China do go through our distribution partners. As we talked about, our total distribution inventory is at 2.4 months, and our target is to maintain that at around two-and-a-half months plus or minus a half. So, clearly the guidance we have would be dependent upon our anticipation of what we believe the POS to be for Q1 with the reduced inventories that would go associate with that. I think we're in a very unusual environment where the U.S. is okay. Europe is basically okay, maybe not quite as robust as it was in Q3, but China is just kind of locked down, it's in a quagmire. Our distribution partners' customers are not placing orders and not taking inventory because of their uncertainty about what's going to happen in the trade war. And so long as we see this uncertainty on the trade war there'll continue to be reluctance by them to place orders and take inventory. Now, if you believe that the full-year's GDP growth is going to be 3% or just under, then clearly that can't continue. So, if that's the case then we'll see a significant rebound in the second-half of the year. And as we said, our orders right now would indicate that Q2 will be higher than Q1. So, I would say that we see an improved environment, but we're still going through the shipments in Q1, and we'll have the distribution inventory reduced associated with those reduced shipments in Q1.
Rick Clemmer: Well, I think the company-specific -- I'll let Kurt comment on it in just a second, but I think we believe that on the ADAS, specifically in radar, that will continue to ramp through the year. But Q1, we've been shipping, it's just under 10% of automotive revenue for full-year '18, and so we'll continue to see that more robust than the rest of the automotive market. And that will continue to ramp through the year, specifically in automotive.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, so thanks, Will so, I think 5G is still pretty fluid right now. I think one of the major U.S. carriers actually announced that they were going to delay some of their deployment on the CPE with the last mile because they didn't believe the architecture was ready for primetime. A little bit like we talked about on our last earnings call. So I think we kind of confirmed our view associated with that. We anticipate that, there's not really going the 5G availability of a reasonable cost architecture that's not driven by FPGA until late in '19. So we would not see a huge ramp of that, CPE or last mile for 5G until late '19. I think in the meantime, in preparation for 5G mobility. The infrastructure investments are ongoing and we see a very solid demand, a very solid increasing demand that frankly we're struggling a little bit to get in position to be able to fulfill all the requirements, so it is kind of a tale of two pieces when you look at the infrastructure side we do see that really beginning to ramp now but when we see the deployment of more for the last mile we think that that'll be later in the year before really the architecture will be cost-effective to be able to support a significant ramp.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, that's what we see today is we see for the infrastructure deployment massive MIMO as well as the deployment for the base stations to get prepared for the 5G rollout actually beginning to be receive orders for today.
Rick Clemmer: So I guess that relative to China I think, China represents a significant portion of our business if you look at what we see, we see that end market China from the distribution view point for the industrial side is kind of continuing to be somewhat on hold or gray area. I think what we talked about that gives us the confidence for Q2 is the order right that we see for the last few weeks coming in actually really gives us the confidence the Q2 will be in access or larger than Q1. I do think that China is somewhat the contributor, but I think obviously there was a hardship to hard reset by a number of our customers specifically in automotive but also with our industrial novelty customers in China. As we see that taking place so long as the world's GDP continues to be relatively healthy. Then I think we're very confident we'll work our way out of that, but the increased orders that we've seen over the last few weeks really give that ability to have the confidence to be able to say that on this call, and then relative to the second-half the year. It all gets down to what your belief is on the world's GDP. As long as you believe it's going to be close to 3%, then we clearly believe that on the second-half of 2019 will be better than the first-half.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, it works both ways actually. It even some of the ship to in Europe and the U.S. ends up in the end market of China. So we don't have a 100% traceability which shipments are really down to the market itself in China. Both outside of China shipments could end up in China, some of that into China shipments could be tied to end market outside of China. So that's why it's really a bit hard to say what exactly that exposure is. Jeff, was our -- do you have our 2018 shipping number? Is it 20…
Rick Clemmer: Well, clearly Ross, when we talk about the marketing channel in the industrial, a significant chunk of that is somewhere around 3/4s or 80% of that is served through the distribution channel and that's really the area of significant weakness that we see combined with automotive. So in the case of automotive, it's probably somewhere between a fourth and a third of our total business goes through the channel primarily for shipments into China. The rest of it is pulled from vendor managed inventory. We have seen declines, we talked about it in Q4, I mean in our Q4 call for Q3 results that we had seen a decline in auto production in Europe for the CO2 testing and we see that continued through Q1. So there continues to be a impact of that and then you know there's also the uncertainty of Brexit and the auto industry has a lot of parts moving from Europe to the U.K. and vice versa, and so that's created some concern with the lack of clarification of what's going to happen on Brexit as well, but I do think really the key areas that we see the weakness is really China.
Rick Clemmer: It's important to say, Ross, we are definitely taking actions in the near-term to significantly control our cost. We're adjusting people levels relative to that. As Peter said, we're not really stopping any programs but we clearly are not replacing attrition and in some cases…
Rick Clemmer: Yes sure on the 32-bit ARM we don't talk about the specific associated with it, but it's the biggest chunk of our industrial and IoT business. And so that really gives us the benefits of looking at that from a growth. The one area that we're seeing really strong design wins on is our new crossover product that we announced really about a year ago the so called RT Family, which takes the processing capability of our i.MX family down to a cost of micros on specific applications like visual or error detection, our audio. So that's really a significant factor for us in driving that growth and we continue to see that accelerate with design win. So that puts us in a really unique and positive position for the 2019 outlook and we're kind of uniquely positioned where there's not a lot of competition in that space, most of our competitors in i.MX don't participate in micros and vice versa the same thing with the macros. So we're kind of in the sweet spot where it gives us the ability to really drive that participate in it. On the digital networking business that business is kind of stabilized, it's declined through 2018 and kind of stabilized just over $100 million a quarter or so. There was some opportunities for growth with design wins we won over last year so as we see those finally begin to ramp and the PowerPC legacy business not continuing to decline as much as it has in the past. So I think we've got more of a stable level there and with some of the applications that we see there are some opportunities for growth later in the year in 2020 that we'll see how they materialize.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, let me take the RF business personal, and let Kurt comment on automotive. So RF we are seeing demand ramp for the massive MIMO and 5G infrastructure and we're frankly struggling here on near-term basis and being able to meet all the requirements from our customers. So we are seeing a ramp and that's being a significant contributor, positive contributor versus overall environmental issues that we see in the other businesses. So we think we're in a unique position with our massive MIMO product and have done really very positive feedback from customers and our requirement to be able to actually see we can build more for them then what they had originally anticipated as we are going to the near-term. And let me let Kurt then talk about auto.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, Blayne, it's probably worthwhile to talk about -- in the case of automotive, you know, in our last quarter's call we talked about in Q3, we'd really seen weakness in the CO2 testing in Europe, and we actually didn't see a lot of weakness in China in automotive at that time. It was really not until kind of mid to late Q4 where we began to see some weakness in the automotive market in China as all of that basically served through the distribution channel partner. So we saw that weakness really began to materialize at that point…
Rick Clemmer: No, there was none of that. It felt like it was full in, with the Chinese new year tariffs. Once again, the U.S. is okay. We really don't see a lot of concern about demand from our customers in the U.S. The general economy even though it's down somewhat is still performing quite well. In Europe, I would say we see things pretty reasonable, but we do see isolated pockets, again, driven primarily by automotive. And we believe the biggest chunk of that is CO2 testing and we'll see how the demand comes out after we get work through that, you know.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, it really depends on the product family and so it has different characteristics based on the customer and product family and everything. So it's really hard to draw any conclusion but I wouldn't say that the pricing environment is problematic, it's very healthy right now.
Rick Clemmer: Yes, thank you for joining us. I guess the thing that we have to point it out is that we remain in somewhat of a cloudy environment. But the encouraging sign that we see with increased orders over the last few weeks really improves our confidence for the Q2 outlook and that being larger than Q1 and again, then for the second-half of the year, it comes down to your belief on the GDP and whether the trade issues will be resolved, so that we will return to a healthy growth around -- just under 3% as most of the economist are projecting or not, but with that, I think it's important to point out that we are taking the appropriate cost actions to be sure that our costs are under control. And we can deliver on our financial performance to ensure that we continue to focus on improved shareholder value as we go forward. So thank you very much for your support. We appreciate it.
Peter Kelly: And on our internal inventory, John, I think I said last time, I want to get it down to 95 days. And we're putting a lot of pressure on the organization to do that. Clearly Q1 is a difficult quarter to do because it tends to be a low quarter, but I have a lot of confidence we'll get there. we're certainly not going to allow our inventory to grow on a dollar basis.
Peter Kelly: Yes, sure, Stacy. I obviously anticipated that we'd get a lot of questions around this. I think if you go from Q4 '18 to Q4 '19, so flat revenue. To get from 53.1% to 55% there's several things. First of all, we have our annual price reductions, so that gives us about an 80 basis point headwind. Mix has a little bit of a benefit in what we're planning right now, probably about 60 basis points. Operationally, I've got about 200 basis points of performance locked in to get to the 55%, so that's about 130 basis points in input pricing which we've got identified, and about 60 basis points in factory efficiency which we've got identified. Now, to be honest, on that last one in particular, the factory efficiencies, I'd like to see that improve actually. But I said it last time, I don't think we need a volume or a revenue increase off of Q4 '18 to get to 55%. And I think we've got it pretty well identified right now. And if I can do better I'll do better, but there's always things that have the potential to offset some of the other potential goodies we could see. And I'm feeling pretty comfortable about it still.
Peter Kelly: Well, I can still -- yes, there's a kind of technical thing in the Netherlands where basically you get an authorization to buyback up to 20% of your stock. And typically people don't buy back 20% of their stock. But we're getting close to it. The reason we've not asked for that meeting yet is I can still buyback about -- I think it's about 14 million shares, which is at least, well, one of our current prices $1.5 billion or so. So as soon as I use all that, I'll go and request a meeting, but either way, our next annual general meeting is on the record probably currently is in May or June, and we've got it topped up to 20% of that. But if the simple answer is, I have the capacity to still buy an additional $1.5 billion, so I don't need the approval right now.
Peter Kelly: Yes, we said we would return and we said this for many years all excess cash to shareholders. So we do the math obviously, yes, we now include our dividend and but yes roughly that number.
Peter Kelly: I think that our exposure to China is complicating things slightly in the sense and we know what we shipping and the supply chain in China is certainly more opaque than the what you seen in western Europe or the US. So it feels to us like, we do get moved about in terms of what's going on in the supply chain over there, but once we shipped in you don't know where it comes out, we [indiscernible] some of it will be for domestic, some of it global or industrial products we assembled into devices like it shipped all over the world.
Peter Kelly: Yes, and I think Ross, your question was indeed then for China disty versus direct, clearly that weakness in China expresses itself in the distribution channel for us and that's both for industrial as well as automotive.
Peter Kelly: Well, you can see our Q4 actuals are Q1 guide. We're definitely keeping a lid on things at the moment. So we're not taking out any programs, we're managing travel, not replacing all attrition straight away, trying to push out various expenses. So little bit kind of things you normally do. On a more long-term basis so into 2019 and 2020, I go back to our percent of revenue, so we want to run R&D about 16% of revenue, we'd like to run SG&A 7.5% and so going forward we see over the next 3 years R&D round about 16% and ultimately getting SG&A down to about 7%.
Peter Kelly: Performance improvement, so we work to actually use this to move low performers eventually out of the company to strengthen the organization. So all of that has the cost levels -- I think you've seen historically from us and I think it was a clear indication in Q3, Q4 and Q1 that we will manage our OpEx and we know how to do that.
Peter Kelly: Some of the Brexit, and then the effects associated with Brexit that we talked about. So in the case of China, that's much more cloudy, much more murky as far as determining what's happening in the [indiscernible] year. I think it does depend on some kind of resolution or confidence in what's going to happen out of the current trade issues that are being discussed. So if you believe that the trade issues were going to continue, you know, then the world's GDP is not going to be close to 3% for the year. And then that's a different factor. But so long as you believe that the world's GDP is going to be just under 3%, so there probably has to be a trade resolution with China to be able to accomplish that. And with that then we think we'll see a very strong growth in the second-half of the year.
Peter Kelly: Right, so you are talking about the taxes for the businesses that we sold off, and also the tax on the Qualcomm transaction. You actually have to look at the Q4 Excel. So we were saying previously that we'd spend $295 million in Q4 and we only spent $32 million because we went into quite a long-winded negotiation with the Dutch tax authorities and were able to negotiate that particular transaction, the Qualcomm deal went through the innovation box. So we managed to reduce that a little bit, I guess because of the time, we want to go to and it slipped from Q4 into Q1. So the big move is really just the fact that we move the payment on the Qualcomm breakup fee from the end of December to early January. I think, if you actually do the math on Q4 actual and what we've guided for 2019 and '20. The amount is actually lower and it's a very specific cash flow item. So that's why we pulled that one out separately.
Peter Kelly: Hi, so first thing, it goes through the cash flow, not through the P&L and if you look on table three. You can see an item their cash paid on behalf of shareholders for tax on repurchase shares $142 million, right at the bottom of the cash flow. So, that's pretty specific. And then, the other thing just say on the comments I made on gross margin on pricing, that's, just our annual price reductions. It's not related to kind of anything that's going on in the market.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Rick, so I -- absolutely, it's on the -- as we had this cost earlier the ADAS being now just below 10% of the total order revenue is a strong content story. And the current environment, we don't see that disturbing that trend. So we clearly see that the, say, 25% to 30% growth rate of that part of the business is fully intact also in the current environment. While other parts of the business, obviously, are much closer tied to the SAAR, which is then more suffering from the Q1 environment. Another one which we, and Rick was speaking about it earlier, which does clearly outgrow from a content perspective is our i.MX applications process of business which goes into the digital clusters. So there is a continued strong trend of adoption of digital-to-cluster solutions, where we have a very strong leading solution with our i.MX applications processes. So, those two, I would say clearly are content driven, also through a weaker market environment.
Kurt Sievers: So let me, this is Kurt, let me let me try and capture the pieces of your question. So firstly on the environment for 2019, we do see external sources forecasting somewhere between plus 1% and minus 1%. So a big data point, which particularly look at this actually HIS which talks about plus 1% SAAR rose for a 2019 but also some people are more negative like minus 1%. So we think it's going to be somewhere in that range. 2018 however was actually a negative SAAR reported at minus 2%. So in that environment we did grow 6% as you said so, obviously the content grow story did play out the way we were speaking about it earlier. And in that regard, yes, we do think that also for 2019 that theme is intact, I talked earlier about ADAS as a large contributor being pretty independent of the SAAR but also the ideal mix cluster applications helping in that respect. So in a SAAR environment which is maybe around the zero unit growth in '19, we do think indeed that our content growth story does help us to outgrow the SAAR continuously.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, I think in auto it's really differentiated between what is the content growth story versus what is very tightly associated to the SAAR growth. So those product or application segments where we are holding a high share but the penetration itself isn't growing anymore, we are obviously more swinging with the SAAR quarter by quarter. So you could call this especially with the China environment and the WLTP in Europe a headwind, where again at the same time the content growth and I mentioned ADAS radar before, is largely independent of this. So it's the mix of those two which drives our overall growth number. And roughly speaking we think that about 70%-ish of our total business is pretty close associated with the SAAR where another 30% are really benefiting from strong content growth. And in that 30% the largest is obviously the ADAS, which is just under 10% of total run rate.
Kurt Sievers: This is Kurt, indeed. So while many of the Tier 1 companies talked about this already, we didn't see it in our orders nor in our revenue. But I think it was like late Q4 kind of late November, early December that we also saw that hitting us. But again, that only relates to that product, which is in a one-one relation with the car production.
Kurt Sievers: Thanks, Craig. Yes, we feel actually increasingly stronger because in the whole environment, the one sub segment, which has really pushed is electric cars. So there is a pretty strong drive to really be on time from a car company perspective to do the launches, which we have launched for my '19, so if you think about it short-term, the design win finally which starts to turn into a couple of 10s of millions revenue in '19 is on track that is all firmly designed in, it depends really on the timeliness of the car launches and I unfortunately cannot tell you which cars those are but once they are out, we will tell you and it's pretty prominent nice cars. On the more strategic side, yes, the solution play, which we talked about earlier, is absolutely hitting the mail as much as the ASIL-D capability. So I really want to say it's two things, that is the solution play between micros and the analog front-end and the ASIL-D capability of the whole solution which continues to settle apart from competition.
Kurt Sievers: Really hard to say, Craig, I'm very careful with that because of course this is also somehow related to the overall demand environment in the end and I'm hearing but I -- we don't have the latest detail that there is a second wave of WLTP plant, so another type of test limits for CO2 emissions. There I'm hearing that the OEMs now start to figure out how they how they can again go ahead with that one. So I -- what we can say at this point is that is the current one is not going to do be here before the end of Q1, if there is a strong rebound from this, I'm a bit careful to say that that this is going to happen there in Q2 not sure.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, it's also important to note that a lot of the ASP reduction, you see there is a once in the year element, I mean that happens in Q1 and then it's done for the year. So it's not like this, it repeats all the time. But it's, it's because those are annual contracts. And I clearly support what Rick was saying, I think we actually played it a bit tougher this year, meaning that directionally we gave let's prize away then on the average of the past years.
