Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Thanks, Chris, and thanks for taking the first question. Yes, the very, very vigilant management of the channel inventory is a very deliberate choice Bill and I took. And we do this while we have more than enough orders at hand to actually ship, say, another $500 million in the quarter into the channel and still hitting our target of 2.4 or 2.5 months of inventory. But we take the choice because we specifically now in China see a weakness. Actually, we think the weakness in China, which for us is almost entirely distribution. We see that connected to the change of corporate policy, which they took in early or first half of December and the spike of infection rates following that. And we just want to be responsible through this period of weakness in China, but watching the situation very carefully. So as soon as we would see signs of consistent rebound in China, we have both the orders, but also the product at hand to actually fill back the channel. So it's kind of our choice, which we took here, and I have to say this is across all segments. So that weakness, which we see in China, is not really segment specific, it is distribution specific across the board related to this policy change and infection spike in China. Maybe important to highlight that at the very same time, we are seeing across the board very strong trends in our direct customers. So it's - we have a very diverging - last quarter, we spoke about the dichotomy, very diverging picture now that from a segment perspective, Auto and Core Industrial remain strong. But now we have an additional effect here that we see this short-term weakness in China, which we try to be prudent about with the choice of the channel inventory stable.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Let me give you some color on Q4, Q1 and then directionally for the year. Indeed, Q4 was flat from a quarter-on-quarter perspective, by the way, nicely up year-on-year really because of supply constraints. I mean we just did - we couldn't ship more because we didn't have more products in Q4. In Q1, it's a bit more of a mixed bag. We are getting more products. But at the same time, we - Automotive in China distribution falls under what I said earlier. So we have a bit of a decline when you think about Automotive distribution in China, while the rest is actually going up at the same time. In the mix, it turns out to be then flat quarter-on-quarter and again, nicely up from a year-on-year perspective. Maybe more importantly, for the full year, yes, we are optimistic, Chris. We see, according to IHS, a far increased to about 85 million, so I think 82 million cars last year, going to 85 million this coming year, which is 3.5 or so percent increase and more importantly, definitely a continued increase of xEV, electric vehicle penetration. Again, according to IHS, I think going to 35% of the total car production having hybrid or fully electric drivetrains, which is significant and continues to be a significant boost from a content perspective for us. At the same time, we are gradually as through the last quarters, getting access to more supply. I dare to say from today's perspective that probably through the end of the calendar year '23, I hope we have most of the shortages behind us. I mean that will never be totally complete, but I think we are getting closer to a better balance towards the end of the year. And finally, pricing continues to play a role. I think I talked about the pricing specifics for last year in my prepared remarks. Now when you think about this year, input cost continues to go up, especially in those areas which continue to be tight from a supply perspective. So there is also, specifically in Automotive, continued pricing tailwind to be expected.
Kurt Sievers: Honestly, Vivek, we don't know. I would go over my skis to make a firm statement here. But indeed, Mobile, of course, has a couple of specifics which are driving it really low. There is a seasonal element to this, obviously. Secondly, we do have in Mobile executed our NCNR orders last year, which gives us a headwind from an inventory perspective, if you will. We firmly executed these NCNR orders because these are custom-specific products where we have no chance otherwise to move them around and give them to other customers. And then finally, there is the well-known and documented Android weakness, which continues to be. I'd say the following, as you see, we are very disciplined with customer inventory and mind you that our Mobile business, to the largest extent, is going through the channel. So if and when end demand picks up, rebounds, which I think it will, at some point, we should indeed very quickly see it. Is that exactly for the second quarter? I don't know, but we are very close to the post given the way how we treat this. I mean I'm glad you are asking, Vivek, because this whole thing around our almost brutal discipline on the 1.6 channel inventory moves us very close to as soon as there is pickup in end demand, we will also see it in our numbers.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Ross. It is actually easier to speak to this in Automotive because we have a much larger portion of direct customers where we can also triangulate with the demand from the OEMs, from the end customers. And we have these discussions actually with all three parties on the table. So we cannot be misled by inventory builds or anything from the Tier 1s because we really cleaned this out now all the way to the OEMs. And I think what I said to Chris earlier about the optimism on the Auto business through the year is the answer to your question. So there is a short-term disturbance in China, but that's really more about the distributors than anything else when it comes to Automotive. In Core Industrial, Ross, it is indeed harder [ph] to be that specific because the majority of our business goes through the channel. So it is much harder to say from the perspective of what do we know from end customers really, which is also why into Q1, I'd say also Core Industrial probably drops sequentially. But again, it is very hard to decompose this from the China situation. So it could just be because of this particular China situation since we have such a high exposure in Industrial - also in Core Industrial to China. I can, however, tell you that the direct accounts in the Core Industrial business, but they are a minor portion of our business. They are holding up quite well. So for that reason, you could say there is some data points, which would tell us that also Core Industrial is robust. But I have - it's less certain given the channel exposure, which we have in that segment. Now from a content increase perspective from - if you think more from a macro perspective, what these applications are doing in critical infrastructure in driving efficiency of industrial customers, I think there is any reason to believe that we should also for Core Industrial continue to be optimistic for the year. Finally, what I said about pricing earlier, pricing for Automotive holds true also for Core Industrial. Similar technologies, similar continued pressure on supply, which is very different, obviously, to the Consumer and Mobile businesses.
Kurt Sievers: Yeah, C.J. I'm happy to do that. Q4 was purely supply. We were a bit ahead of our, say, skis with the guidance because we know that more supply is coming up, and that's also why Q1 is now going much better. And that - there were some operational issues and we didn't get it going in Q4. So Q4 fail against guidance had nothing to do with demand, that was purely about a supply base. Now going forward, it is indeed such that I would say we are cautious when it comes to the radio power part of the business because the one area where we see build-outs in network infrastructure this year then it's India. So it's all about to what extent at what pace is this going to happen through the year. What is for sure is that it is much more and much faster leaning to gallium nitride versus LDMOS, which is favoring us and we just have to do a good job in increasing our supply capability to actually run up here. The one other piece within this Comm Infra and Other segments, which will matter this year, is actually the RFID tagging, secure and access cards and government identity products. There is a significant amount of pent-up demand C.J., which we could not serve the last 2 years which was our choice. I mean it is a technology which we have to use for other segments and other products. That is a classic demand, which doesn't disappear because it is about infrastructures, it is about government IDs, which people need around the world. So the demand is still there. Now we are actually moving the supply capability from other areas where the demand has softened into this and we are starting to serve it. So from a sub-segment dynamic perspective, C.J., think about this part being the one which is actually going to generate growth this year.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So Joe, first of all, the supply capability through the year. Clearly, the number of escalations has moderated. We still have a number of nastily short technologies. And I would call out 180 nanometers, 9055 gallium nitride and the high-voltage analog mixed signal, which is proprietary to NXP. This is, of course, in size less than it used to be, but it still leads to significant customer escalations and shortages, which we think will go through the year, but hopefully moderating towards the end of the year. If we translate this back into supply capability, I think we said on the last call, we would be able to serve about 85% of kind of risk-adjusted backlog for the year. I'd say for this year, for '23, this is now more like 90% to 95%. So you see it's better. It's not yet on target. We are not yet in a position that we have visibility to serve everything we want, but we are coming closer. Now you might be confused with the high DIO and still me saying that we can't serve Automotive. The matter of the fact is that if you would pass it the DIO in two segments. And I mean, I will not give you numbers, but the auto part of it so the product which is specific to the lease in Automotive is actually well below target. So it's just very variable between the segments, and it's not fungible, as you know. Now that leads me to the second part of your questions around NCNRs. I gave you one example earlier where we have very strictly executed NCNRs and that was the Mobile last year, which indeed is a bit of a headwind now getting into this year because product was not fungible. I mean it's customized in software, so there was no way to let customers of the hook. Going through this year, there is not a one-fits-all answer, Joe. So I'd say we are flexible if the product is fungible. I mean we do not force one customer to absolutely take it if we can at the same moment, sell the same product to somebody else. I mean, that wouldn't make sense. We are very strict if it would go against any take-or-pay liabilities, which we have to our suppliers. I mean there is no way we would let our customers off the hook. Then it depends on overriding commercial agreements, which we have with customers, in some cases, which might be of forcing functions. And then - and that's especially in Automotive, which is a large part of our NCNR backlog. We are working with ODMs. So if a Tier 1 comes to me and says, I want to discuss about the NCNR level, I say, okay, then we discussed together with your end customer. And we want to understand if that is in the best interest also for the end customer which puts quite a bit of pressure on the system and actually enforces some of the NCNR through that channel. So you will see - I cannot say the 100% always in force. We would not do this where you would see that we create a problem for ourselves later. I mean that's the same philosophy, which we are applying with the channel inventory. Why would we? I mean that wouldn't be smart. But in many cases, we still do, given the dynamics I just mentioned.
Kurt Sievers: While - Bill, while I cannot speak on a customer-specific level, obviously, I dare to say when I look at the win rates and then the shipment rates, we are very well balanced when it comes to EVs, both geographically but also between, say, big OEMs and start-ups. And that has been an attention point for me right from the start because actually, many years back already I always thought that China might become a leading force in electrification, given that they didn't have the legacy to change their companies from combustion engines to electric drivetrains. I mean there is significant advantage. And so for many years already, we tried to stay very close to start-up companies, which, by the way, is not just in China, but that's often between China and California. I mean there is a lot of combined companies there. So, no, I would not say that we have a, if you will, negative buyers only to the big guys and would not participate in the growth provided by start-ups, which largely are in China. It has also to do with our product portfolio, Bill. I mean, we are so broad and so leading in automotive, how would we only work with one part of the market. It's almost impossible. So no, that's not the case. I'm optimistic here.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, Matt. So indeed, I mean, the Q1, given China and everything we discussed in the last 25 minutes is indeed a bit of a - probably a bit of an outlier. I think the growth rates, which contribute to the 8% to 12% for the company, being led by Automotive and Industrial IoT, that is still how we look at the growth for the next 3 years. So we do believe that if you look across NXP, the content increases and our strong position in Automotive will let automotive growth above corporate average. I think we said 9% to 14% relative to the 8% to 12% for the total. Since this is half of the company, Matt you will understand that, that has a significant dynamic for us. And in Automotive, it's also fair to say, and I gave you some details for last year that pricing is a positive further contributing element which maybe was not always fully comprehended in the initial forecast. And in a similar way, I would speak to Core Industrial, mind you, that is 60% of the Industrial IoT segment. There, indeed, and that's maybe where your question was going to the more cyclical businesses being the consumer IoT as part of industrial IoT segment, as well as Mobile, there it will all depend on timing. I mean we really have to see what the timing of a rebound is going to be. Where at the same time, if you look at history of these segments, they are very fast moving. I mean you can very quickly have significant changes through the quarters, especially when China makes a move. But again, strategically, I think the growth algorithm guiding us to the 8 to 12 for the company is pretty much intact. There possibly automotive has a bit more momentum even than we would have anticipated in the first place
Kurt Sievers: Yeah. Thank you - thank you very much, Jeff. Now as we have discussed, clearly, the level of uncertainty currently is higher than what we've had through the past couple of quarters. The stance we take is that we want to be prudent and disciplined to those elements, which are in our control. We just discussed about OpEx. But much more importantly, I think this is all about inventory management. There, we don't want to be blocked by a lot of over shipping into the channel and not having a deal anymore what the true end demand is. So that's why we focused on this call and also for our guide very much on that approach. For the channel, which mind you, is more than 50% for NXP, more than 50% of our revenues are going through the channel. So that discussion is a very important piece for us. With that, we are actually in a position to certainly navigate in a good way through this period of uncertainty and at the same time, remain very prepared for a potential rebound which we think could happen in the time to come, especially in China when the infection rates come down again after this policy change. With that, thanks for your attention. Thank you very much. I speak to you all soon. Thank you.
Bill Betz: Vivek, thank you for your question. Let me talk about Q4 and the Q1 guide and also looking ahead. First, as you know, we did slightly better than our guidance and I mentioned it was improved by product mix for Q4. Again, as we look into Q1, despite those lower revenues, we see this positive product mix offsetting lower fall-through on the revenue. Also, we have lowered our internal front-end utilization rates. In Q3, we were running in the high 90s. In Q4, we're about 90%. And again, remember, this is all linked to that non-auto industrial type of products because of market softness we're seeing. For Q1, we do expect to lower our front-end utilization again to about 85%, which is where we still remain constrained in our internal auto IP processing technologies and so forth. And again, I'd say, looking ahead, we expect to stay within our long-term gross margin forecast of 55% million to 58% as our cost structure today is more variable in nature than the past. Also, our factories, if you think about it, become more efficient when they run at normal utilizations and we have a disciplined inventory approach with their channels. So we're going to stay with that range. We're not revising it, but we feel very good about our gross margin performance.
Bill Betz: Thanks, Ross. Yes, you are correct in a way that when we look at inventory, we look at both the internal and the channel together. So as you can imagine, right, the channel inventory today at 1.6 months, basically, we can move that up by about another 25 days if we wanted to, to our target of 2.5 months of sale. Clearly, with the softness in several of the areas, we are monitoring this. We're keeping it strategically on our channel. And as Kurt mentioned, as conditions do approve, we will release some of that and want to go sell-through one-to-one. Now the good news is the inventory we have on hand is all long lived and has very low obsolescence risk. At the same time, I'd say, unfortunately, we're still constrained in several selective nodes. Remember, we buy about 60% externally. We do about 40% internally. That 40% really - more than two thirds of that internal capacity is linked to Auto and Industrial. So that's going to keep us at nice levels of utilization for the rest of the year. So again, we're going to be more flexible, yet disciplined to support our customer service levels and the potential for future growth. But to give you an example, right, if we have the orders, as Kurt mentioned, and we shipped that $500 million and went to 2.5 months of sales, assuming none of it sells through, this would basically have an effect on our revenue and our COGS and basically say NXP's internal inventory would have been below 90 days. So you have to look at them combined. We're doing this very proactively and intentionally to prevent inventory buildup. So I think from an internal DIO, if we kept the channel at 1.6, I'm comfortable holding probably another 15 to 20 days on top of the level that you see today.
Bill Betz: I mean the only thing I would say that could cause gross margin to go below the long-term model that 55% to 58% is probably a prolonged global recession, that affects all of us, right? But if we're having the - what we're seeing right now, we think we'll - we will and plan to stay within that 55% to 58%, C.J.
Bill Betz: Thanks, Matt. Let me address operating expenses. I think we continue to manage our operating expenses pretty well with the uncertainty in the macro markets. So in Q4, we were a bit more favorable than our guidance driven by the lower variable compensation, and we managed our discretionary spend. In Q1, we're keeping our OpEx relatively flattish, I would say despite you all know the typical headwind that we experienced in the U.S. employee benefit rates and so forth. So we're doing a good job there. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are going to navigate and control our spend. It's one of those levers that we have. And for 2023, I'd say we'll plan for the full year to make sure that we're below that 23% for modeling purposes. So maybe a quarter here, it may go out of balance, but for the full year, we expect to be within 23%.
