Peter Kelly: Well, we're not really going to guide the second half of the year, John. First of all, in terms of Q2 as always our revenue is based on our backlog and what we believe will - I will book and certainly the industrial market particularly in China has been difficult in Q1 and Q2. But I guess your third question hidden in there was, what's normal seasonality? I would 'd say, you know, 2019 you throw normal seasonality out the window really, it's really hard to say what might happen, certainly as we thought Q2 is a strong - Q2 is stronger than Q1 and the second half we think we'll likely be stronger than the first half. But beyond that, I don't know Rick would you say much more beyond that.
Peter Kelly: Well, on gross margin, I'll just go back to exactly what I said to last year because – last quarter because I think that best illustrates where we are on flat volume from a flat revenue from Q4 ’18 to Q4 ‘19. It's basically 200 basis points of sale-held and it's not any one single individual item you know, we've got a bunch of things going on in test to - test times and yields and there's a bunch of I guess the largest part of it is savings that we have tied up with our supplier pricing. So that - that really hasn't changed at all. And in terms of OpEx, what we said to you, you should think whatever your number is for the full year take 16% of that we're in our annual R&D number and 7.5% for SG&A number and I guess given now that we've given you the Q2 number, a portion of difference over Q3 and Q4 based on how you think revenue is happening. Within OpEx you know, the big changes you see from quarter-to-quarter, typically more around what we're doing from a max [ph] perspective than anything else. Right now we're not really - we're not really hiring, you know, clearly there are some critical replacements we put in place. But we're trying to keep a cap on our costs and I think - I think what you saw in Q2 is we're able to manage our expense pretty well actually.
Peter Kelly: Well, I would say they do have right now, because it's about 30% of the total revenue which - which is way above average in terms of growth. So once the other 70% based on the SAAR comes back to a normal growth rate you will see this striking through for the total. So - and obviously with these above average growth engines, like radar or BMS, or the digital clusters of course, gaining share against the total this will become more and more material all the time. This is today a 30% period since it grows far above average the 30% percent of course they'll take a higher share in the coming in years.
Peter Kelly: Yeah, we can - actually we can buyback about another 3.7 million shares between now and our annual general meeting which is in June. So in June we'll request the authorization for our shareholders to have a general buyback capability of - I think it's 20%. That doesn't mean we’re - at that point saying we're going to buy about 3% of the stock. But normally a Dutch company runs with this 20% allowance in its back pocket. But no one ever spends it as Rick mentioned before we basically just spent in the last six months which is kind of unusual. So in June we'll get that topped up. But more generally our commitment is to return all excess cash flow to our shareholders. We have a history of living to that commitment and we'll continue to - we'll continue to do it. And we will continue to have a dividend and you know and we'll get that chance as we go forward to possibly potentially increase that dividend next year.
Peter Kelly: So we don't disclose profitability by segments either the gross margin or the operating margin level. So it was you know - there's just lots of moving parts as I've said previously. You have the big groups do have slightly different margin profiles, but within the groups you have different product sets which have different margin profiles as well. And that turned out pretty nicely for us this quarter.
Peter Kelly: Yeah, the mix comment was really more focused on Q1 helping facilitate that. And then I guess the only thing that we could say ADAS and BMS margins are quite nice.
Peter Kelly: Well, you know there there's always gives and takes associated with it. So I don't think we're going back and changing our long term guidance at all. Clearly in the near-term it's a positive contributor and helps us kind of offset the general market weakness that we see. But clearly we were pretty conservative on that segment and we said that at the time that we said the growth guidance. So there could be opportunity for upside, but it's always some gives and takes and we're not really changing any of our long term guidance at all.
Rick Clemmer: So I think the key John is the specific design wins we have that will drive our revenue increase, its not about an expectation of a rebound in the marketplace, but more of kind of a stabilization. And frankly, you know, China continues to be which is clearly a large market for us from an industrial perspective continues to be somewhat frozen. You know, our distributors or partners are becoming somewhat encouraged, but the end customers are still quite reticent based on the trade uncertainty and the general environment about what's going to take place. But what's really give me – us the confidence in the outlook that we have is the specific customer design wins with a ramp up of those new designs that will allow us to outperform the general market.
Rick Clemmer: Well, I think the key on the communications side is really the some of the early deployment of 5G which we clearly being a near-term acceleration. And then we think that we'll go through it a little bit of a lull for a period where we won't see that continued growth. But clearly very positive for us in Q2 and a positive contribution. In Mobile it really comes down to the continued deployment of the mobile wallet, in the applications that we've been referring to in the past. We're beginning to see that come to fruition with developing countries and new customers really offering opportunities to drive the growth rates that we're talking about for Q2.
Rick Clemmer: Well, we didn't try to say that, what we did say was the decline we think is under control. I think we had been getting design wins to be fair through this period of time. It's just that the revenue ramp associated with those had been delayed. And what we are now beginning to see is some of the revenue increases from those new design wins growing faster than the declines of the older legacy business, which created so much pressure over the last few years as you're well aware. We are encouraged about our DN in business and the design wins we have though and the full engagement and the opportunity to participate in a number of new areas where we really operate differentiated technology with some of our software defined radio technology that gets our customers the ability to expand into different networking innovative networking applications.
Rick Clemmer: I think that's really important, Stacy, you know, as we look at it with the current environment we see, we're keeping our expenses completely under control and keeping them fairly constrained. We clearly will have investments that we need to ramp up when we see a robust return to the marketplace. But clearly that's not something that we're - that's in the line of sight that we have today. As we talked about the ramp up, we see in revenue as more customer specific and design wins specific than the general market improvement.
Rick Clemmer: I don't – Stacy, I don't think you should read too much into that. I think the point is we had the orders from distis [ph] that they had the confidence, that they will need the requirements that would have driven a $40 million additional revenue for us. But without seeing the pickup in actual shipments out from the distributors, we chose not to ship that in because that would have obviously increased our months of inventory and we're very focused on maintaining that around the 2.4 range. I think you know, the distributors are more encouraged than I've seen them in a - in a few months, but it's not really materializing into shipments out to their customers in a significant fashion. So I think it's more of a general indicator, but it's clearly hasn't resulted in improved business yet.
Rick Clemmer: I think it's just their business planning, as they go through it and look at what their plans are, they've placed orders that would have driven and further increase in our shipments into distribution, which obviously we chose not to do based on the impact that would have had on inventory levels.
Rick Clemmer: Yes. So I think it's really important to understand that our guidance is based on company specific design wins that we have with customers that give us the confidence about our Q2 revenue outlook. If you look at the market, the market in China continues to be pretty frozen and we don't see a robust recovery coming yet. There's still a great deal of concern relative to the trade activities and the uncertainty associated with it. I think if you look at Europe, Europe has been kind of okay, but you know, it's actually maybe even softened a little bit recently. It's not clearly a robust improvement. And US continues to operate quite fine. So I think all of that comes together, but clearly our revenue increase is based on company specific design wins which we've been working on for a long period of time and we're now beginning to see the results of that design activity that we've had.
Rick Clemmer: I think the real clear thing is the reason we haven't seen our total growth is because of the general automotive market and the declines in production. So the fact is we've been able to hold that level on our shipments based on those new product areas. And as the general automotive market production levels come back to more of a normal basis, clearly it will kick in and drive revenue growth for us as a company.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. So I don't think we see a lot of pre-ordering associated with that. What we really are seeing is a ramp up of deployment of our massive MIMO solutions which we've had quite a success in the marketplace and frankly we're limited by our manufacturing capability right now. So I think that's really kind of the contributing factor for us. It's not about - I think the term you used was pre-orders associated with Chinese. We don't see that as being a significant factor in our Q2 guidance. But instead the massive MIMO results. Our GaN solutions continue to be well-received in the market. We continue to win design wins and frankly it's a challenge to be able to supply all the customer requirements associated with it. And we do have our internal manufacturing facility to be ramping later this year associated with GaN. So I think we're in - we believe quite reasonable shape in GaN and I think we can continue to take our leadership position in the base section RF market even as the market converts more to GaN. But the timing of the transition to GaN has clearly changed over the last few years and frankly the massive MIMO opportunity represents a much more significant growth we believe that in the next number of quarters a year and a half or so then really the opportunities specifically associated with GaN. and the LD Moss [ph] technology has clearly moved up and been able to move into higher performance than what people would have anticipated several years ago.
Rick Clemmer: Well, the focus from a positive perspective is really the battery companies. So we do work not that much with the classic automotive Tier 1 companies but with the battery companies and they tend to be by definition more in Asia and in Europe or in the U.S. So I would say from a from a geographic design in perspective a single box China, Korea, even Japan not that doesn't mean that that has to do with the local consumption there. It's just that they are the leaders globally in battery technology and lithium ion battery technology, but they do ship and we do have some transparency into this in which we have a programs are ramping that's absolutely global. I mean, I wouldn't make any differentiation there between the European, U.S. or Asian car programs.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah. So I mean, I I'm still trying to say it because it is just about to launch, but actually it's a lot a very, very large German car OEM which is which has its empire electric power train battery platform based on our solution. And the first cars which are very nice high end sports cars which I think we'd love to have while they are sold out by the way for the next two years as far as I know, they will launch in late summer this year. But again that that's a platform win which is then going to - actually go and spread out into all of the electric vehicles will step out off that car company. So again that happens to be a German company, but that doesn't mean that the rest of the battery work has been done with a German battery company which doesn't exist but actually all in Asia. So it's a very global business. I think we stand very strong based on the combination of all of our analog position of our [indiscernible] function as if you know how in the microcontrollers which we have, so that system approach continues to give us a unique position in that market.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, I think we've talked about you know, that the connectivity requirements for low power Wi-Fi associated with industrial and IoT market, we announced some partnerships in the previous - in the most recent quarter that one of those in specifically was an announcement with Murata and Cypress associated with a solution that we're offering, but we continue to see high demand from our customers looking for a complete solution with the connectivity to go with our processing capability to be able to facilitate their solutions and what they're trying to accomplish.
Rick Clemmer: So I guess on the order front you know as we talk a little bit about you know, we've actually seen an improvement in orders, so we don't see the sell-through from our distribution partners picking up specifically in China. So I think while we've seen that increased order activity we're a little bit reluctant to expect that to really fall through to the customers in the near term or in Q2 timeframe and thus we're relying on the specific design wins that we have to be able to achieve the revenue increase that we have and I'm sorry I forgot your first.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, we we're pretty religious about our lead times, if someone wants to place an order within the lead times, we actually evidence we charge him a premium associate with being able to meet those requirements.
Rick Clemmer: Like you know, we're not - we're not talking about the second half as far as projections associated with it beyond, what we said that Q2, I mean, second half will be about the first half. The confidence we have is clearly associated with the design wins we have and that being able to facilitate that. Although you know, there should be some nominal pick up in market even if there's not a robust recovery in the second half.
Rick Clemmer: That's a design wins that we talked about in the improved acceptance of our mobile wallet. So it's kind of continues down that same path and we expect that to continue as Kurt talked about from the - from the you know 30% to 50% by 2021. So we're kind of on course to be able to maintain that and see a wider acceptance with more customers in different applications to continue to increase our confidence in it. You know, we're a niche player in the mobile market. We're not a mainline player in the mobile market and don't ever plan to be a mainline player, but instead can take unique technology to drive applications for customers. They just happen to be deployed in the mobile market.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, it's really important to think about the mix of that SAAR as well. If you look at it China is like double the size of the U.S. market and Europe is larger than the U.S. market. So in fact the two largest regions for SAAR production were quite weak in the first quarter.
Rick Clemmer: So it's more on the crossover segment is I think the key where we anticipate seeing the significant growth contribution, its the crossover segment where we're kind of uniquely positioned and as far as driving the growth it's a lot more on the on fitness track, the wearables segment than anything else. So I think over the intermediate term there is a lot like the immersive sound solutions that we have to be able to differentiate on the Dolby Atmos capability, a lot of factory automation that are spread among many thousands of customers.
Rick Clemmer: Specific Harlan, it's not just RT, our crossover family processors is a combination of RT, ULP and M scale [ph] So it's a combination of those not just RT.
Rick Clemmer: Basically bringing some of the function specific functionality that you could normally only get in a in a very costly apps processor down to a more reasonable cost point for a broader array of implementations.
Rick Clemmer: It's significant. You know, I don't – Kurt, talked about these specific applications that we see in the broad base associated with that and we continue to have good traction but it's a broad array of customers and not any individual single solution.
Kurt Sievers: The one thing that was interesting John is just going to Rick's comment there on the - what our distribution partners are thinking, we probably could have shipped about another $42 million worth of product at the end of - at the end of the quarter in terms of what distribution is asking for. But we were not seeing them ship it out to their end customers. So we we've not allowed them to take that product yet. So it is interesting that, but we see a little bit of strength in POA, but we haven't seen the additional or more importantly the strength in POS yet.
Kurt Sievers: Let me take this. We - when we think about the car production, we really look at the forecasts of IHS mainly, which had deteriorated a little bit since our last call. I think we talked about like minus 0.4 for the global reduction in 2019 over ‘18. by now the IHS forecast was minus 0.9%, so almost minus 1% which clearly did not have a great start in China. So the China Q1 production number in 2019 was actually minus 13%. Now if you look at the forecast for the full year being minus 0.9% only in quotes that means IHS obviously does project a rebound in both Europe and China in the second half of the year. And that's largely what we take as the basis for our forecast. So with that we also believe our business is going to be stronger in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year. And yes, you were rightfully pointing to that part of our business, which is largely independent of that, most prominent factor, certainly the radar business. We did say it in the prepared notes earlier, we are on track here in Q1 and we see this also for Q2 and the rest of the year to be in the high 20% range in year-on-year growth, so Europe 25% to 30% growth in radar, which is a perfect continuation of the trends which we've also seen over the past years already.
Kurt Sievers: So yes, clearly the expectation is to continue to outgrow the auto SAAR. It just doesn't work on a on a quarter-by-quarter basis. I mean, you have to look at a little bit longer time. We started this also historically, its just swinging and one single quarter doesn't really - doesn't really work. But yes, clearly we will continue to outgrow the overall auto SAAR by say 5% to 7%. That has been the basis and continues to be the basis for mid and long term forecast which is like 7% to 10% which was based on a 2% percent SAAR. Now if the SAAR in a couple of quarters returns to more normal rates like zero to 2% we are also back to that growth rate. Relative to peers, I mean, I don't know what peers will print all that time, but clearly in our chosen fields of focus which we also mentioned at the beginning of the call very clearly, be it's a battery management for the electric power train or be it radar within the ADAS space, we have outgrown and we believe continue to outgrow also our peers very clearly.
Kurt Sievers: Well, let me first to try and clarify when we say the 70% are tied to the SAAR, we still outgrow the SAAR. So there is still content growth obviously it should be at least 5% ahead of the SAAR, also in that 70% portion of our business. When we say type to SAAR, what that really means is since it is closer to the SAAR it swings more with the SAAR, where in Radar maybe grows say 30% year on year, I mean the SAAR with the 2%, 3% change actually doesn't matter. I mean, that was the commentary we made about association on long association with the SAAR. So that's why I would say the semi auto market should continue, thanks to the content increase across the board should continue to be I don't know 4% or 5% ahead of SAAR through the cycle and through the year. The more crucial question is actually what the SAAR is going to be. And I mentioned earlier on the call that some that Q1 wasn't a particularly great start. So IHS was reporting Europe minus 8% year on year in Q1 in car production and China minus 13%. And those are two pretty significant factors, while IHS still forecast for the year that this gets better in the second half which results in minus 1% for the full year which should indicate a positive or semiconductor market for the full year.
Kurt Sievers: And maybe adding voice assist. So it's really four areas the variables which you mentioned Rick industrial automation, which is an analog detection and that kind of stuff. Voice assist into a lot of home solutions and industrial and finally the sound bars where I think you regularly spoke about the [indiscernible] certification.  I'd say it's those four very different segments but they all use all the crossover technology.
Kurt Sievers: It's actually a broad - broadening category which is very good - which I would almost say we are creating between the micros and the application process. So while that started really with a soft focus on the arty I think we are broadening this because we have so much direction that we become put more into it.
