Kurt Sievers: Yes, hi. Good morning, CJ. We are clearly convinced that we are far away from a peak, especially in the auto end market. The way to look at this is clearly that while the SAR this year probably is going to grow around 10%, that's the latest data point we have from IHS, there is broad consensus that it's going to grow another around 10% next year, and only then it will actually surpass the absolute volumes levels from the pre-pandemic year of 2019. But more importantly, CJ, as we've discussed many times in the past, our content gains, company-specific content gains, and I mentioned a few in my prepared remarks, like radar, eCockpit, zonal processes and the battery management in electrification, really, really drives specific strength and growth for NXP. And from a market perspective, I'd say that the content gains in general maybe are accelerating a little, especially thanks to the accelerated pace to xEVs. So we do see that the number of xEVs as a portion of the total car production is growing faster than anybody had anticipated. So the latest data we see, again, I'm quoting I think IHS here, it was like 12% of the total car production last year dedicated for xEVs. It's going to be more like a quarter next year and then growing fast from there further onwards. Since xEVs have a significantly higher silicon content compared to traditional combustion engine vehicles, this is another strong driver for the auto market. So far away from a peak. And finally, very tactically, because I know everybody wants to speak and wants to hear about that. I mean, trust me, I'm in daily contact with the CEOs of the both the Tier 1 customers of us, which are serving the car companies and the car companies themselves, on a daily level trying to make sure that we can fulfill their most pressing needs, really handholding shipments day in day out. So there is not a single piece of inventory anywhere in the extended supply chain. They want to build more cars. So I have any confidence that this keeps growing.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Hi, Vivek. Good morning. Of course, we are watching this as always in through every cycle very, very carefully. But again, I want to reassure you, I think we really are quite far away from this, because at this point, and I mean you can read the headlines every day, the industry is still short from a supply perspective. And then you are referring to some foundry statements about 60% increase of microcontroller shipments, there isn't that much. I mean, our -- I think our auto supply or revenue in the first and second quarter taken together is also around 50% up over the last year, and that's also what the industry takes given the record lows of last year. So last year is not a good comparison. I think it's more meaningful to benchmark back to 2019 or even 2018 when the industry was more at peak levels from a car production perspective. So how do we check this? I mean, I would really say most of our product is very application-specific. So we are in extremely close contact. And that is new not only with the Tier 1 suppliers, but also directly with the OEMs where the product is going. So we have a very, very good visibility in the meantime on the true demand much more than ever before in history. And if you think about the portion which goes through distribution, we as always, continue to be super disciplined on the months of inventory with our distributors. And as we've published, we again stayed as a -- on a really low number with 1.6 months. I mean, that's not the same number we had the quarter before, but you know that our target model is more around 2.4, 2.5. So we watch it very carefully. Given the supply situation, I think the transparency has significantly increased, especially in what we are serving, which is very application-specific product. I could imagine that the whole question you are asking is certainly for more commodity like products, more difficult. In our case where it is so crystal clear which product goes where into what application at which car company, we have much less of a concern on this. And given that visibility, I'm very confident that we are still quite a bit away from the situation you're describing.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Vivek, I'd say, in general, there isn't much of a seasonal pattern this year anyway given the situation. But here specifically, yes, you're right, we are guiding sequentially and also annually a little bit down. It really has to do with the supply constraints. So we have a supply constraint for some products in the mobile market, which we know we will address later on, so this is just of a temporary nature. But for quarter three, it just hits us that we can ship to the amount which we want to ship. The good news is, it doesn't cost us any market share, so we don't lose any socket with this. We fully keep our momentum going, and it's of a temporary nature. If you do the annual comparison, I also might want to remind you that last year Q3 was a bit of a special quarter in mobile because it was the last quarter before the Huawei ban, which actually benefited quarter three in our mobile business since people had a bit more in Q3 than since it stopped totally in quarter four. So that's the simple background not more.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Stacy, in general, our key driver for revenue growth in xEVs is clearly the battery management solutions which have a fantastic exposure. I think in our Investor Teach-In, we told you that we would have 60% CAGR over the next couple of years. And I can absolutely reconfirm here that we are, at least, if not more than on track with that trend in battery management solutions. Now if you take it a little bit wider, it is actually more because a lot of our microcontrollers and other products are also very strongly exposed to the increased content of xEVs. We will actually go in a bit more detail on that particular question, Stacy, in our Investor Day, which Jeff has just highlighted, November 11 to parse it a little bit more in a more detailed way on how this shows up. But overall, just take it for granted that the double silicon content of a xEV versus the conventional drivetrain gives a significant benefit also to NXP. So we are significantly benefiting from a higher rate of xEVs, which is a strong push for our content growth story here.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Ross. On the first one, we talked indeed about $100 million, I think I remember which we lost for the second quarter revenue given the winter storm in our two Texas facilities, that is correct. What I can tell you is indeed that both factories are up and running completely. So we are up to the pre-storm and higher output levels in both factories, so firing on all cylinders again. And with that, we have the output which we would have wished to have already in the first place. So that is good news, both from a revenue perspective going forward, because it is steady. I mean, this is not a one-time effect, but it's steady output. But it's also good news from a supply perspective since old factories had a significant exposure, as we discussed earlier to automotive and the comms infrastructure market which were badly waiting for these products. So we are glad and thankful to our employees who have restored operations in record time. On the other half of your question, Ross, I see signs of a structural change in the behavior of the auto, especially also of the auto and customers. And I think there are two pieces to this. The one is going to be indeed realizing that a just-in-time system is not totally compatible with the three to six months manufacturing cycle time in semiconductors if you don't have some sort of a buffer in between which is dealing with it. So some more inventory in the extended supply chain I think is going to be a result of this. Now when you ask me, is this being implemented? My answer is no, but it's just because the supply is not there. I mean, at this point in time, people are planning for this at some point, but they can't implement it yet. But I think this is going to be eventually a structural change. The other one is actually the -- first the transparency which we get directly from the car companies. As I mentioned earlier, we've never had so much clarity about what product in which application in which model year will run at what volume. So this is becoming much, much better than it has ever been because structurally we are just moving much closer in a collaboration with the car companies. And I think with that also the binding forecasts, so not only providing that forecast, but also making it more binding on a mid to long-term basis is going to be a structural change, and that's a significant one because that wasn't the case in the past. So a more binding forecast will also help to foresee and plan with the right capacities on our end.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So John, indeed, we did talk last year about significant design win traction around the large Chinese customer which did fall apart. So indeed, this is still not there. I just want to be clear, the business which is now performing and which we guide for the next quarter is not related to this design win which we had talked about last year. The outperformance in the second quarter is actually across the segment. It does include some of the 5G build-outs, but it's just across all of the product sub-segments which are in this revenue segment. So it is not only 5G, but it does include 5G. Now if you think about the nice guidance for the third quarter in comms infra, then I'd say, yes indeed. As we had anticipated and actually I think discussed on a number of the last calls, we do see, I'd say, two trends around 5G which are letting us grow. We see the anticipated ramps for these multi-technology modules in the U.S. So multi-technology means LDMOS and gallium nitride, our new -- from our new gallium nitride both technology products and facility in Arizona, but it's also that we are nicely included in the China tenders, which are those macro base stations for the rural areas, which are actually in the frequency range sub 2.1 gigahertz. So somewhere between I think 700 megahertz and 2.1 gigahertz which is just perfect fit to our LDMOS capability and leadership. So it is those two, John, from a go-forward basis when you think about Q3 and beyond, which are indeed driving nicely our growth. The U.S. multi-technology modules for 5G and those CP3 tenders in China.
Kurt Sievers: So hi, Will. Thanks for your congrats on the guidance. The subset is indeed as you said, the RF power for infrastructure, it is about digital networking and there is some secure card business also in there. We will not break out the details between them, Will. But what I can say, and I think I mentioned it earlier, the outperformance in the second quarter was across all of them. So it wasn't limited to one of these sub-segments, but it was actually across all of them. When you think about the guide and the growth into the third quarter, it is probably less by the 5G-related comms infra RF power.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Happy to do so, Will. This because it's really nicely on track, just to remind everybody that it's not just about product, this is a complete ecosystem play. There indeed, we offer the radio, the secure element and software for solutions across automotive, mobile and IoT. We are very much on track, Will, with I think what we said at the Teach-In to have some $300 million to $400 million revenue across those segments in '23. So in only two years from now. As of today, I'd say, mobile is actually happening as we speak. If you think about the Android world, I'd have to say, with all the major Android phone companies, we are working very closely. Automotive is now closely following, and that was just a function of mobile because obviously the automotive use case of using your mobile as a car key needs the phones to be in place firstly, this is now happening. So the first cars will be out in the market in the second half of this year and next year. And there, I'd dare to say with a relatively high degree of certainty that any car company which is working in and on an ultra wideband implementation is working with NXP. So we are highly and very positively exposed here. Finally, we also see a good traction with first IoT implementations. One of the early examples are those techs which help you to find stuff, which you might have lost. But it also -- we also see nice design wins in door locks for home properties, for example. There you would then use your mobile phone to open your front door and unlock it. So very much on track, Will. Again, the numbers which we had given were $300 million to $400 million revenue size for NXP in two years from now, and we think the market for this is growing at some 40% over the next couple of years.
Kurt Sievers: I'll let Peter answer, but I really want to make one upfront statement because that's -- this is -- it is important. Yes, input cost is rising. And yes, we pass on the cost increases. But this is not a tool for us to artificially increase margins. We are in a large application-specific and very trustful relationship with our customers for years to come. So we do pass on the input cost increases, but that's more the mechanism here to structurally increase margins. Peter, you might want to give more color.
Kurt Sievers: Well, I guess, the very simple answer is we will continue to need capacity for the foreseeable future because we believe there is a really healthy cycle going on in terms of our product. So one thing that's really come out in the last six months is that for those people outside the semiconductor industry, they've really begun to understood -- understand that semis are a core part of everything we do. So to the extent that GDP grows over the next few years, you will see semiconductors grow at probably a faster rate. I think the thing to remember with us, about 70% -- just 70% to 80% of our assembly and test capacity is internal. So that will continue to be a kind of healthy source of capital requirements, and I think about 57%, 58% of our wafer supply is external. We're not likely to have built a new fab, but we're constantly updating the equipment we have there to keep them current. So I think in the past we've said, through the cycle we will spend 5% to 7% on CapEx. Last year it was below 5%. This year it will be at 7%. We'll probably update a more longer term view at the Analyst Day in November.
Kurt Sievers: Well, first, let me point out again, it's not something which happens to any extent today because the capability is not there. Once it will happen, it won't be us. I mean, it needs to be part of their business model. So it will have to be somewhere between Tier 1 suppliers, auto companies and maybe some distributors in some cases, but not on our end.
Kurt Sievers: Well, Blayne, we continue to be constrained across the board. And of course, we need to take all the time certain priority decisions, and indeed, mobile is kind of suffering in the third quarter, but everything is relatively sought across the board. The additional supply coming online is really gradual from many different sources. I mean, we talked about it. We have increasing traction with the mid and longer term contracts with our foundry suppliers. We have Texas fully up and running by now. We have, as Peter alluded to, invested both into our internal testing, not only capability, but also looking at some expansions of our internal front end factories. So all of these things across the different technologies and products are happening gradually. So it's not a one-time event. But I would say with the demand being as strong as we continue to foresee it, it will remain tight for a while. But the one really suffering in Q3 is indeed mobile.
Kurt Sievers: Well, Blayne, I think I said for the total business that we expect Q4 in absolute revenue terms to be above Q3. That's one. Secondly, I don't think there is really seasonality in auto at this point in time because dealer inventories are at record lows in the U.S. and in China, and they just can't build as many cars as they would wish to build. So I think it's more a function of supply availability in terms of when they would do what. So at this point in time, it is really supply constrained for them, which I think overwrites any seasonality.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. So let me then maybe from my end conclude the call with saying, I hope we could give you a good view and transparency into the continued very strong demand which we are seeing across the board. And at the same time, the news that we are seeing increased supply capability coming online, which drives the strong guidance into the third quarter from a revenue perspective. We also told you that quarter four is going to be yet higher than quarter three, and we continue to see this trend going into the next year. And at the same time, we see that our gross margins are now very much hitting the mark, which we had anticipated for a long time. With that, I thank you for your attendance today. Thank you.
Peter Kelly: I think the -- so first of all on the COVID test in terms -- in the context of our gross margin. To be honest, I think the costs are relatively low. We've been running our factories really much the same way we have in the past. I mean, obviously, you've got the cost of just disinfecting the factory more often. We've been paying for lots of kind of medical support, but I'm not sure it's big enough to really influence the margin. I think in terms of the additional utilization, you're seeing the benefits of that as we go from Q2 to Q3. So our guidance, 56.3% in Q3 really shows our gross margin with our factories running full out. So as we kind of expand our revenue and go into 2022, you won't see increased utilization because we actually have to add capacity. We're running pretty much full out in Q3. So I still think 56% is I think is a great number for us, and we've gotten there quicker than we thought we would do. And I think the answer to your question is still, 57% is still a couple of years away and is more around new product introduction. Mix helped us from Q2 into -- sort of Q1 into Q2, and that's why we did a little bit better in Q2. But the big impact from Q2 to Q3 is really the additional utilization and being able to run our factories, particularly the back end full out.
Peter Kelly: So -- maybe I'll take that, Kurt. So I guess, the answer to your second or third question there is, we have a lot of confidence in terms of where the company is going. So clearly, we think buying our stock at the moment is a good investment. In terms of how much, it is really quite simple. We've said all along, we'll keep our net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA at 2 times level. So we'd buy back to that level all the time, and we'll continue to do that for the foreseeable future. And if that results in us buying -- if that results in us returning more than 100% this year, that's what the result is. But to be honest, it's pretty mathematical. We're just staying at 2 times net debt.
Peter Kelly: Certainly for the moment, I'd think of 23% of revenue, 16% for R&D and 7% for SG&A. There's probably some leverage in the SG&A number because although we typically increased sales and marketing, G&A, we'd more likely to hold flattened dollars. But I think certainly for the moment, 23% is a good number to plan on.
Peter Kelly: CapEx will be about 7% this year. So yes, it will step up a bit in Q3 and Q4. Mainly, there's a lot of assembly and tests going in there, but also some bottleneck busting in our actual fabs. So CapEx will be up. I don't see working capital going up any time really. I mean, it's -- we definitely like more inventory if we could get it. But as fast as we get it, we tend to build, which is the comments I had around finished goods being at an all-time low. We do have a bit more raw material and work in progress from shipments from the foundries towards the end of the quarter that we received. So I guess, stepping back, we're definitely investing more in internal capacity and that will have a positive impact on us next year, and we continue to work very hard with our other suppliers just to get additional supply from them. But as fast as we get it, we build it and ship it to customers. So I don't really see our inventory levels getting anything back to anything like normal anytime soon.
Peter Kelly: I think you just answered the question really, Kurt. Yes, it's -- we are not a commodity company, we don't raise prices when times are tight and reduce them when times are not tight. What's been very interesting about this whole change is there's really been two big factors. One, Kurt was talking about before, which is, it's enabling us to build deeper relationships with our customers and understand their requirements and their supply chains a lot better than we have in the past. And in terms of our suppliers, you can -- without kind of going into a lots of detail, you can actually find out who are your true partners and who will support you in the years to come and who are the guys who are a little bit more predatory. But ours is a market and supply chain where it's really built on long-term relationships and long-term sources of supply both for our customers and for ourselves and for a predictable level of pricing and profitability.
Peter Kelly: I apologize. I don't know if it was me, but I couldn't hear anything there. I don't know, Kurt, you could hear what he said.
