Peter Kelly: Yes. We didn’t Will. And to be honest the real reason is it's really difficult to say what Q4 is now, because clearly we will be excluding RF power and we will be including Freescale. So, kind of giving out the full year revenue really doesn’t make any sense anymore. What I would say though is, if you look at kind of what we said three months ago and what we said now, with the exception of RF power clearly this one's sort of inventory reset going on. I am not sure I'd change our view substantially, I think people have been a little bit more conservative in their view of the market and there does appear to be a little bit of nervousness. But we are not - as Rick said in his prepared remarks, we have not really seen any kind of fundamental change. So we are pretty comfortable given what we said now and given what we said three months ago, [excluding] RF power.
Peter Kelly: We will start this August - I missed something I should have said. I guess on the one hand you hand you say the market is incrementally more nervous or maybe even incrementally a little bit weaker. But I think the other thing that's maybe different from three months ago is our margins are incrementally more positive. So I am very, very pleased with the way our margins trend together.
Peter Kelly: I have felt very comfortable buying our stock at $96 through the quarter. I think I have said in the past I don’t really look at what we are from the perspective of a multiple while there is a discount of cash flow. And I am really, really comfortable buying our stock at the moment.
Peter Kelly: No. We had say what you want to do is you should take your view of Freescale, your view of NXP, add them together and add $500 million of profit. So we are doing lots and lots of [indiscernible]. At the moment we can only plan. So we are doing lots and lots of planning. There is nothing that indicates to us that we can't do the $500 million and we would expect $200 million of that next year.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I think you are right and actually we were talking a little bit about it before the call. I think we talked previously about SG&A being around 10% of revenue. I think we are demonstrating right now we can run it at 9%. To be honest some of that is simply because we are not hiring ahead of the Freescale integration. So there's a few things that are a driver really. One is we are managing headcount much more tightly than we were earlier in the year. And usual lots of small things, keep an eye on your travel, making sure you manage your variable cost. I think we got some benefit from R&D last quarter in terms of just the way masks fell. But I wouldn't point to any one single thing, I think it's across the board the team are doing a terrific job on managing off that. And we are seeing leverage on our OpEx as our revenue grows.
Peter Kelly: I think what we say about Secure Connected Devices is that it's going pretty much as we expected. I will guess that we are kind of go here and it's a difficult question for us to answer for obvious reasons. But where we are seeing some weakness is really in the Android side of the business and the rest of the business is going pretty much as you would expect and its fully driven around volume rather than additional content.
Peter Kelly: Normally we wouldn't mention it, but I know AMS was in the press release. It's about $1 million a quarter of costs that we will go with it.
Peter Kelly: Vijay if I could just add. We are not changing any of our long term growth rates that we have provided last year at our analyst day and we have said in the past we thought our auto group to kind of grow high single digits over three year CAGR. So it's really - it's not about individual design sockets in the auto businesses. It's more about a multigenerational trend of the revenue growth.
Peter Kelly: We are about 50% outsourced on our IC business and it will continue to grow over time because effectively all of our revenue growth is sourced externally. So as we grow, next year to being $10 billion revenue company and ultimately but then to $20 billion, you are going to see more and more of our - as a percent of our supply being external.
Peter Kelly: Actually I think Tore, we think we can participate in just about all parts of the USB Type-C marketplace, both in handsets and in PCs. You probably won't see us on the real low end, aftermarket dongle, where there just could be some really low end products. We see that market being maybe $1.4 billion and TAM's size on 2017. We think we can get our arms on their share of market share there. Guiding principle always been high R&S.
Peter Kelly: The way we have said you should look at your synergies is you take your forecast for NXP, your forecast for Freescale, add them together and add $500 million of profit. So it's all intact. But we are not guiding synergies of this quarter's OpEx level. That's kind of irrelevant.
Peter Kelly: There's one thing on that. The other thing I would say is there is as you would expect as we go into a merger kind of some noise around our results. But I have just two things I would like to pick out really. One is the fact that kind of now on a standalone basis I think I can run 9% SG&A. So I think that's a 100 basis point improvement over what we said previously. And the other thing is and I am not sure if I have picked what the total is, we are carrying $10 million more interest cost per quarter because of the merger than you otherwise would have seen. So everything else being equal, our guidance for Q3 would have been $1.54, if I haven't kind of put that definitely. So you are all going to see some noise in the next quarter or two, but I think all the signals are very positive at the moment.
Peter Kelly: Okay. So I guess a couple of things. On gross margin no one big thing. You see lots of moving parts. We have our regular ASP changes, continuing cost reduction and mix probably in those orders. But it's slowly creeping up, which I think is really good news. FX as we said earlier, although FX impacts are revenue, because this is about 14% of our revenue is denominated in Euros. We also have costs in OpEx that are denominated in Euros. So they kind of offset each other, so there is no real impact at the EBIT level. I guess going from Q1 to Q2, revenue is on an about $7 million headwind, which was kind of pretty much expected in our guidance.
Peter Kelly: Yes. I mean, let's take that one first. We have said historically 26% and we are running 28% at the moment. I put that down to two things. I mean as a standalone company, where 28% is actually okay and it's two things. One is, I am convinced now we can run SG&A at 9% instead of 10%. And then the one that's kind of interesting is Standard Products they just performed absolutely brilliantly and with depending on how you look at that our guidance has been more around the fact that maybe they should run high teens rather than 23% EBIT. So we took them back to kind of high teens, that's another 1%. So my 26% going to 28% is strictly a better performance in SG&A and Standard Products are performing better than they expected. And what we are not sure about at the moment is that a temporary thing or is that something they can continue to run with. And to be honest it just looks like the guys are doing a brilliant job and that's what they can run with. So I am very pleased that we are up for good to kind of 28%. And neither those two things I talked about kind of impact our investment in the company at the R&D level. In terms of RF power it's kind of hard to kind of give guidance. I mean what we have said historically is it's - I think it's a very - well about $450 million business a year and it runs at kind of HPMS margin levels. So, yes, it just depends what you think it might be in Q4. We certainly give it up trying to predict what the base station OEMs are doing with their inventory level.
Rick Clemmer: Thanks, Will. So when you think about the challenges associated with hacking in Automotive, I think it's a significant opportunity for NXP as we talk about bringing security to the car. We've had ongoing discussions with automotive manufacturers for some time but as you might imagine those discussions are clearly accelerating in the near term. We presented both some virtually immediate solutions on the gateway to the car and some interesting innovative solutions to be able to bring security to our in-vehicle networking and then frankly with the transaction associated with Freescale the ability to bring security on the automotive microcontroller side as well. So we see some significant opportunities and are deeply engaged in discussions with how we can help the car companies to be able to provide a safer more secure car and you one of the things that we want to be sure is that we moved aggressively in this area so that we can truly be able to facilitate the opportunity and help all of our customers make their cars safer relative to the public.
Rick Clemmer: Well I think given the high levels we would be buying back stock. What we have said in the past is that we had return all excess cash to the shareholders. So I mean really the point about being at 2x net debt by summer of next year, what we are trying to say there is, summer of next year basically all of our cash flow will go back into being returned to shareholders either by buybacks or possibly we had introduce a dividend at some stage.
Rick Clemmer: I think the real key is, the proceeds from the sale of our RF power business clearly changes the original guidance that we gave at the time of the announcement of the transaction. So that with the continued strong performance of NXP, puts us in a great position to really be back below our long-term objective of 2x annualized EBITDA by the middle of next year or by the spring of next year.
Rick Clemmer: I think the one thing that we have not talked about and we continue to feel better about all the time with the discussions, is the opportunities on the revenue synergy and as we look at the feedback from our customers and the opportunities they talk to, we actually believe that that could be even more significant than what we had thought originally. But since that doesn't really happen in the first year, so we just did not commit that at the time of the announcement of the transaction. But we continue to be very excited about the combination of the two product portfolios and the opportunity it creates for our customers to really have an advantage with the more complete solutions that we can bring to the marketplace.
Rick Clemmer: So I think the thing that we see as we talked to your distribution partners and our customers, there are some areas that clearly we don’t see the same strength. The smartphone market outside of the leader in smartphones, basically they are now even in China beginning to struggle a little bit in terms of their volume. And clearly Samsung as you saw with - what they have announced is not performing at the level you would expect. So clearly there are areas where we are not seeing as robust demand as people would have planned. The RF power adjustments is clearly having an impact on our overall growth as well as that of the marketplace for the base stations. With the uncertainty created about everyone afraid to place orders because of concern on the investigations going on in China relative to the anti-bribery. But what I have been told by a number of people in China is that that can't continue long because of the demand for capacity is going to bring that back up. So what I think we see across the board is a more cautious attitude, but clearly no significant decline at this point other than in the exception of the RF power area. But it's clearly more cautious area and one more people are a little more cautious about placing orders and putting orders on the books. But the fundamental demand and the health of the world economy, which has been tailored slightly as you know. The world economic growth has been reduced by two or three percent of a point this year and clearly the uncertainty over China. Although the Chinese government has had a significant track record of being able to charge their way through these forces. So I think all of these things considered plus clearly more uncertainty associated with it, but not anything that we see a true weakness or precipitous decline associated with and again it gets down to your engagement with customers and being able to deliver solutions that make a difference for them and in the marketplace.
Rick Clemmer: Well we continue to work our way through the process. We have had good exchange and good discussion with MOFCOM in China. We continue to make good progress with the EU and we are having a good interface and dialog in the U.S. So I think things are on track associated with it. We obviously are not through the process, so until you are through the process you can't say for sure. But I think we continue to make good progress on it and it clearly is an area of focus for us to be able to get through that as soon as we can.
Rick Clemmer: Yes. I think the one thing you have seen, we have seen a push out of some of the acceleration that we had planned in China because the leader in mobile wireless is not moving quite as rapidly for implementation, so that all of the other smartphone guys in China had to had fundamental capabilities. So we are engaged with all of those and they are all aggressively reviewing it, but kind of waiting for the right time to be able to drive the implementation, because clearly it has incremental cost on their bill of materials. That they want to be sure that they can provide the solution associated with it. So we are still just as positive about the general outlook associated with it but the actual timing of the ramp clearly has moved down slightly associated with it.
Rick Clemmer: So we guided a full quarter and we would anticipate that we would not close before the full quarter. Clearly if we were to do that we would have to make adjustments but we would assume that we will close that in Q4, C.J.
Rick Clemmer: So the most significant improvement was continuing to be and do 100% in China where we continue to see strength associated with the deployment in the market. Clearly there were some increase in the U.S. from the contact side as well as we are beginning to make some improvements now and dual interface in the U.S. albeit quite small. So I don't think anything has changed relative to our anticipation of when the U.S. market will really be implemented with [A&B]. It will be a slow progress, as we have talked about. We think that it's a matter of several years and depending on how it's implemented there could be even more opportunity for initial implementation with contact and then if they realize the advantages for the user interface on the interface actually then moving to dual interface. So I think that everything is pretty much as we have said over the last two quarters, no real changes associated with it. The near term was just driven by some incremental demand, primarily with China and dual interface, so the other two areas just were positive factors as well.
Rick Clemmer: So, I think, we see - we believe that we still see it pretty healthy, general automotive market. We don't see any real significant uncertainty associated with it. Clearly one month of decline in automotive sales in China, with the uncertainty that the stock market declines brings is a factor. But we don't see any significant adjustment in the overall automotive consumption. We are still very positive about the general environment and continue to believe that it is a significant opportunity for us, especially as we begin to think about some of the emerging areas that will not contribute significantly to near-term revenue but will have a very significant in the long-term and specifically in the area of ADAS. With the combination with Freescale once we get the regulatory approval we see a significant opportunity to bring the portfolios together and really have a positive impact on our customers. And having met with customers a lot over the last quarter or so in combination with Greg at Freescale. Just as introductory meetings we've heard nothing but positive feedback from our customers associated with the opportunity that the combination of the portfolios bring.
Rick Clemmer: Right. So the USB Type-C we are beginning to see the initial activity associated with that as well, Ross.
Rick Clemmer: So Ross, I think that it gets down to features, I think when you look at it clearly wallet has been very successful vis-a-vis Android and the features and with the high-end user appetite associated with it. When you think about the opportunity in China, I think with the current delayed deployment associated with that it pushes out some of the implementations of the mobile wallet in the Android platforms that are waiting to be in a position to drive that. So I think that's really more of a temporary pause. I don’t think that you see any fundamental significant changes associated with it. I think there is still the appetite by the users but it's all about the applications and the capability that different companies are able to bring. I think we have seen that clearly play out with what's happened with the announcement associated with some of the results of the latest products that have been released, such as the new Samsung platform. But I don't think it really changes the long-term outlook at all. I think it's more of just a near-term blip associated with it, more than any fundamental changes in the long-term growth of it.
Rick Clemmer: I think the one month reduction of auto demand in China clearly is probably played into the pool process because remember most of our customers we have, have remaining inventory and so we actually see that pretty real time from the demand levels associated with it. But I don't think it was overwhelming factor in the health of automotive industry. Based on what we see we think it was more of just a short term blip. We think that the overall demand for automotives is still quite positive in our product portfolio and the increases in market share we have continues to play out well.
Rick Clemmer: So first off on the e-gov side, we have always said that it's a lumpy business and we had talked about a specific program a couple of years ago because of the significant size associated with it. We don't see any individual government that's at the same scale model associated with it. It's going to continue to be lumpy. A lot of growth taking place in the Middle East and Africa on the government side but we wouldn't want to comment on any specific country, I don’t think. Relative to the housekeeping on AMS that was really a development project that we've had that wasn't as successful as we thought it could have been and we had to make some decisions about what we did. We have had a pretty good track record of investing in some development programs and if we don't feel that will meet our long-term objective then we will either shut them down or sell those businesses and in this case we sold that sensor business to AMS, which they believe with their margin structure and their company objectives, they can be successful with that business and we wish them well.
Rick Clemmer: So on the dual interface we have talked about we are towards the tail end of that ramp associated with China. By the end of this year they have indicated that specifically that you cannot use a card that is not dual interface. So I would say if you put it in baseball terms, we are probably in the seventh or eighth inning associated with that. It's not like we are early on in the ramp associated with it.
Rick Clemmer: We continue to see the ramp of some of our new engagements that we started several years ago. In automotive terms that's a new ramp associated within on the remote keyless entry. And then we see the growth towards the end of 2017 in the first vehicle-to-vehicle design win that we had associated with design win that will be rolled out in the 2017 model year. We think there are some opportunities out, in four to six quarters on some of the security products associated with it, but we have to be able to actually confirm those and be in a position to deliver that. But it clearly - when you think about the relationship we have with automotive customers and the strength we have with our security portfolio the opportunity is there for us to really be a significant participant in securing of the car.
Rick Clemmer: I think we are not going to get into that. The truth is bookings bounce around on a week by week basis and I think it's hard to draw any real conclusion based on any near-term basis. I think we try to give you the best outlook that we had within everything that we see taking into consideration. But you know the trends on a week by week basis are so much influenced by other factors that I think it's hard to draw a real trend based on kind of the near term weekly impact.
Rick Clemmer: The real key is the fundamental capability is not just about the silicon per se, but it's the ability to bring power and data and the real universal basis associated with it and we are working with all the leading customers on the implementation associated with that and think that our demonstration of our capability and leadership in that area will be well put, well served here.
Rick Clemmer: So Stacy I think the key message we are trying to get across is we've been really very thoughtful of having people additions in the near term because of the fact, with a combination of both organizations we know that in driving those synergies there's going to be a number of people that are going to be affected. So we want to be sure that we have then minimized the disruption by not significantly adding people in the current period, that then might take jobs that we would have the ability to place people with the right skills associated with the integration. So it's really trying to be very thoughtful about the combination and how we can be in the best position moving forward associated with it and it gives us some advantages in the near term because we are not ramping people additions as we would have originally planned associated with it/ So that's really what we're trying to communicate Stacy.
Rick Clemmer: Yes. I think that the one thing that we have to consider is with the transition with NXP's RF power business being sold to JAC and with us then acquiring the Freescale business. The Freescale business is the true industry leader associated with it. The margin performance of that business is clearly in line with kind of our HPMS business. But as we have talked about before we don't like the fundamental volatility of that business, not when it's going up as rapidly as it did beginning kind of late 2013 and throughout early 2014 and certainly not with the inventory correction that's taking place by the industry in Q3. But when you think about our strategy as far as really focusing on being able to drive secure connections for the smarter world, one of the key things associated with that is being able to provide the infrastructure to accomplish those secure connections. And both the network processor at Freescale as well as the RF power business clearly play a role in being able to facilitate that. So you know I think we are very focused on those businesses and how any of our businesses can be a true industry leader and drive the kind of profit performance that we think is in the best interest of our shareholders. And clearly we think that business has that. The downside is that you have clearly a more inherent volatility from a historic basis than what it has. I think we haven't had the opportunity to spend a lot of time with the Freescale team associated with it, but you know, clearly there are some emerging applications in RF power business that we think could be beneficial for the fundamental business stretching beyond just the base station market itself. So it definitely is a business that falls into the characteristics of our HPMS business from a profit performance viewpoint and a true industry leader where it's at least more than 50% larger than the number two player. And so I think we feel pretty good about it.
Rick Clemmer: Mark, we are making a very significant investment and the fact is Freescale talked about on their earnings call. We have joint teams across the company. I think we have 35 or 40 teams across with a person - at least one person from each company working on these. And so I think in total we have maybe a couple hundred people that are actually working on the integration planning with a significant portion of their time being focused on that. So I think the synergies in the opportunity to work together on the planning for the integration for day one we are making good progress on. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to be more excited talking with customers about the opportunity to bring the two product portfolios together. So the key for us is to get through the regulatory process, so we can be in at this position to move forward quickly. But our objective is to be in a strong position for day one where we can hit the ground running and be sure that we don’t miss a beat with any of our customers on support and being able to drive the business opportunities to be able to drive solutions that have a favorable impact on our customers as they try to address some of the specific areas combining security and the computing capability to really be able to address the expanding connected device market going forward.
Rick Clemmer: Thanks, Mark. I think the industry is clearly - we've been talking about this for a long time. I mean the industry has - the industry is maturing. We don't have the double-digit growth that we had on a historic basis. And so with the slowing great growth you see a need for companies to be able to actually view transactions to consolidate the industry, so that it can meet the requirements associated with shareholders. I think that you are going to continue to see more and more of that. I think when you think about it there's a large number of subscale semiconductor companies that cannot afford the long-term R&D investment, the intellectual property. The competitive manufacturing cost base is not having sufficient scale to be able to drive volumes with the foundries and the channeled market to be able to address that. So I think you'll continue to see a significant opportunities. For us the opportunity with Freescale is really not about scope or scale. It's really about addressing the Secure Connected Device market and being able to bring the combination of the strength that Freescale brings from the computing side with the strength that we have, NXP has, on the security side as well as the connectivity side to be able to drive a more complete solution as we think about the Connected Device market going forward. So ours is really clearly driven by a strategic combination that we think creates significant value associated with that for our customers. I think that going forward from a NXP viewpoint on the new NXP, we will continue to be focused on that. With the opportunities, as Peter said, by the summer of next year we will be back down below our 2x annualized EBITDA objective. So we will clearly have the opportunity to think about other alternatives that will bring a more complete solution for our customers as well as the opportunity to return capital to our shareholders. So I think we are early on and there is going to be continued activity associated with the consolidation of the industry.
Rick Clemmer: So breadth index sounds like it is something you need to take into account after you have been out and had a long night of drinking. But talking about our product portfolio, I think John specifically in Standard Products, I think we try to be specific associated with this. I think we see a cautious environment from our customers and distribution partners with some uncertainty. And part of that's driven from a macro basis as the GDP growth continues to get trimmed, if you will. So not significantly reduced, but more of a trimming associated with the overall economic outlook. And so that ends up having an impact on seeing from a semiconductor growth viewpoint. I think for our Standard Products business I think there's a couple of things coming into account. Q3 is usually our strongest quarter from a seasonal basis. So that's clearly one factor associated with it. We talked about our distribution inventory being beyond 2.3 months which is really kind of below or at the low end of the range that we would like to have. So clearly we need to be in a position where we increase our distribution inventories from where it is because we pay these guys a good margin and we want to be sure that they carry the inventory to be able to meet our customer requirements. So I clearly would like to see that distribution inventory level at a higher level than it was at the end of Q2. So I think all of that kind of comes into account with the outlook that we have, but from a general business environment viewpoint, I think we would say that it is clearly cautiously or more cautious than it was 90 days ago. But we do not see a precipitous decline associated with the overall demand. I think you see a lot of noise in the market from different companies with their outlook associated with it. Clearly that has to do a lot with individual company's performance as well as the overall marketplace itself. And I think it's hard to draw any conclusion about any individual company or any conclusion about the overall market from any individual company, including us. But on Standard Products itself, clearly I think the fact that seasonally Q3 is usually a pretty strong quarter and the fact that our distribution inventory levels are unreasonably low at the end of Q2 is clearly a factor relative to our guidance in the Standard Products business for Q3.
Rick Clemmer: Thank you operator. So just to summarize once again for the quarter. The revenue of $1.51 billion up 12% year on year we believe continues to outperform our peer group average in Q2 by roughly 2x, continuing the trend that we've been able to establish over the last few years. We grew operating profit 25% year-on-year to 27.8%, actually setting a record for the company and earnings-per-share growth of 32%, again setting a record for the company. So we continue to feel very good about the financial performance of the company and what we've been able to deliver. In addition we generated $262 million of free cash flow up 71% year on year, setting a good strategic position to be able to support the financial requirements associated with the merger with Freescale. So again we believe we are well-positioned to deliver on our long-term strategy and thank all of our shareholders for the continued support. I guess I would like to also be sure that we thank all of the NXP and Freescale employees for all of their hard work on delivering the results as we prepare for the pending merger once we get the regulatory approval. Thank you very much and have a great day.
