Richard L. Clemmer: Our Q4 is typically seasonally down a little bit after a strong Q3 on a seasonal basis. So I think that's probably the best way to say it now. This year with overall uncertainty in the overall world's economies and how all that plays out, it clearly could be somewhat different one way or the other and the continued ramp up of these new design wins we talk about will have somewhat of a tapering effect. But clearly, our seasonal pattern would be that we would be down in the Q4 time frame.
Richard L. Clemmer: No. I think there are clearly some things we'll do, Jim. We talked about the fact that we have 6-inch -- a 4 and a 6-inch facility in the Netherlands that over the next couple of years we'll be consolidating into our 8-inch facility there as we go through the customer requalifications and the transition associated with that. That's not something that will happen near term, but it's a process that's underway as we build the bridge inventory to be able to do that and clearly, will have some impact in the near-term on our inventory levels, but will give us some significant cost savings as we actually implement that. I think for us, it's really about how we continue to make progress towards our models and I think that the thing we feel good about is the continued progress, albeit that it's probably not at the rate that we would absolutely have liked based on the headwinds that we have in Standard Products, as well as the mix implications of some of the new product design wins. They give us a pretty strong top line growth.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think it's more of the design win side. I think when you look at 3G and LTE, we've talked about the -- we believe we have a very strong position and clearly, when you think about the revenue ramp associated with base station it's going to be more likely to be in the 3G and LTE areas. So I think that's a contributing factor and it's somewhat driven by customer by customer basis depending on where the inventory levels are, et cetera. So as we talked about before, the HPRF area is one that swings around quite significantly over a period of time based on the customer demands and how successful they are with their new design wins associated with it. But in the current time frame, at least, we see the requirements and expectations from customers that drive that stronger basis in the near term. But I think it's more of customer-specific than a broad increasing end market associated with it, Jim.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I would say that if you had to break down our range, the 6% to 12% which is clearly, we think a very positive momentum. It's probably something like 0% to 4% that's kind of in our core business, something like that, with the remainder of it coming from the incremental design wins and the ramp up associated with our ID business to try to put it perspective, John.
Richard L. Clemmer: So on both of those -- so if you look at the Standard Products, I think it's a combination of volume and pricing. I mean, clearly the pricing environment, when you are kind of in this lull or slow-ish period compared to a year ago, you see a more aggressive pricing environment. And we've talked about that we saw early in the year as much price decline as we typically see on an annual basis. So I think we see that pricing impact in Standard Products but as much as anything else, it's probably the economic environment. Now there was just a report this morning talking about a positive associated with the economic environment in China, which could bode well for going forward. But clearly, we don't see that in the near-term relative to the demand in Standard Products. And I think relative gross margin, I don't think it's as much about the actual revenue volume that we're at to be able to drive that. I think we have to go through a little bit of this transition. We have to get Standard Products back within the model range that we would like for them to participate in and we have to get through kind of this transitionary period with some of these new design wins that are a little bit lower gross margin but actually pretty strong on the operating income level, because it doesn't require the same level of R&D or sales and marketing investment associated with it. So I think when we look at it, we're clearly focused on ensuring that we're adding shareholder value with the strong revenue growth contributing on the bottom line operating income that may require a little bit of tempering for a period of time associated with just our specific gross margin model, but give us still the ability to move towards our operating income levels on a timely fashion.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well so I guess, you're talking about more on Standard Products than on an across the board basis. In Standard Products I think the key factor for us is even though we're in a tough market environment, our focus in Standard Products is to move to some of the new areas, our thrust areas with ESD protection, where some of the new smartphones and tablets may require 10 to 12 or 13 ESD circuits where a typical feature phone in the past would only require one ESD circuit. So clearly, one of the things that has driven the near-term growth is some of the ramp-up associated with the ESD protection into some of those key customers on the smartphones and tablet area. And then that kind of normalizes out a little bit as we go forward. And clearly, with the very uncertain economic environment we're somewhat more cautious relative to the outlook of our Standard Products going forward. But we clearly do not believe that there's any significant inventory build whatsoever in our Standard Products area and we think that we continue to operate within the range we would like to. We would like for our Standard Products inventory level to be a little bit above the overall company basis just because of the actual individual price point associated with it, but we don't see any increased -- significant increase to inventory levels in the channel in Standard Products at all.
Richard L. Clemmer: We publicly announced it. It will support Windows and it does support Android as we spent a lot of time talking about. With the 200 handsets and tablets -- smartphones and tablets that we've won the design win associated with it, I think that kind of speaks for itself.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think, we feel like our distribution inventory levels are well within the range we'd like to operate in and on the months-of-inventory basis was flat from the Q1 time frame. So while there could be some sell-out with the actual shipments of some of the new design wins associated with it, if the economic environment were to create a little more stability, then I think there would be an inclination on the part of our distribution partners to put a little more inventory in place. So I don't know that we would expect to see any decrease whatsoever in the distribution inventory levels going forward, but it's not like we expect to see a significant increase either. We think that they're operating at what we believe to be normal range and no indications of any kind of problem areas at all.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I think our lead times vary greatly from product to product. So while in Standard Products, we could have fairly short lead times based on being able to ship from inventory, in some of the cases associated with our ID business, we actually are trying to edge out all the capacity we can, because one of the things that provided the Q2 ability to perform above our guidance was the fact that we're able to squeeze some additional output out of our manufacturing facilities where we're capacity limited in the case of our ID business. They gave us that upside. So it's really focused on the individual product capability and the capacity that's in place. And lead times in some of our Standard Products would actually be quite short in the current environment while clearly in the case of our ID business, it's more of booked out and it's about how we squeeze out additional capacity either through our foundry partners or from our internal manufacturing facilities.
Richard L. Clemmer: It does. I think the key for us in Standard Products is keeping our factories loaded. Now as we've talked about, this is not a strategic business for us. It's about generating cash and providing us the scale with our distribution partners where the combination of our Standard Products and HPMS business allows us to be the second-largest semiconductor company through the distribution channel and gets us the scale on a manufacturing volume where we produced well over 70 billion units a year based on the combination of the 2. So the Standard Products provides that cash and the capability, but clearly we need to improve their performance so they begin to move back within the range that we have established associated with it and that's a priority for us in Standard Products, is how we do that. But we clearly -- there's a trade-off associated with loading the facilities versus the pricing environment at which you can sell that product. And that's what they're very focused on how they maximize associated with it.
Richard L. Clemmer: And I think probably the key thing is if you look at the last 12 months we've actually reduced the debt by about $865 million.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, we'd said that we would spend about 5% over a cycle and so we might be up a point in areas in periods of time where we're capacity constrained such as we are today in our ID business. So clearly, it's very important that we make the right kind of investments to be able to support our customers where we have the unique sole source position associated with that. So I would assume that we might spend as much as 6% this year associated with that, but it's still in line with the 5% over the overall cycle associated with it. It's not like that you'll see us jump up to double digit percentage. But clearly, we might spend a percentage up now versus a percentage below that 5% overall range in periods of time where we don't have that requirement for the investment in capacity.
Richard L. Clemmer: We clearly have the top priority for the company to get below 2x leverage and we would expect that to be measured in quarters, not years. That doesn't mean that every dollar that we generate will absolutely go to that. There'll be trade-offs associated with it. Where we have a requirement for some future equity to be able to deliver the best return for our shareholders, we may actually repurchase some stock at minimal levels such as what we talked about in this case. But there is -- let there no confusion. Our top priority is on continuing to drive our debt down until we get below the 2x basis.
Richard L. Clemmer: And we don't see any problem in just breaking the cash to be able to meet that requirement, I guess, is the only way we can answer that. But we're not going to be specific with our strategic financing decisions in advance.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well I think the best way to kind of summarize all of that, Harlan, is we would not expect to see a significant decline associated with those. We edged up a little bit in Q2, and we think we'll continue to edge up. It's extremely difficult to drive that profit improvement in the current environment but that's the clear objective and the organization is pretty focused on driving that.
Richard L. Clemmer: It's very customer specific and probably inappropriate for us to comment on the specifics by customer, but I think it's pretty much across the board when you look at it. There's some uptick and it may be simply that they had some inventory replenishment that they had to do in their supply chain. But also I think there are some end product design wins that they've been successful at that's driving that. But I would pretty much say that it's across the board at different levels of mix, et cetera. So it's not like it's on a region-by-region basis.
Richard L. Clemmer: So John, I think we'd try to talk about that a little bit. I think we'll -- near term, we'll have little bit of pressure on moving absolutely to the target gross margin in HPMS with some of the new high-volume design wins. It won't have the same inherent gross margin characteristics as our normal ongoing business. So we're not backing off of those targets that we put in place. But on the interim basis, if we can drive these higher-volume design wins that drive more significant bottom line operating income level then we're clearly going to be focused on taking advantage of that. Our Standard Products is much more what I would say market sensitive. And clearly we're -- I was pleased that the team made some progress in Q2, but we clearly have more progress that we need to make and it's a high priority of the team and how we drive that. And frankly, the revenue growth in Standard Products is not that important to us. It's about how we balance off the utilization of capacity and support our customers with these new unique design wins on, like, ESD protection but not really be too caught up on the high-volume ultra low-cost products that might drive lower gross margins. So we're trying to balance that off so that we can begin to move closer and closer to the target model but clearly with headwinds from a market environment in Standard Products. But in the case of HPMS, it's more just the mix basis associated with these higher-volume design wins that won't have the same inherent gross margin characteristics but will be bringing us operating income.
Richard L. Clemmer: John, I don't think we're prepared to talk about the specifics associated with that. But you and I both know that with the higher-volume design wins that they're associated with, smartphones and tablets, you won't run the same inherent 58% to 63% gross margin of a typical High Performance Mixed Signal portfolio focused on automotive industrial space.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, thanks a lot for joining us this quarter. Again, we were very pleased with the performance in Q2 with the ability to drive revenue growth at 12%. We think clearly shows the fruition of the strategy that we put in place and actually confirms the ability to execute on that even with the anemic macro environment. We look forward to seeing the continued ramp up of those NXP-specific design wins. And clearly, the improved operational performance that allowed us to drive more than a 2x increase in sequential improvement in EPS is something that we're very pleased about as a company, all resulting in a robust cash flow generation of $269 million for the quarter. And just one last comment in closing. As we said, this is kind of Kalle's swan song with us. We really appreciate his contribution that he's made over the life of NXP and want to wish him the best as he moves through a different kind of chip industry out of the semiconductor business. So good luck, Kalle. We wish you well.
Peter Kelly: I was just going to add one thing really, I mean, it's -- what we're talking about is a slowing in the overall growth of our margin. As we mentioned, it's the impact of these high volume design wins. But the good side of the high volume design wins is it does gives us the ability to go after more cost reduction. It just takes a little bit longer to show fruit. So there is another positive to this.
Peter Kelly: No. I think one of the good things is I've come from within the company and the strategy we have for the company overall is one that's decided by the leadership team. So I've been very involved in the last year as have the other team members in defining and agreeing to our strategy. So I'm kind of pretty comfortable where we are really. So no, I don't have any big plans to change anything.
Peter Kelly: So the fab utilization in Q2 was 92%, which is up from up 84% in Q1. And I guess in terms of lead time, 92% the fabs are running pretty effectively and an increasing part of our wafer production is coming from external fabs as we go through the year.
Peter Kelly: Well, we don't talk specifically about what we plan with the individual part of the debt. But I guess the comment I would make is, in terms of our interest payments, we'd look to exit the year with about $65 million in a quarter. So we'd see next year as in the range of $240 million to $260 million. So clearly, we have funds to pay down the debt.
Peter Kelly: Yes, I think -- and obviously, the other really great thing is as we increase our revenue and profitability, as our actuals for this last quarter, our guidance for the next quarter demonstrates, that makes it easier and easier to pay the debt down. It obviously gives us a better EBITDA line as well.
