Jeff Palmer: Thank you, Ian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NXP Semiconductors Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me on the call today is Rick Clemmer, NXP's President and CEO; as well as Peter Kelly, our CFO. If you've not obtained a copy of our fourth quarter 2014 earnings release, it can be found at our company website under the Investor Relations section at nxp.com. Additionally, we have posted on our Investor Relations website a supplemental earnings summary presentation and a document of our historical financials to assist in your modeling efforts. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from our corporate website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause NXP's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the macroeconomic impact on specific end markets in which we operate, the sale of new and existing products and our expectations for financial results for the first quarter of 2015. Please be reminded that NXP undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. For a full disclosure on forward-looking statements, please refer to our press release. Additionally, during our call today, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes the impact of purchase price accounting, restructuring, stock-based compensation, impairment and other charges that are driven primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to NXP's underlying core operating performance. Pursuant to Regulation G, NXP has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our fourth quarter 2014 earnings press release, which will be furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K and is available on NXP's website in the Investor Relations section at nxp.com. Before we start the call today, I'd like to highlight several investor events we will attend. On February 11, we will attend the Goldman Sachs TMT Conference in San Francisco. On February 24, we will attend the Susquehanna Corporate Access Day in New York. On March 3, we will attend the Morgan Stanley TMT Conference in San Francisco. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Rick.
Jeff Palmer: If I could just add to that, Rick. So Craig, as you know, the microcontroller business is underneath our naming convention of Secure Connected Devices, which we think can grow over a 3-year CAGR about 20% and that microcontroller business is one of the contributing factors of that kind of long-term growth.
Jeff Palmer: Yes, they're very interesting and we've discussed this directly with you, but we don't see them as being real catalysts of growth in the intermediate term.
Jeff Palmer: And when you step back and look at the automotive industry, you have to look at it more on a year-on-year basis, Steve. The in-vehicle networking was up quite nicely year-on-year mid-teens versus same quarter a year ago. So nothing to be worried about there.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think a couple of things, John. First of all, for the Standard Products team, I just think they've done an absolute outstanding job in the last year. I mean, I think they learned a lot from the first quarter blip they had, and their focus on how they manage their pricing has really been pretty impressive actually. And on top of that, they've managed to move their business away from some of the more commodity products to some of the more stickier and better-margin business, so I think a lot of kudos to the Standard Products team. In terms of HPMS, yes, it was kind of annoying where we ended up. It was really 3 things. One is pricing, most -- the big part of our pricing hits was in Q1. There was about a 1% pricing hit -- or not pricing hit, but what we agreed with customers in Q4. And then most of the rest of the decline versus Q3 was -- about 50% of it was mix and about 50% of it was new product introduction costs. And clearly, it was around our very high-ramping products. And what we want to make absolutely sure, and I think we've said this before, is we really don't -- we really want to support those products to the best level we can. We want to make sure we deliver absolute quality to our customers and that we end up being one of the stickiest of customers. So we are probably a bit conservative in terms of kind of how much cost we'll put in place to make sure these things work. But I have a lot of confidence that this will improve over the coming quarters. You see clearly from a mix perspective, you see some of it popping back in Q1. But I think the targets we set out for our HPMS business are very achievable and I'm looking for them to be up at, not in Q1, but I want them back at 29% EBIT pretty quickly.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think it's a couple of things, John. I mean, I'm not -- I don't really want to give full year guidance. But I would say -- we said at the Analyst Day that we think this can grow 10% compound annually over the next 3 years and we feel very confident that it will. It is a lumpy business, especially the kind of eGov part of it. So you do see some kind of interesting moves per quarter. I think in terms of share, and I guess there you're alluding to the banking business in particular, no, we don't see any share loss. We've seen the U.S. EMV market start to ramp in Q4. But to be honest, as we've said previously, the U.S. EMV market won't be a big revenue mover in 2015. So we feel confident on our share. We think the long-term growth prospects for this business are absolutely solid. The eGov business tends to be a little bit lumpy, but nothing has changed, really.
Peter Kelly: Well, what we said on the earnings call is we'd use all of our excess free cash flow to buy back stock. And so that -- we would return all of our excess free cash flow to our customers. And the...
Peter Kelly: Sorry, to our investors. And the way to do that at the moment is through share buybacks, and we've not changed our view on that. I guess the real answer is, Vivek, is I can buy back a significant amount of our stock in the next year without adding any debt.
Peter Kelly: Well, clearly, I'm not going to go into the full year, but it's not rocket science to get to the map that you've got. I think what we've said about returning cash to shareholders is that given where the stock is at the moment, our inclination would be to buy back stock rather than a dividend. If the stock ever got to the point where it was fully valued or overvalued, I guess we clearly would use a dividend. But before that happens, we'd probably introduce a mix of a dividend and a stock buyback, and it's difficult to say when that will happen because it requires people like yourself to help get the stock to a point where it's more reasonably valued.
Peter Kelly: I wouldn't worry too much about that, Will. It was 99%. Our IC fabs have been running pretty full for a while. To be honest, it's -- yes, Standard Products has improved in the front end, but the majority of their cost is actually in back end and in packaging. So yes, it has probably given them a little bit of a benefit, but not much. They've had to drop their utilization very, very significantly for it to have an impact on the profit.
Peter Kelly: I guess SIS, we've said, compound annually, we expect it to grow by 10% over the next 3 years. So we don't guide beyond the current quarter here.
Peter Kelly: Yes. In the Analyst Day, we said we think HPMS could run at the 29% level. And if you trim that out, it would take the, just by natural growth, it would take the company to something more like the 27% level. So I think, as you go out in time, there is the opportunity to go to 27%. We are pretty focused, though, at the moment on we want to significantly outgrow the market. We've moved the profitability of the company up to 25%. The focus on this year is to get to 26%. But yes, yes, I think there's opportunity.
Peter Kelly: Well, first of all, from an EBIT perspective, there's really no impact. We have a natural hedge. So about just over 20% of our revenue is euro denominated. And I don't have the exact number, but I think about 60% of our OpEx and some of our manufacturing cost is euro based. So overall, they offset each other. Yes, from a revenue perspective, it puts a little bit of pressure on revenue and margin, which is then offset by OpEx. But we really don't like to use currency as an excuse because overall, it does not have a big impact on us at the bottom line.
Peter Kelly: CapEx, we guide to 5% of revenue. Most of our additional revenue is supported through foundries, so the money we spend on CapEx is typically kind of maintenance-type CapEx and CapEx to test in the back end.
Richard L. Clemmer: And I think, John, that's really the important thing to remember. Our focus is on delivering EBIT results and cash flow, which we think is really what's important for shareholders. Our gross margin may bounce around based on mix and portfolio and ramping new products with specific customers, but really the key focus for us is on delivering the EBIT bottom line results.
Richard L. Clemmer: And our leadership position there is just as strong as it has been, John. There is no weakness whatsoever, and in fact, if anything, continue to be in a really solid position.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, so our product position in smartphones and tablets is pretty broad based at this point in time. In the mobile wallet specifically, we continue to be excited about the market growth as leader, clearly with the market now seeing some momentum in North America and with the rollout that Apple has on Apple Pay. But when we look at China, we see a lot of interest and a lot of excitement associated with that and clearly a lot of the volumes will be driven in China. And whether it's sourced from a U.S. or a Korean smartphone company, we think that the opportunity in China will be significant and will represent a very significant growth feature. So we will focus as we have on high-volume platforms because each one of those platforms takes quite a few number of resources to be able to support the software and ensure that it operates within the ecosystem. So we'll try to be sure that we focus our resources on the high-volume markets and the high-volume models to be able to really drive top line growth and continue to maintain our leadership, and I think that's really the best way to kind of summarize it.
Richard L. Clemmer: So we -- our 32-bit ARM-based strategy or our microcontroller strategy is really based on our 32-bit ARM-based platform as we've really driven our focus there, both in a vertical basis, focus on the sensor hub space where we have seen a significant growth, but also in the general-purpose market with the specific verticals on a broad-based industrial. And so I think our growth there, we feel very comfortable with. We think we can continue to be a significant player and we're driving that. But the growth of the microcontroller market overall has a little bit more ups and downs than some of the rest of the semiconductor market. I think we expect to continue to see strong growth in the 32-bit ARM microcontroller market and we'll participate in that on a broad basis as well as a vertical basis.
Richard L. Clemmer: That's not going to have a near-term impact. The first vehicle-to-vehicle design win that we won that we referenced a couple of quarters ago is through the 2017 model year, which will begin to ship in late 2016, but that will be relatively small volumes. There is a lot more interest from broad-based automotive companies now in the vehicle-to-vehicle side, and there's a German company that has an RFQ out now that is in a broader base of models associated with it that we're very focused on ensuring that we can be a participant in that. On the radar side, clearly, there's a market there for radar and really it's about maturing our technology and ensuring that we can deliver on the performance to be able to drive that. So again, I think the growth is out beyond the next couple of years, but we think it's a significant market opportunity for us that we can believe, develop a true leadership position.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, I think when you look at the deployment of the dual-interface cards in China, which is really the key aspect for us, it still has a long ways to go before it's fully penetrated. And then as we've talked about even after it's fully deployed, there is a replacement market that takes place for roughly 1/4 to 1/3 of that total market on an annual basis as those cards get replaced. I think the key is going from now the large banks to more of the mid-tier banks and smaller banks. But we're also excited about some of the new applications in that space relative to transits ticketing and being able to drive that. So I think the key is the combination of the transportation opportunity that we see where we announced a product a couple of months ago, working with OPPO and actually the Chinese government where it will be rolled out in 26 cities across China on the transportation side. So the combination of the eGovernment opportunities as well as the transportation beyond just the credit card opportunity or dual interface is really what gives us the confidence in the growth for the full year.
Richard L. Clemmer: First off, thanks for the thanks, it's a first. I think the real advantage that we have is bringing the overall complete solution. So where we really perform well is when there's a secure element involved for a true secure mobile payment. Somebody that wants to use an NFC radio just for another communication vehicle without the security associated with the secure element is really not where we're focused. So there's a lot of people that talk about applications that they don't believe require security. Part of that's driven by the carriers in the U.S. who've really refused to let anyone other than Apple implement a wallet with a secure element. So again, our focus will be in those areas where we believe there is an opportunity to bring our unique expertise from an ecosystem viewpoint, whether we can leverage the banking relationships we have to be able to drive the mobile transactions. We think that beyond what's taking place in North America today, the China opportunity will continue to be significant. And so when we deal with our customers, we'll be more focused on that China segment than focused on other regions of the world where they're still in the early phases of really thinking about what to do with the mobile wallet itself. And so you'll see us continue to focus on that with our customers and be sure that we don't try to focus on a broad basis on NFC because, again, where we bring a unique basis is with our solution know-how and the secure element that can make that much more unique.
Richard L. Clemmer: I would say we're getting pretty caught up associated with it. The shortages that we had roughly a year ago have, I think, kind of have been tempered somewhat. The advantage for us is that because of the requirements from the marketplace, we were entering -- able to enter into some long-term arrangements with a number of our customers, which should bode well for the next few quarters in being able to continue to drive growth. The one thing for us is we haven't been quite as focused on the China ramp in LTE, but have been really focused on a broader basis associated with it. And so I think that's really the key, is our focus on really the rest of the world, Europe and Middle East and Africa, as it turns out with the design wins we've had, and less focus on the China rollout itself.
Richard L. Clemmer: In 2015, they won't represent a significant factor in growth associated with it. And you talked about vehicle-to-vehicle, which we may have discussed while you dropped off there, Will. But we -- the first design win we've seen is for the 2017 model year with shipments beginning in late 2016. The one thing that we have seen is one of the German automotive companies is actually looking at a much more broad-based rollout associated with that. It's actually in the RFQ process at the current time frame. So there is some traction in the ramp-up associated with it, but it's still out in late '16 and 2017, not really going to have any material impact on the next year or so.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think there's a lot of discussion about it, but frankly, it's a very solid business with a broad array of portfolio that we feel good about, and as Peter talked about, driving significant growth over the next 3-year period of time. And I think that's one of the advantages of NXP is the broad base of our product portfolio, so that not all segments have to be faring perfectly at any one time for us to be able to still significantly outgrow the market and gives us a real advantage in being able to drive the top line revenue growth.
Richard L. Clemmer: But the key is our revenue would have been better in the current quarter if we wouldn't have seen the pressure on the euro. So it does have an impact on our top line, which we really haven't talked about because I think it's important that we basically reflect the overall growth of the company. And as Peter said, we have kind of a natural hedge in place on the bottom line results.
Richard L. Clemmer: Thanks, Ross. I think the market is still kind of where it's been for the last few years. As I talk to our customers and certainly our distribution partners, no one sees a robust uptick, but no one really sees a decline that's not just more of a typical seasonal basis. So I think where we're at is, for the general health of the industry, we kind of see a mid-single-digit growth, which is kind of where it has been, not really something that's significantly up or down from that. Clearly, the questions on the overall economy in China coming to bear associated with it, concern over the European economy, positives relative to the U.S. economy. But when you wash all of it out, it's kind of steady as she goes, kind of mid-single-digit growth fundamentally. And really the key is really being able to have the design wins to be able to differentiate yourselves versus the overall market, which we've been very fortunate in accomplishing over the last few years and think we can continue to do that.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think that's a really good point. As more and more electronics are added to the car, obviously you have to be able to communicate from those electronics to the individual node -- in-nodes and so the transceiver requirements associated with in-vehicle networking are key. What we saw in Q4 was just a normal seasonal basis. It wasn't really any indication of any strength or weakness. It was just more of a normal seasonal basis. But we are -- we do believe that we can continue to maintain our leadership in in-vehicle networking, and clearly, with the ever-increasing electronics content in the car, driving that overall market faster than just the automotive industry itself.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, we've talked about that basically every major car that's manufactured in the world, with the exception of the Toyota in Japan and frankly a few models from Europe, but basically all of the rest of the car manufacturing uses our technology associated with the remote keyless entry. The key for us is continuing to add intelligence associated with it and seeing the inherent growth that's driven from that. As Kurt went through at our Investor Day, the opportunity to go from the original implementation, which was under $1 per key, to several dollars to, in the most advanced cars, being double-digit dollars associated with our content really representing a significant opportunity for us.
Richard L. Clemmer: We would certainly hope that 2.3 months is not the new norm. Clearly, in Q4 -- in the previous quarter we had shipped into the channel to be prepared for the ramp in Q4 in manufacturing. And with that then being shipped out in Q4, solid decline in the inventory from the 2.6 months that we were in Q3 down to the 2.3 months in Q4. We clearly would like for it to be closer to the 2.6 level. In some of our Standard Products, we'd like for it to be up closer to 3. I mean, one of the key advantages of the distribution partners is being able to maintain that inventory to be able to serve the market in a much more rigorous basis. So with the margins that they give, we'd like for them to be in a position to carry that inventory and then Standard Products closer to 3 months, but overall kind of in the 2.5, 2.6-month level, maybe a little bit above that is where we'd like to be. So I don't think it's a new norm. There's always a pull from the largest U.S.-based distributors for their turns and earns, which will try to keep inventory low. And we'll be trying to make it more reasonable so that they earn the profits that they're getting associated with it. So that's kind of natural. But I would not anticipate the 2.3 months of inventory to be the new norm. I think it'll continue to fluctuate around. It has been fairly consistent at 2.5 to 2.6 months for most periods over the last couple of years except for, I guess, a couple of quarters, and so we would anticipate that it would go back up to the 2.5 to 2.6 months.
Richard L. Clemmer: So I think from a pure point-of-sales basis, which, by the way, we happen to have a very significant market share, we're roughly 80% of the market associated with that segment, we do see a growth in the contactless terminal side. So I think in the U.S., we do see that from a customer base. Clearly, as that has been rolled out, there's a broader acceptance. We'll see more of that taking place in the U.S. I think one of the areas that we continue to be very excited about is China where we see contactless really being very significant and where we want to participate, not only on the mobile wallet side in the high-end smartphones, but also in the contactless side from a banking basis as we've talked about bank cards being dual interface in China, representing that convenience that comes with the contactless use. Our point-of-sale terminals, just as a reference, was up 18% year-over-year. So a very healthy growth and we believe that, that continues to be a contributor as we go forward to the opportunity and our ability to outgrow the market. So thanks a lot for your continued interest and support of NXP. In closing, we believe our results in 2014 continue to demonstrate measurable and consistent execution of our long-term strategy. The key messages today were growth. Our growth in 2014, growing revenue by 17% to $5.5 billion, clearly being driven by our HPMS business, which delivered significant growth of 19% year-over-year. Our profitability, which improved operating profit margin dollars to $1.4 billion, up 26% year-on-year. Overall, we continue to make good progress towards our long-term HPMS profitability goals. Cash generation. 2014 was a key year for NXP, generating free cash flow of $1.1 billion, up 68% year-on-year. And the ability to facilitate our capital returns where we returned $1.4 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases. So in total, we believe we are well positioned to deliver our long-term strategy, and really want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued support. Thanks a lot.
