Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, John. Good morning. First of all a lot of good questions, but let me maybe stop with saying, because it really holds for both for auto and industrial IoT that indeed it all looks like that Q2 was the trough, and now we are moving up from here. And the moving up is indeed a mix of company-specific growth in both segments, by the way, in auto and in industrial IoT and obviously also a recovery of the market. In industrial and IoT, very, very clearly, the – and I think we did also a press release on this. The WiFi is fixed portfolio from Marvell, which we launched in April is actually helping. We have also now successfully integrated the WiFi portfolio into our microcontroller and applications processor software development kits, which makes it really easy for customers. So yes, we do see early traction from that combination. So it is a factor in the continued very nice growth in industrial IOT. Clearly, industrial IoT has another strong sector, which is China. So the good growth in Q2 in industrial and IoT has been carried largely from a Chinese footprint perspective. And that also continues into Q3. Now in auto, things are a little bit different. In auto, clearly, Q2 was completely abnormal since we had these factory shutdowns, specifically from the OEMs in Europe and the U.S. And as we explained in the last call, we really wanted to make sure that we wouldn't create too much excess inventory at our customers, not only at distribution, but also at the direct customers. And that's actually the reason why the business has decreased more than we would have anticipated, but we just didn't want to follow any excess inventory building. But now this is nicely returning. So we see pretty good momentum in auto actually into Q3. And it is indeed a mix between OEMs and Tier 1s getting back to production. So we assume that by the end of Q3, production levels across the world in automotive should be back to 80% of the pre pandemic period. So that's a pretty solid return through Q3. But it's also that RADAR and our cluster business just gets steam again with new design wins, which are taking traction.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Vivek, let me, first of all, comment to the current quarters, I would say, so the past two quarters and the next quarter. That is actually all pretty much in check. So according to IHS, the car production in Q1 was down year-on-year, 22%. Our business was only down 4%. In Q2, car production according to IHS was down year-on-year, 45%. We were down as at just around 35%. So we've been doing really a lot better in these first two quarters. Now I don't claim this is all market share gains or something, but part of this is indeed some inventory they've been building in the first half, like always, which will come down in the second half. But actually not too much, which is why I think latest mid through end Q3, we should be totally in balance again, such that the 80% car production at the end of Q3 is – I think that has a reasonable hit with our revenues. If you think about the fact that in Q1 and Q2, we've actually grown well, well ahead of the car production. Now a little bit more bigger picture, Vivek. So first of all, yes, I definitely believe the algorithm, which we've spoken about, that the semiconductor auto market should be like 3% to 4% ahead of SAR. We think that absolutely holds, also through this pandemic and out of the pandemic. And our target to outgrow that by 1.5 times also stands. Now I don't know what the car production next year is exactly going to do. IHS actually, I think there's something like, I think, 13% or 14% growth. And yes, with the algorithm, Vivek, we should be then nicely growing ahead of this in our business. So it doesn't work by the quarter, but over a year or year or two, it absolutely stands. And I mean I also haven't – I haven't really seen a lot of massive platform delays or something. So I believe the new wins we have in our growth areas are all-in tax and also come on time. So I have, say, a relatively solid portion of optimism when I think about automotive for the second half of this year, but then certainly going into next year.
Kurt Sievers: So it's certainly a large and important segment, but I mean the relative size to the others, obviously, in this abnormal period. It's really every quarter. So I mean it's kind of – Q2 certainly wasn't a normal quarter from a revenue's perspective. But anyhow, going forward, clearly the 5G deployment is a key factor. But not everything is shiny, Vivek, to be fair. So the one thing is that, clearly, you know there is one large Chinese company, which is a big carrier of the Chinese deployments. And nobody really knows what the export control regulations will do relative to this customer. So I mean, that's at least one factor on the horizon, where we always have to be a bit, say, cautious instead of being overly optimistic. And the other one is that more recently, the – we are working on our gallium nitride product, as you know, which has higher output powers, which is actually very, very attractive across the customer base. The only issue is that we are late relative to the demand. So I wish we had a faster expansion of our capacity. So we have a little bit of a delay here against the demand, which causes us, I'd say, some delay against the opportunity. But overall, I'm absolutely with you. We have a very, very strong position here across LDMOS all the way through gallium nitride to silicon germanium in that space. But the market But the market is bumpy. It has always been bumpy. It remains bumpy for the factors I've just quoted.
Kurt Sievers: Well typically Stacy good morning. Clearly the only guide the next score and that next quarter is a 10% sequential growth. And yes I made this statement. So what I would say is we see no reason why Q4 should not be growing over three. And the one I would call out, which is probably pulling this the most is going to be automotive.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. That's a good question, indeed, because I believe, especially in the current environment, this is a – is a very, very important part of the controls, which we can execute on our business. And the distribution inventory is indeed the most relevant factor in our industry and IoT business, because a large portion of that business is actually going through distribution. And as we've spoken about a lot of times we remain super disciplined on the 2.5 months, actually we had a score again of 2.4 months of inventory in the last quarter. And I think I said in my prepared remarks that we could have shipped 145 million more in this, in this last quarter. And a solid part of this would probably have been in Industrial and IoT. And this is our way to make sure that we don't over ship into this market. So my do anything we can see, which I know I say through the distribution controls on the, on the inventory, which we have enhanced, we have a pretty good handle on this. There isn't that much direct business and industrial
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks, Craig. That's I'm glad you are asking. I definitely believe we are very, very much on track with building the ecosystem in, in neutral wipe, across mobile and auto. And I think we have kind of signposted now for a year already that this year in 2020, we would get started in a more material way in Mobile. And that is indeed one of the factors which is driving our sequential growth in mobile in Q3. And I mean, let me say that much. It's a, it's a flagship product in a, in an Android space company, which is ramping with our ultra-wideband. So from a revenue and unit perspective, clearly Mobile is now outpacing automotive to start with, but that it's been planned that way because we first have to roll out the mobile ecosystem and then the secure car access – mobile secure car access application is going to follow in the next year. We are shipping already a very small amount of ultra-wideband into automotive today, but it's still coming in the more conventional or traditional form factor of a key. So it's a more secure of doing car access. But with android now going out in a larger scale in mobile, we will have – and we'll see this also with auto OEMs next year in car races.
Kurt Sievers: Peter or Jeff, you – I think you can dissect the at least in a very rough way, the Marvell from our original industrial business. But let me first of all say, Craig, it is really the combination, which makes the difference. Because we do leverage our leading position in apps processes and LCUs to pull-through the connectivity; so it becomes more and more difficult actually to talk about the two things in a separate way because they are just getting more and more combined going forward.
Kurt Sievers: Hey Ross, good morning. Let me take the more strategic perspective first, I think competitors who you are quoting, who will tell you the exact opposite, have a different business model. This is more about catalog product companies. They're the majority of our product is really application and or customer deal specific, which means in our case we just don't need to hold more inventory because we have a fairly good visibility into the specific applications at our customers and the associated run rates. So we continue to believe that the 2.5 months of inventory and distribution is about the right number for us and we are very, very sure we will not miss a bear or not miss any uptick by following that strategy. Now, Peter, maybe over to you relative to the hundred or better we are facing in Q3.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, thanks, Will. Absolutely, and by the way, by not mentioning them, doesn't mean that they don't do what they should do. So the Battery Management is actually very, very nicely on track, especially this year. Since in the meantime, I think, it's fair to say it all looks like that the pandemic as unfortunate as it is, but it seems to further push the share of electrification. So just from a run rate perspective, from a new model launch perspective, it all looks like that electric drive trains are benefiting from the pandemic over the next period of time. And given our very, very strong position with the leading European OEM as you know, and I would say very nicely growing position in – with a lot of different customers in, especially in China, we enjoying that very much. So I'd say very much on track. I was actually surprised you didn't ask one question in that context, which is the combination of ADI and Maxim as a competitor. But let me just mention it here, because it all looks like that our superior value proposition of a system approach, including the micro, is again something which is matched by that deal as it looks to us. So very nicely on track. The other one you mentioned is the S32G. So that's the 16 FinFET-based gateway processor, on track, launching and ramping in production next year. I just have to hold your horses a little bit. Very likely in the next, maybe three or four months, we are going to come out with a press release with a pretty prominent customer which is going to give you then further evidence there and in which model and with which volume this solution is going to ramp. I mean, it's a much broader basis, but there is one very prominent one, which I hope we can actually announce in the coming period.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Thanks for the question. Great question. Indeed, we also see and believe we are outgrowing. And indeed, this is very much about content and attachment rates rather than mobile unit run rates. The two key drivers for growth going into the third quarter and the second half in Mobile is indeed ultra-wideband, as I briefly mentioned before. But it's also inside the mobile wallet with one of our very leading customers in that space, we have actually a change of the system architecture. And that change impacts the Silicon dollar content, which we are shipping into the solution. It's actually nicely growing with a change. So the growth, the sequential growth, which you are seeing is the new additional of untra-wideband, and it is a higher content of silicon in the mobile wallet. And thirdly, it is the attach rate of mobile wallet per se, which is going up. And that was the other part of your question. So the mobile wallet attach rates are on track to the 50% mark in the next year. And maybe a little bit more anecdotally at this point, but it feels to us that the pandemic is giving also a boost to contactless payments in those countries on the globe, where there has been a much lower attachment rate so far because people haven't really accepted it yet. So it is actually another one which seems to be a little bit early to make that call too firm, but they seem to be also helped by the by the pandemic. So three drivers in mobile, higher silicon content in the solution for the mobile wallet, the attach rate of the wallet going up, and thirdly, ultra wide bands.
Kurt Sievers: It keeps being a door opener very clearly, so we are seen as a European company, we are a European company and in doing business with China. And that is it's definitely a positive lever into engagements. So as you said, I mean, even in fast moving market design wins takes time, but it is clearly a positive for us. Yes.
Kurt Sievers: Hi, Tom, great question. I think ultra-wideband across ecosystems is very, very much of a deep system play. So it is not about this one, RFIC, it is actually about the combination of the RFIC as secure elements. So in all the applications, which we are starting to ship now, it always comes together with a hardware secure element and the associated software. So that's a triangle combination of software, hardware, secure elements and RFIC. That is actually what gives us the differentiation and which, I believe, is also a pretty high hurdle for competitors.  So if you only look at this from an RFIC perspective, it's probably not such a big deal over many years to make a competitive product. But for the whole solution to be shipped, it's a big deal. And that's where we have to lead.
Kurt Sievers: Yes. Yes, clearly on Q2, China was a big factor across the board. And that's simply because the pandemic – I mean, it has had like a phased shift. So China has seen the biggest impact from the pandemic in Q1 already and then a pretty good recovery in Q2, while Europe and the U.S. have been essentially shutdown for the earlier part of Q2. Now, if you go into Q3, it is actually more broad based. So the auto recovery, for example, the 20% quarter-on-quarter, that's not just China. I mean, this is really across the Board. So we do see auto recovery, especially I would say, from a sequential perspective in U.S., in Europe and also starting in Japan, because those are the places where the shutdowns were in Q2.
Kurt Sievers: Well, we get down to 100 in Q3 trying to get to 95. So it's at these utilization levels, assuming revenue is okay, it's pretty easy at this point to get down to 95.
Kurt Sievers: Yes, thanks Jeff. So let me thank everybody for your attention today. I think it's indeed a good moment now, because it all looks like that Q2 was the trough. We do see growth going forward across our businesses, across the regions. And I feel good about this because it is clearly a mix of recovery of the markets, but at the same time playing out of our company specific drivers, which is most important for us to win market share going forward. At the same time, we still treat this very cautiously which means from a OpEx spend perspective, from an inventory perspective, from all the factors which are under our direct control, we're going to stay very, very vigilant as we've done over the past period. And with that, I thank you all and speak to you next time. Thank you.
Peter Kelly: Okay. Several questions there. So first of all, utilization in Q3 is about – on average, about 400 basis points lower than Q2. So clearly, that has an impact. I'm trying to take about to go from 120 days to 130 days, I think it's about, I don't know, $70 million of inventory out of the system. So one of the reasons utilization is down is we're inshipping from inventory to keep it under control. We do have this – so I – sorry, utilization is running about, I think, about 50%, maybe a little bit less. We do have this rule – accounting rule that when – and it's a little bit complicated because we do it by factory, and its six months trailing utilization. But when utilization is below 70%, we accelerate the fixed cost right now. So both Q2 and Q3 suffer from an accelerated fixed cost write-down in that you don't carry it forward through inventory. But on the other hand, assuming Q4 is okay and utilization starts to come up a little bit even if it doesn't get to the 70% level, which you probably won't. We'd expect to see some small benefit. And as time goes on, we'll be able to put more and more of the fixed costs into inventory. So typically, utilization in the current quarter impacts the next quarter. But in the current environment, because utilization is so low, you take a hit, not all of it, but you take most of it in the current quarter.
Peter Kelly: Yes. Kurt, I guess, I'll take that. So Craig, as you know, we're not going to break out Marvell individually every quarter. But I will say in Q2, the Marvell WiFi business was a not quite a double-digit percentage of the overall industrial business, but it was a very high kind of single, low double-digit percentage of the overall industrial and IoT business. Just within that one end market, but we're not going to break out Marvell in aggregate.
Peter Kelly: And just to add a little bit to that, Ross. We'll ship the $150 million when the distributors start shipping their product to their end customers. And at the moment, the reason we don't ship the $150 million is that they order more than they can ship. And we're not willing to let them have more than 2.5 months, because we have pretty sophisticated models by type of product. In terms of the internal inventory, our goal is to go down to 95 days. Utilization will start to increase when revenue starts to increase. So on flat revenue, flat utilized – flat revenue, flat inventory, you'd see utilization be relatively flat. Flat inventory, increasing revenue, you'd see utilization start to increase. So it's pretty straightforward. It's all about the more we ship, the better the utilization gets.
Peter Kelly: Do we don't say that. What we do – what we've said is we have a model that we think is reasonable of a 5% change in revenue gives you about 200 basis points of margin. That sort of gives you a 100 basis points of margin, but that's the kind of plus or minus the $2.3 billion level. There's a couple of other things that go on. Our fixed costs at that level are about 35%. So if you do the math, that's about, I don't know, $400 million, maybe a little bit more million dollars a quarter. So at a much lower level of revenue, your fixed costs are higher. So you do get some higher fall throughs at very, very low levels, both directions. But you have to be able to do the calculation that’s certainly not relatable.
Peter Kelly: Well I mean it’s a great question, okay. So up to 70% we'd expect – until utilization is 70%, any improvement in utilization will kind of benefit is in the current – won't benefit us really in the current quarter. You see a big benefit once you go to 70%, because you start to carry some of the fixed costs forward. But it's still by factory so it's kind of hard to give you a real line when we're operating the way we are at the moment.
Peter Kelly: Yes, I'd say if I had to pick two for the second half then it's probably the automotive radar and the wireless connectivity.
Peter Kelly: Yes, to be honest, irrespective of the COVID crisis, I would have gone out and taken that debt anyway, because it's to pay down the 2021. It's about $1.4 billion note. So in the coming months when we think it's the right time, we'll pay it down. But it was always planned to use it for that and a little bit of the 2022. So that's what we'll use it for, yes. 
Peter Kelly: We will restart the buyback when we get to a ratio of two times net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA. So we run 2.2. In Q2, we'll be on a 2.3, 2.4 in Q3. So it's going to be a while before we see the buybacks restart again. But it's when our net debt levels will return to two times. 
