Jeff Palmer: Thank you, Sonia, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NXP Semiconductors Second Quarter 2013 earnings call. With me on the call today is Rick Clemmer, NXP's President and CEO; and Peter Kelly, our CFO. If you've not obtained a copy of our second quarter 2013 earnings press release, it can be found in our company website under the Investor Relations section at nxp.com. Additionally, we have posted on our Investor Relations website a supplemental earnings summary presentation and a document of our historical financials to assist in your modeling efforts. This call is being recorded today, and will be available for replay from our corporate website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause NXP's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the macroeconomic impact on the specific end markets in which we operate, the sale of new and existing products and our expectations for financial results for the third quarter of 2013. Please be reminded that NXP undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. For a disclosure on forward-looking statements, please refer to our press release. Additionally, during our call today, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the impact of purchase price accounting, restructuring, stock-based compensation, impairment and other charges that are driven primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to NXP's underlying core operating performance. Pursuant to Regulation G, NXP has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our second quarter 2013 press release, which will be furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K and is available on NXP's website in the Investor Relations section at nxp.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to highlight our attendance at the following upcoming investor conferences during the third quarter. We'll be at the Jeffries 2013 Corporate Assets Summit on August 28 in Chicago. We'll be attending the Deutsche Bank 2013 CMT conference on September 10 in Las Vegas. Now I'd like to turn the conference call over to Rick.
Jeff Palmer: Yes, Vivek, this is Jeff. As you know, our view of seasonality is, there's no real magic here. When you look at our backward looking revenue that we posted, we take a median value over the past 3 years. And if you look at INI in the last number of years, it's stronger in Q2 and in Q3, a little weaker in Q4, but not substantial. So I don't think if there's anything magical we can give you insight, in terms of seasonality on that.
Jeff Palmer: And Steve, I'm just going add to that, to Rick's comment, is if you look for proof points in Rick's prepared remarks, we talked about being awarded over 300 SKUs, which go across the handset and other consumer products. So I think, companies are looking at who has the best technology from a security perspective, what companies have the best radio performance, who has the best interoperability, and I think they're coming back to NXP and our design win momentum continues to reflect that.
Richard L. Clemmer: It's a combination of things, John. So I think it's safe to say that we feel comfortable about the guidance for Q3, with the combination of P&C and INI. I think it's also important to point out that some operational issues we talked about over the last couple of quarters in GA, we have seen improvement. The actual financial improvement results is delayed a quarter, as you know, from our PII implication. So it doesn't actually show up in the bottom line results in the quarter as that performance improvement takes place.
Richard L. Clemmer: So we've been rather cautious in setting expectations specifically in our high-performance RF area, based on the ups and downs and the lack of predictability associated with those demands. What we see is that definitely some of the customers are beginning to prepare with some initial orders, to ensure that they can meet the requirements of the ramp up. But when that actually gets shipped is very inconsistent, to say the best, over a period of time. So we still plan that business fairly conservatively. And we're not counting on huge upticks immediately based on that. But based on the demand that we see from our customers, we feel comfortable associated with the outlook that we're talking about.
Richard L. Clemmer: No, I don't think so. I think, we're seeing a little bit of the pricing kind of, like we did last year, in Standard Products, where we saw the -- per significant decline in Q1, and then a little more stabilization, we were a little bit gun shy about where we would see that this year, but I think we've seen some of that more stabilization in Q2 or at least starting by the middle of Q2, I would say. So no, I think that we feel pretty comfortable relative to the guidance that we've given out, associated with Standard Products.
Richard L. Clemmer: And now, by the way, the performance associated is well above all the competitors in that space, and even the performance that we demonstrated with the weakness associated with it, still [indiscernible] that one of the best performing Standard Products business in the industry.
Richard L. Clemmer: Absolutely. I mean, what we've talked about all along, is that we're trying to drive bottom-line EBIT result, that deliver cash below free cash flow for the business. And we've said that we have ups and takes on product mix, on gross margin, and really, the key focus should be driving the bottom line EBIT results, which is what we're focused on, and what we're driving associated with it. So looking at the OpEx and the gross margin, our indicators about how we're going to get to that, but the bottom line is, we're very focused on driving the 26% EBIT, and being able to continue to make progress associated with that. It will continue to generate the significant free cash flow that will generate, going forward, that will continue to pay down our debt and be very accretive on an earnings basis. When you look at the backward earnings since our IPO, we've had about a 56% compounded growth in earnings. And you look at the opportunity to continue to drive well above anybody else in the industry, forward earnings growth.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, so we're still very excited about our Authentication business. Like, any time you have a new business, it's fundamentally a new core technology. It takes, either it will be faster or slower than what you planned, relative to the ramp up associated with it. While we're really encouraged on some of the activities that we have going on in cybersecurity, some of the opportunities to provide a more secure solution in access to the cloud did -- would not require the -- are that would be much more powerful than the current password protection that we all use, and some of the opportunities for authentication on products, we still are just as encouraged about the opportunities there. And in fact, to see it as maybe even larger than we did 3 or 4 quarters ago. But the ramp up, specifically associated with some of those programs, is not quite as rapid as we had originally envisioned. But no real indication of anything. And in fact, we think the strength we have, the unique security expertise that we bring, is still well-positioned to be able to provide a secure access to the cloud. Authenticating your access to the cloud will be a major factor in cybersecurity protection.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, I think that, clearly in Asia, I think there's a little less inventory, it's obviously, different levels by each one of our distribution partners, and some less, and some more. But I think there's probably a lower level of inventory, more on the Asian side, than the rest of the world. And that's clearly one of the areas that we're trying to work with our distribution partners on getting to the appropriate level of inventory, to be able to support the decrease in future demand that we see growing up. And I should be very specific, probably, our revenue guidance at the midpoint doesn't have a lot of increase in distribution inventory reflected in that. Although it would have a little bit of an increase in the low level that we ran in the most recent quarters, the 2.2 months in the high end of the range of revenue.
Richard L. Clemmer: No, I think that's a good point, I mean you got to remember that all of our Automotive customers basically is a vendor-managed inventory, which is owned slight [ph] for them, so as far as they're concerned, that's at a very reasonable level. As we look at supporting the smartphone and tablet customers, that's very hand to mouth, associated with it. I guess, the one area that we've been ramping, and was a significant ramp of our revenue in Q2 was specifically associated with the contact with banking to support China. There clearly -- better ramp of the pipeline associated with it. And at some point in time, we'll see that come to more of a normalized run rate associated with it. But that's the only area at all where I think there was really a huge supply chain, we're calling it, not replenishment, but establishment, and that kind of gets lost a little bit in the rounding, but it's a factor in the guidance that we set for our ID business, which is down slightly for Q3 on a sequential basis.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, so MIFARE could be in the form of licensing, it could be in the form of shipment, so it would be in the form of both, I think that the fact that there is excitement about the usage of smartphones is a key factor. So we could deliver that in either way. I think the key thing for us in the mobile wallet is, we had seen the integrative radio be pushed out in time. And with our next-generation of product, that we're just beginning to ship, we see increased performance associated with that, so that we see the potential for discrete solution to potentially have longer life than we would have anticipated a year or so ago. And with that, with the increased technology that we have in this next generation of products, bringing a better consumer use and improved levels of security, we think is really key associated with that. So even though the consolidation of the radio is ultimately going to take place in the connectivity chip, we see the opportunity for us to continue to play in the mobile wallet space in a significant fashion, as we go forward for the next year, 1.5 years. Certainly, the next 6 to 8 quarters.
Richard L. Clemmer: And this is all about the security side, and it's about the ability to deliver that bulletproof security and that's where we think we do the best.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, I think as we set the guidance, it's a reflection of 2 things, #1, as I've talked about, the pipeline that we've been filling up significantly, in the China contact was thinking, at some point in time, we'll see that ease off a little bit, Ross, to go to a steady run-rate as we get that supply-chain really filled. But to be fair, there are some of individual government programs that had pushed out in time, and is reflected, as governments looking where they're spending their dollars, so we still see the same opportunity for electronic passports, electronic ID cards that it's may be pushed out a little bit in time. And that's reflected in our view as well. So I think it's a combination of all of those, that says, we're going to be slightly down in Q3 timeframe. But still, feel very comfortable with the double-digit growth for that business as we look forward, Ross.
Richard L. Clemmer: Well, Harlan, as you and I both know, there's no guarantees associated with that, because that's up to a negotiation process associated with it. I think the fact is, is that we've been investing in this area, and driving this for an extended period of time. We have Wall Streets in place, taking place. So we are very optimistic about the ability to drive the income from the intellectual property side. But to be fair, things can happen with core systems, et cetera. But I think we have all of the actions laid out to be able to accomplish that, and we just have to be sure that we follow through, and we're able to execute within the boundaries of the core systems and the negotiations with the third parties to be able to support that, but we're very confident, associated with it.
Richard L. Clemmer: So it's broad-based. I think it's as we've said before, we now are the technology provider of choice for 27 of the 28, near the high-end car radios associated with it. So I would say that our technology has really become the technology solution of choice in those mid and high end car radios. And this is really the ramp-up of 2 or 3 of those design wins that we had won, a couple of years ago, that we're seeing the shipments associated with moving forward. So we continue to make great progress in that area. But the position we have there is extremely solid, and we'll continue to grow our revenue. And it's one of the reasons that allowed us to become the #1 semiconductor supplier shipping into China in 2012, with the recent industry reports that came out.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, I think it's very clear that we have our goal to be able to achieve the low 2x annualized EBITDA from a debt position. And then what we've said is, is we're going to do whatever we believe is in the best interest of our shareholders in driving additional shareholder value.
Richard L. Clemmer: We still have discussions, and are supporting that process. I know that the credit card companies had set specific metrics or they will raise the fees that they charge, if there's not the PIN and chip implementation. So I think the key factor that takes effect is, if you look at the implementation in Europe with the PIN chip, the fraud rates are in order of magnitude below what they are in the U.S., where there's just the magnetic strip associated with it. So I think there's going to be -- continue to be an effort, probably the most near term will be associated with Canada, but pretty rapidly followed by North America. So we continue to see an opportunity, that's out over the next few years, not the next few quarters, to be quite fair, associated with it. But it's still a strong growth opportunity associated with our ID business.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes, I mean our -- what we've said is, is it should be able to create basically 100 bps of our margin enhancement, and we feel pretty good about the ability to be able to accomplish that for Q4 as well as 2014.
Richard L. Clemmer: I think [indiscernible] because our dollars were flat quarter-to-quarter, our reduction from 2.4 to 2.2 months of inventory was basically as a result of the numerator increasing. So they weren't able to put inventory in place at a sufficient run rate to be able to maintain inventory levels that we think would be appropriate.
Richard L. Clemmer: So you know it's really mixed, to be fair. Because a lead time is, it's hard to have a blanket lead time associated with it, with lead times that vary across the board. I would say that we did see some areas where lead times edged up a little bit. But not anything that would be a significant material change.
Richard L. Clemmer: Yes. Thanks a lot for your interest. We're very pleased with the performance that we delivered in Q2. The ability to continue to drive double-digit growth in revenue and make good, solid bottom-line profits. And with our HPMS business now performing within our operating income model that we've established, it gives us the confidence and the ability to point to actual results to demonstrate the value of the strategy that we put in place. As we look forward, we continue to be very optimistic about continuing to drive significant EPS growth and outgrowing market from a top line revenue. So thanks a lot for your interest, and we appreciate your support.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think there's, kind of 2 sides of it, John, on gross margin, we highlighted the 3 general areas, we were working -- we're very, very confident in the way they are progressing. So I'm very comfortable with that. I do think Standard Products will recover. And you'll note, our gross margin guidance for the quarter is kind of 46% to 47% on the range. So I think a small pickup in Standard Products were delivering on the gross margin programs. And OpEx -- I'll be very honest, a lot depends on the mix. My assumption is, has been around 50% gross margin and 24% OpEx. If we were really dependent on the revenue mix, you could have a slightly weaker margin, maybe 49% and a bp, but if that happened, then OpEx would naturally be lower as well. But it's hard to say at this point. Q4 is still a long way away. But I'm quietly confident at that 26% there.
Peter Kelly: There's one thing to remind you also, remember, in our business model, the effects of improved utilization are seen 1 quarter afterwards. So as you saw in our results, utilization did go up in Q2, which is primarily in the Standard Products area. The effects of that will flow through the P&L and we've seen in Q3 and beyond. So if the issues that we had in our manufacturing facility are largely behind us, and the utilization's improving, we feel very confident in Standard Products getting back to where it's operated in the past.
Peter Kelly: Well I guess, first of all, I do believe we can get the $4 EPS. And the bridge is pretty simple, Jim, you just have to get to 26% EBIT.
Peter Kelly: You come in here, you can work out the math, it's pretty straightforward. The key thing for us as a company, is generate 26% EBIT. We're already starting to throw out lots of cash, we'll throw out even more cash, interest rate -- interest costs come down pretty dramatically. And you get the full dollars pretty fast. So, I mean, of anything, can feel more confident now than I did last September.
Peter Kelly: Yes, I remember our conversation well, Jim. And I think we have a choice between significant revenue growth in excess of what the market sees, and 26% EBIT. I'll take that every time, as opposed to 28%, 29%, 30% and very low revenue growth. So we think a high revenue growth business with 26% EBIT would just drive massive value to our shareholders.
Peter Kelly: And Mark -- just to reiterate Mark's question, no share loss, at least this is really just a slower take off of a new business for us.
Peter Kelly: No, what we talked about previously, Chris, is there's 3 big programs we're working on. One's related to our wafer pricing. I mean, not literally just pricing, but some costs associated with wafers and other parties associated with basic blocking and tackling, including gold to copper conversions and the like. And the third relates to our IP portfolio. Clearly, there is a benefit from Q3 to Q4 -- sorry, Q2 to Q3 on utilization. But I would not expect a significant benefit from Q3 to Q4 on utilization.
Peter Kelly: I guess, a couple of things. On distribution, I think one of the things with distribution, when you're growing as rapidly as we are, it's sometimes not easy to keep the channel to stop those the way you would like. So we would see some movements from quarter-to-quarter. I don't think we are seeing the, and maybe Rick would like to comment, I don't think we're really seeing the channel or end customers having too much or too little inventory at this point in time, it seems it's pretty balanced.
Peter Kelly: Well, I guess a couple of things. Obviously, guiding 44 for the next quarter, I would say 4x that number would be lower than 1 85. But the direction is definitely lower, Ross, with -- in the middle of looking at our 2014 forecast. So it's difficult to say at this point exactly how much lower. We have one big chunk of debt we're really interested in, the 9 3/4, but it's, the breakage cost on that is just so, so high, it doesn't make sense right now. I'm sure we'll go after that early in 2014 and that help us on the interest comp result.
Peter Kelly: Well, I think, what we said is, once we get to 2x trailing 12-month EBITDA, we'll review our options and do whatever is best for our shareholders. I mean, clearly, we believe that the current stock price were significantly undervalued. So Rick might shoot me for saying this, but I think if we get to the end of the year and our stock price is still $33, my guess, is it would make a lot more sense for shareholders to buy back stock than continue paying down debt. But I think we need to get there first, and then decide what we do.
Peter Kelly: Well, I didn't say. And to be honest, I didn't really -- I'm not into guiding the fourth quarter. What I'm saying is that, we expect we'll deliver 26% EBIT. But I don't want to get into how much is revenue, how much is margin and how much is OpEx at this point in time, we normally only give you a 1 quarter view.
