Peter Kelly: Let me do the Standard Products question first, I guess the move from Q4 to Q1, it's a relatively small jump from a revenue perspective, we're just talking about a few million dollars there really. I don't think that indicates anything in terms of a major change in the economic downturn.
Peter Kelly: We'd like to say - I would say two things. One is in Q4 specifically our Standard Products business was hit by some one-off costs. So, that will help the Standard Products business in Q1. Mix is certainly a factor, we've also talked about some of the issues that we've had in 2012 as we ramp some of these big designs. And I think in terms of the trajectory, what we talked about is we really would like to exit 2013 at the 25% operating level and in order to do that we need to move our gross margins up to about the 50% level by the time we exit the year.
Peter Kelly: We shouldn't also forget, Rick, that the design wins and new opportunities we have in PMC will continue to ramp up from midyear onwards.
Peter Kelly: Yeah, I think what I actually said Vivek, was the growth of the mobile designs wins has affected our margin there's a number - I guess I was referencing some discussions on earlier calls, but what's happened is we were forced to ramp some of these products very very quickly. So we didn't necessarily get the best pricing from our foundry partners. We ended up in putting in PE structures and manufacturing structures that were not optimal. And we've been working pretty diligently on clearing those up. So it's from that perspective, we really had some headwinds in 2012, that have not helped us, clearly we have some other product ramps that are going to help us in 2013, as well. But from a mix perspective this is not going to be a huge switch in our mix a way towards very higher margin products that will just make this all easy to look.
Peter Kelly: So, factory utilization in the current quarter was 85, in Q4 it was 85%. We don't guide going forward but a little bit of color. We've seen in the - and this is a trend that we've seen over the past six months or so. Our IC factories are running pretty full and we're underutilized in our Standard Products factories and I guess I don't see any big change in that in the very, very short term. Inventory, we have seen inventory pickup over the past few quarters, so we're now at 107 days. One of the big items in there I have about $50 million of inventory which is I related to the closure of our ICN4 and ICN6, so that's to facilitate the closure and transfer of products into ICN8. And given we've been limited in terms of our 0.14 capacity over the past couple of quarters we've not really been able to build the buffer inventory that some of our larger customers would like us. So we're continuing to focus on that. I don't think you're going to see much of a change in terms of the number of days, but I'm pretty confident in our working capital control. I think, we understand what we did in inventory, our receivables are just excellent and our payables are extremely well managed.
Peter Kelly: Yeah, yeah sure, we expect to run about 14% of our revenue in R&D. We think R&D is absolutely the critical part of the company, you know if we don't have the right products as there is no way to go. Having said that, these things with our R&D which we can improve, so we can be more effective in our support of R&D and our IT cost for example and some of the back office support, but also we have different types of resource that we're constantly looking at some of it seems like moving away from say some hardware engineers in the west towards software engineers in India, other parts of it are looking at, you know we are constantly look at our portfolio and term various projects so that we can create more investment for our more successful product lines. So it is that kind of thing, there is no, you know, there is nothing really, really big.
Peter Kelly: Well, I guess first I am going to say I am not going to give guidance for the rest of the year other than the fact that I want to get to 12% of revenue for SG&A by the time we exit 2013. So I am not really going to go into any more detail than that. I think what I would say though is we know how to manage OpEx and the plan that we do have is again really around support costs. So it's not planned to impact our customer facing teams, it's really expected to impact the support groups throughout the organization and obviously I understand its painful for them individually. But, you know we have come down to I'd rather spend less on finance and more on sales, I would rather spend less in IT and more on sales, and I would rather spend less on either support functions and that's really what we're doing Ross. I mean, again no big significant items. I guess the one thing that is difficult in Western Europe it just takes more time to work with the various works councils and unions and come up with an appropriate solution, so that is a bit more challenging then what we would normally expect to do in the U.S. or maybe out in Asia.
Peter Kelly: Gosh, you're so tough, Ross. Yes, I will - probably $195 million to $200 million will be for the full year.
Peter Kelly: Well, interest expense we'd expect for the full year to be about $195 million to $200 million. We think we have a very, very solid balance sheet, but we will be opportunistic and to the extent that there is opportunities to address our debt we will do it.
Peter Kelly: What I've said in the past is that the model that we have looked at I guess most recently is that industry might, our (inaudible) in the industry might grow about 2-3% in 2013 and we would think maybe we'd grow up to double that. So we achieve then, that gives me more enough revenue growth to hit the right number by the end of the year. And after that its focusing on the various cost reductions and margin improvements that we have in the plan.
Rick Clemmer: So, John, your question about ID specifically, the interesting thing about our ID business, and you know, from a security perspective it's interesting portfolio of number of different businesses with different things happening at any one time, as we've talked about on the government side and even some of the banking side it's much more project oriented than economic oriented. And so, the strength that we've had with in Q4 where we saw such strong strength from a year ago we're assuming that that will taper off somewhat in Q1 and frankly there are some parts of the portfolio that we have a problem just filling all of the requirements associated with it. So that's reflected and what we talk about with our guidance for Q1 for the ID business as well. So, I think as far as the general economic environment we're still a little bit conscious about the general economy. Clearly, there's some indications of improvement that are taking place, but not sufficient for us to feel like that we want to count on a robust economic improvement in our projections or guidance associated with it. And we clearly don't see orders on a strong uptick, we see clearly a slight improvement associated with it, but not something that would give us a strong enough position to feel like that Q1 will be significantly stronger. I think that we do still feel pretty good about the general environment and we think that clearly Q1 will be the bottom and we'll be moving up from there. So I think that is a positive associated with it, but still with somewhat anemic economic environment. Even though with the recent results on the U.S. economy but even that having a significant share of that that's focused on housing market which really doesn't have a lot to do with our business in itself.
Rick Clemmer: I think we feel very comfortable that we'll outgrow the market by at least another 50% in 2013. I think, we want to get out of talking about specific programs as much as we can and talk about general indications associated with it. But as we talk about LTE and base stations it clearly will contribute to our growth in 2013 by some of the strong design wins we have. Our automotive business, we expect to continue to see an improvement associated with the general environment. So there's a lot of areas that are going to contribute to the double-digit growth that we're expecting our ID business for 2013. So, all of that added together is what give us the comfort to be pretty specific about being able to outgrow the industry by at least 50% in 2013.
Rick Clemmer: But, CJ as we've talked about that's a clear priority and focus for us is how we continue to improve our margins and where we're spending a reasonable amount of time from a management team perspective. We feel very comfortable with our growth opportunities and now we've got to be sure that we drive the kind of margin growth and the right kind of operating income improvements that we think exist.
Rick Clemmer: Well, clearly our ID business we had said we expect double digit growth again in 2013, so it will it will continue to contribute to a strong growth position. Our INI business from the ramp up the base stations for LTE and China we think it represents a significant opportunity while it varies a lot quarter-by-quarter we see those design wins materializing with the shipments of base stations so that we feel comfortable on the year-on-year basis. And in general automotive terms we had record shipments in North America and China in our automotive shipments for last couple of quarters. So continue to see that what's kind of a stabilization of some of the other regions of the world clearly presents an opportunity to being more in line with overall semiconductor growth then it certainly represented in 2012. And then Standard Products, we expect that to continue to be fairly link to what's happening in the general economic environment, although we do expect that there's the opportunity for some growth in China. You know as we talked about near on the strong growth that we had in our shipments in China represent a significant opportunity and clearly that's an area for us in 2013 in Standard Products that we would be helpful, we'll demonstrate some growth.
Rick Clemmer: Yeah, so it's interesting because in some ways it actually helps the NFC market to have more suppliers in the market. You know clearly we want to continue to maintain our leadership position, but with the growth of the opportunity in the significant increase of smartphones that will have NFC included with those we think it still represents a good growth opportunity for us. As far competition, we've always known we'd have competition, we always knew that ultimately when you've got to be, NFC got to be a significant share of the market at we had see some risk of integration into the overall connectivity chip and as that takes place then we want to be sure we're focused on the secure element to be able to provide the bulletproof security that's really required associated with having NFC implemented in a fashion where the consumer feels comfortable associated with it. So, yeah we know we're going to have more competition, yeah it doesn't surprise me at all that some of our competitors are talking about strong market share growth because the market is growing, so rapidly it still represents a opportunities for growth for us even if some of our competitors do actually gain share associated with it.
Rick Clemmer: It's an arm wrestling that goes on with each distributor, each quarter, and we're planning on it being fairly normalized, Jim. We want to be sure that we maintain our inventory levels around 2.4, some of the big guys would like to take that down closer to two months of inventory, as they are focused on their turns and earns, but our view is the margins that they get is based on not only the customer service but maintaining some of that inventory in place. So we would like to keep it in the 2.4, 2.5 months of inventory. But our plan really for our guidance for Q1 is predicated or based on that continuing it roughly at the same level associated with it.
Rick Clemmer: Well I think the, as we tried to say Jim and I just want to be very clear about it. We don't think it's like momentous improvement in orders.
Rick Clemmer: I know some of our peers are talking about you know they have seen improvement in orders and clearly we've seen you know order improve where, as we track it on a weekly basis we've seen more weeks that are better than worse. So but as far as being able to draw a trend from it I think we still are not counting on a huge uptick in orders associated with the outlook. We still see a rather anemic economic environment and we are not counting on clearly through the Q1 timeframe seeing a robust improvement associated with it. I think that we do see enough indicators that we feel comfortable that Q1 is truly the bottom and we feel pretty good about some of the opportunities for growth coming out of the Q1 timeframe. But, it's not like we see a definite robust turnaround in order rates that gives us a great deal of confidence it's just more of the general indicators and what we see from customers specifically associated with the design wins we have in place and being able to support those.
Rick Clemmer: And you really have to take into account the factory shutdown and the inventory built to support that when you think about our inventory levels.
Rick Clemmer: You know the interesting thing is when you look at it historically, Q1 is usually our worst seasonal quarter. What we usually see is a little bit of down tick from Q4 and Q1, then we see a pretty robust growth in Q2, growth in Q3 and then see a little of roll off in Q4 and then further roll off again in Q1. So, it follows with those typical seasonal patterns that we see, although to be fair seasonal patterns are hard to determine by some of the economic environment we've seen over the last couple of years. But I think based on what we see from our customers and the indications associated with it, it gives us really confidence that we will in fact see the pickup in Q2 that we would expect on a seasonal basis and so we feel good about that.
Rick Clemmer: We're not really going to get into those kind of forward looking statements, I guess as far as we want to go as we're expecting by the time we exit the year, we want to get to about 50% on gross margin.
Rick Clemmer: Clearly we'll be increasing our R&D investment in areas where we think it drives a much higher level of probability. So it's more about tuning than anything else in R&D. The primary focus of the investments we'll be doing are improving our back office processes to be sure we've world class you know kind of non-customer phrasing expenses where we want to be sure that we're driving industry leading levels associated with it and this is really just taking that step to be able to facilitate them.
Rick Clemmer: So if you look at our automotive business we still have some ramp up taking place with the second largest north America automotive manufacture on the remote keyless entry, but primarily growth that will take place associated with our automotive business will be in the care infotainment side in the development countries associated with the more in Asia and China in 2013. We expect with the overall car production to be flat 2% growth with actually Asia representing fairly healthy growth and may be Europe slightly down. So obviously the participation in automotive comes from additional platforms that were designed into in infotainment that's ramping now and we will continue ramp through of remainder of this year and then the growth that takes place in those developing countries in automotive.
Rick Clemmer: The way to think about it really is in the Netherlands that we have 3 fabs in 2013 and 2014 that will be one fab. That will go from 4 to 6 and 8 into an 8" fab. And other than that we don't have any plans to eliminate any fabs the consolidation of MOS Technologies from the German fab to the Dutch fab is more of a these is a profit opportunity really and allows us to optimize both the German fab and on the Dutch fab.
Rick Clemmer: In addition to that, by the end of the year we would expect to have some monetization from our IP portfolio that would contribute towards to 25% operating income as well. Especially in areas of technology that are emerging where we have a very strong patent portfolio position.
Rick Clemmer: It's impossible for us to do that, we can tell where we ship the product to but, Continental or Bosch may ship - product that we ship into - Europe into china Asia and all over the world and product that we ship into China and they may ship into Japan and other regions, so it really -- that is not so meaningful about our shipment and it's very difficult for us to track associated with it.
Rick Clemmer: No. Our Standard Products business we'll have to improve the margins from the performance in Q4, we did have some one-shot items et cetera, but we fully expects Standard Products' margins to improve even without a robust economic environment improvement. So, the 25% definitely counts on Standard Products getting back into the operating model of 18% to 23% operating income margins that we have for that business.
Rick Clemmer: On the intellectual property income, we've been involved in this process for some time as you monetize our intellectual property, I've done this in previous companies before it takes a long time you have to go, search patents you have to actually follow law suits, go through that process. We're actually in process with at least - law suits with at least one other company at this point in time. And we'll see how that develops, but we would like to see something that would be contributing maybe as much as a 100 basis points to operating income by the end of the year associated with IP, and we actually have some IP income that takes place to today.
Rick Clemmer: Sure, thanks a lot for your support as well as you continued interest in NXP. In summary, we feel very good about our results in 2012 and believe that they demonstrate measurable success in executing our long-term strategy. The full year product revenue growth of over 7% despite an anemic economic environment, clearly indicates the share gains that we have specially in our HPMS market were we saw revenue growth of 13%, combined with 17% increase in our High Performance Mixed Signal operating income. Clearly, we believe that with the current economic environment as well as the seasonal patterns Q1 represents the bottom of the semiconductor cycle for us. And we expect to see good growth beyond Q1. And will help us continue to have strong cash flow generation over and above the $0.5 billion or so of pre-operating cash flow that we were able to generate in 2012. With all of that we think that we'll continue to be able to drive bottom line results that will continue to demonstrate strong improved performance. Thank you very much.
