Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. So I think that the way we approach the guidance for the balance of the year was to suggest that the miss that we had in the third quarter and the issues that generally caused that miss, which were I think largely transitory, would however continue into Q4. So to the degree that there was a continuing impact from the hurricane on the four facilities that I mentioned in my opening remarks, that would persist into the fourth quarter, to the extent that we continue to suffer lower than expected results at a handful of behavioral facilities with regulatory challenges. Those challenges will continue into the fourth quarter as well. In terms of the ramp in the fourth quarter, I think that we - that was embedded in our original guidance for the year, in our original notions of the trajectory of earnings for the year. And that was the sense that the back half of the year would continue to get stronger, both from a behavioral volume perspective, as well as from a relief on the labor pressures and wage pressures on both sides of the business. So I think it's a combination of those sort of two dynamics that really inform the way that we came up with the guidance for the balance of the year. 
Steve Filton: I think that's correct. And I think the other issue which I should have mentioned is the sort of continued improvement at the Henderson facility, our new facility in Las Vegas which, at least from a cosmetic standpoint, will be included in the Q4 - excuse, me in Q4 in same store results, which will make the same store results look stronger. And the other point that I mentioned, Justin which I think is just an annually recurring point is there is I think normally a step up from Q3 to Q4 due to just the seasonality of the business. 
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think on the acute care side, and I think honestly, Josh the answer to these questions, while I think there are some sort of global generic answers I can give, I think that in many cases or most cases, we really do look at these questions on a market by market issue. On the acute side, we certainly acknowledge, as have most of our peers, that there is a continuing trend I think driven mostly by payers to move patients into what they perceive to be the lowest cost setting of care for patients, whether that’s ASC or freestanding imaging centers or urgent care centers or freestanding EDs, et cetera. We have certainly entered any and all of those businesses to some degree in certain markets. We have ASCs in a number of markets. We are building APDs in several markets and have had I think some relatively notable success in the early stages of that. We’ve got freestanding imaging centers, et cetera. We've got physician operated urgent care centers again. And I think we really view it on a market by market basis, but certainly it's informed by, as I said, this global view that payers will continue to look to shift patients to the lowest cost care setting that they can.  I think on the behavioral side, it’s a similar sort of notion. I mean we have a very large behavioral health presence with the largest freestanding operator in the country. And I think our continuum of care, both here in the US and in the UK, really spans the continuum of services and includes acute services, residential services, specialty services, addiction treatment services, et cetera. And I think in every market, we continue to look for where there are gaps in service lines in that particular market. So I don't know that on a global basis we're necessarily sort of looking to expand in any of those businesses, but within individual markets, we're certainly doing our best to fill in those service gaps so that in most of our larger markets, we're providing a pretty I think extensive continuum of services. 
Steve Filton: Josh, I think we have been looking at potential acute care opportunities for some time. We like the acute care business and feel like if you can be in an attractive, growing market with a good market position, you can be successful. We believe that certainly we've demonstrated that with our own acute care results. Obviously, I think this has become, as you describe it, kind of a seller's market, to some degree because we've got a number of distressed operators who are looking to deleverage, et cetera.  I think our general impression is that the assets that they are selling, at least in these early phases of their divestiture plans, are the less attractive assets. And unless they really provide sort of some in-market synergies for somebody, they're not necessarily all that attractive. And I think most of these sales have been going to other in-market providers. Should that change and should either of these distressed sellers or other sellers, other not-for-profit sellers, begin to sell assets that we think fit, are a better fit for our profile of strong market positions in growing markets, we certainly would be interested because we feel like we've got a proven track record of being able to operate in our own outstanding returns in those kinds of markets. And in the interim, we continue to invest in the acute care business within our own markets, building new facilities and adding capacity where that's appropriate as well. 
Steve Filton: Sure, Kevin. So I think on the volume revenue side, we feel like the hurricane impact, coincidentally I don’t think these events, is about the same on both sides of the business and it's probably in that 100 to 110 basis points of volume and revenue, because obviously there's no sort of pricing dynamic associated with the hurricane impact. In terms of EBITDA, we talked about a $12 million to $13 million - sorry, EBITDA impact, I think you're talking about probably eight or so on the behavioral side and four to five on the acute site.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so I think that in Q3 we did actually see the length of stay decline, diminish from the rate at which it was declining in Q2. So I think sequentially we made some progress. I think our point of view that we articulated last quarter was we certainly feel like there are some things that we may be able to do to impact length of stay where that's clinically appropriate. But then if we couldn’t, that we had a point of view that the underlying demand was strong enough and the reservoir of unmet demand of patients looking to be admitted to behavioral hospitals, was strong enough that we just needed to improve the efficiency of our throughput, so that if beds were being vacated earlier because of length of stay pressure, we just needed to increase the throughput and fill those beds sooner, again always where clinically appropriate. And I think that's our point of view and why I think we had the perspective that this 5% same store revenue growth target that we've essentially set for the behavioral division, because that's what we were running back in 2000 when we started to see some diminution in that number, is achievable. It’s really the confidence that allows us to say that is this the metrics that we continue to see internally that demonstrate a there's a significant reservoir of unmet demand.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so I think, and it may be - look, I think these trends tend to be relatively market specific. And while I think more companies are talking about it today, I think we were probably one of the earliest companies to really highlight this issue back in the middle of 2015. And honestly it may be a function of being in markets that are faster growing than the national average and that recovered at least at a disproportionately more aggressive pace than the national metrics would suggest, places like Vegas and Southern California and South Florida, et cetera. So I think we have a point of view that's informed by our previous experience with labor shortages that two things happened during labor shortages. One, on a macro basis the market tends to adjust for the labor shortages. More nurses enroll in nursing school, part time nurses take on more hours, retired nurses come back and work extra shifts because wage rates are going up and there's an attractive sort of economic equation for them. So I think we see that happening at a macro level in our markets.  But the other issue I think is that because we've been facing this issue now for I think almost two years, and we've been focused on it and we've been addressing it, I think we’re finding that we're making internal improvements in our own markets, both at the rate that we're recruiting mostly nurses but other clinicians as well, and also the impact they were having on the retention of those that we recruit by implementing aggressive mentoring programs and career development programs and providing incentives for our employees, again most notably nurses who come to work for us to really want to stay in our organization and build their careers with us.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean so I guess a couple of things. I mean I think again on the acute side of the business, I think that the way that the labor shortage was manifested primarily was through margin pressures, that even though our revenues and volumes were quite robust and have been quite robust for the last few years, I think our acute care margins haven't always been where we would have expected them to be, given those revenue growth rates. And I think it's because of those wage pressures. I think that the acute margins have been improving and that's the ultimate. I can give you other statistics about the things you asked about, retention and recruitment rates, et cetera. But in my mind, the proof is in the pudding and it's the margin improvement over time that's really demonstrating our improvement there.  On the behavioral side, I think the labor shortage manifested itself in weaker volumes. And for the most part, I think volumes have been, particularly admissions have been increasing for the last year or so. Now Q3 was a bit of a hiccup, but I think that was impacted by a bunch of different things, including the hurricanes, et cetera. But I think generally, we feel like we've continued on this trajectory for the last four or five quarters of improving our volumes on the behavioral side. And again in my mind, that's the proof in the pudding that we're improving that labor situation and filling the vacancies.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think there's a least several questions embedded in what you've asked. So I'll try to cover them all. I mean one is, in terms of the overall acute care revenue growth, I will just remind everyone that the comparison that we're facing in the third quarter to last year's third quarter, is quite robust. We had 9% revenue growth in last year's third quarter, really an extraordinary number. So it was always going to be a tough comparison, I think on the revenue side. And as a consequence, I think where we landed in Q3 was not far off from where we thought. Obviously, I think you need to adjust the 2.2% revenue growth on the acute side for the hurricanes by 100 basis points or 110 basis points. You’re in the sort of low threes there. I think the only other thing worth noting, and I sort of alluded to it before in response to, I think somebody else’s question was that a little bit of it is sort of the pace at which capacity comes on the acute side. So we opened our Spring Valley tower in Las Vegas last year in the second quarter of 2017. So that anniversaried or that impact was anniversaried in the third - the second quarter of 2017. We opened in ’16. We anniversaried in ’17. Just as an example, I think Spring Valley’s revenues for the first six months of the year grew by like 15%. In Q3 they were sort of flattish. Now, that trend will I think kind of reverse itself in Q4 when, as I mentioned, I think to Justin before, Henderson will come into our same store numbers. And I think that will make the same store numbers look a lot better. If you want to sort of normalize all that, you can just look at our total numbers and not the same store numbers. But I think we continue to make pressure. In terms of the specific pricing question that you asked, we talked about this a little bit on the Q2 call. I think one of the dynamics that we're seeing that is cosmetically affecting our metrics is that out West in particular in Nevada, in California, we're doing I think a better job of qualifying those short stay patients as in patients rather than observation patients. And the result of that is a higher level of admissions, but a lower level of revenue per admission. Now, I think we have a point of view that over time, our acute care revenue should grow by roughly 5%, 5.5% and it should be split pretty evenly between price and volume. But in the current climate, as I think we're making those changes on the observation status, it's skewed more towards admissions than it is, or more towards volume than it is to revenue. But I think the ultimate dynamic is the same and ultimately will settle in at that roughly 5%, 5.5% growth rate that will be split pretty evenly between price and volume. 
Steve Filton: So we have hedged our balance sheet investment in the UK from the initial investment several years ago. And generally the way that has worked is as the currency translation rate has declined, we had a cash flow benefit and as it has strengthened a little bit in the recent quarter, the settlement of those foreign currency exchange contracts have a negative impact. So that's what you're seeing in the cash flow statement. In terms of the DSOs, I think that's largely a mechanical issue we have in the UK when we bought the Cambian assets. They had a practice of billing the NHS in advance. And because we converted them to our system and our practice is to bill in arrears, we made that change to be consistent. That created sort of a short term working capital crunch in the UK, but not something that is, in my mind, a significant issue going forward. 
Steve Filton: I mean we'll give specifics when we give our guidance at the end of the year. But I mean I think our cash flows generally should grow at the rate at which our EBITDA grows. I don't see any sort of significant cash flow pluses or minuses going into next year in CapEx. Also I think ought to continue in roughly the same rate that we're running in 2017. 
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean I know that the topic of the UK was particularly intense yesterday given the release of one of our peers. I think it's worth noting, I think everybody knows this, but I'll just remind everybody, that our geographic footprint and presence in the UK is dramatically smaller than our peer who was addressing the issue yesterday. Having said that, I think we have said that our UK facility is operating at fairly high occupancy rates. They continue to do so. Other than specific facility issues, I don't think we have seen any particular pressures or issues with volumes in the UK, nor on the labor side. I mean we acknowledge that the labor market is a tight one in the UK, much as it is here in the US. But labor issues tend to be market specific, just I think as they are here in the US. And we really haven't been experiencing those sorts of accelerating issues in the last few quarters. I will note and I made the comments about the final CMA report in my opening comments, that we're now prepared and are actively integrating the two companies now that we’ll be beyond the CMA process. Cambian has always had a history of having great success in the temporary nursing area and the use of registry. They use very little of it. We think they have some real best practices that we'd like to migrate to our legacy Cygnet facilities in the UK. So now that we are going to be able to integrate the two companies, we're looking forward to hopefully even making further improvements in that regard, and if anything, reducing the amount of temporary nurses and registry that we use in the UK, following along the historic success that Cambian has had.
Steve Filton: Yes. Look, it's difficult for us, Matt to be terribly proactive in this regard, in the sense that we really don't know in our individual markets what the level of enrollment is in the exchanges or disenrollment, et cetera. So it's a little hard for us to react in advance. Generally we have the view that in virtually all of our markets, there remain viable commercial exchange choices for those who want to enroll. And so that is helpful. I think in terms of network participation, again with very rare exceptions, we are network providers in virtually every network in every one of our markets. So I think we're already well positioned. If there is movement amongst products or amongst companies to be able to benefit from that. so I think at one level, we're just going to have to wait and see from a macro basis what level of disenrollment there is in the exchanges come next year. But I mean in terms of being in all the networks, I don't think we could really do that any more extensively than we currently do. 
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think I'll do it in reverse order. The court ordered issue is old litigation in one of our south Texas facilities literally that goes back 15 or 16 years. A court order came through in the last few months requiring us to make the payment that we disclosed in the quarterly release. We’re appealing that payment and hope to either have it reversed or substantially reduced. But because it was so old and didn't seem terribly relevant to our current operations, we recorded that item in the other segment, not in either of the two operating segments.  As far as, I think you were alluding to the behavioral drags, specifically I think I mentioned this again in answer maybe to Justin's original question on the call. I mean we definitely saw a drag in two or three facilities on the behavioral side that are experiencing regulatory challenges. I think they've been relatively well publicized in Oklahoma and in Massachusetts. As we try and work out our issues with the regulators in those states, rectify what they believe are the corrections we have to make et cetera, it's a bit of a double whammy because in the current environment, in the current quarter and quite frankly into next quarter, we expect we'll have a lower than sort of ordinary referral stream and lower than expected volumes. But we're generally keeping our expense structure in place in the hopes that we're going to rectify this relatively soon and will be able to get back to relatively normal operations.  So I think what I was saying in response to Justin earlier was that we assume that the drag from those facilities that we experienced in quarter three, would be fairly similar in Q4, but that as we entered into 2018, we would either rectify the revenue side of this and essentially get back to where we were. Or we would have to right size the facilities and adjust our expenses to a lower, a more permanent sort of revenue reduction. So we'll deal with that, but at least in Q4, the assumption was as we continue to work with the regulators in the States in those markets, it will be the same magnitude of result.
Steve Filton: Yes. I don't think that's really changed, Ana. I mean again, I think from the original guidance back at the beginning of the year, the original guidance sort of was premised on the idea that we could get to that sort of 5% targeted same store revenue growth rate in behavioral by the end of 2017. And I think we really changed that view at the end of the second quarter to say now this was now more of a first half 2018 issue, either Q1 or Q2. Again, I think given some of the challenges in Q3, I guess I would conservatively say it's probably now more a Q2 of ‘18 issue. But I think it's all really from our perspective, just elongating the timeframe on an incremental basis rather than changing any sort of fundamental view we have about what the real underlying metrics of the business are. 
Steve Filton: Generally, yes. I mean I think there is - we're talking about a relatively short length of stay for these Medicaid patients to begin with. So I think there is quite frankly almost by definition, a limited amount of downside in terms of how much the length of stay can be reduced without really impacting the clinical outcomes and the quality of care for these patients. That’s number one. Number two is I think, because we're now focused on this issue, I think we're just doing a better job of really documenting the clinical needs of these patients and the need, where appropriate, for them to stay longer where that’s clinically appropriate, et cetera. So I think it's a combination of kind of a natural floor on this issue, as well as our just doing a better job representing the interests of our patients and our clinicians.
Steve Filton: No. I think and I think we've said this before, I mean I think we have sort of a menu of options available to us that just range from day to day interactions with the payers and providing them proper documentation, et cetera and extend all the way up as you suggest, to ultimately having to take a payer to court. And obviously that's the last sort of resort that we would try and avoid. But again, I think that we're going to pursue what we think is best for our patients and what our clinicians advise us is best for our patients to whatever degree we have to. And again, I think we would hope that in most cases, that can be mutually agreed upon with the payer, but if we need to be more aggressive, we'll do that as well. 
Steve Filton: Yes. That’s a slow moving process. It has always been a slow moving process. I mean I think we have expressed a more positive view I guess on our part in the last quarter or two, that the government seems more engaged and more interested in bringing this investigation to conclusion than they have been for a while. But to be, I think realistic about it, I think we're still well into the middle of next year at the earliest before we could realistically bring this to conclusion. We feel like we're working as - on as focused basis and as aggressively as we can on our end to provide the government everything they have asked for and to keep moving this along. And we hope that they’ll respond in a sort of similarly interested way, and have every reason to believe at this point and hope that they will. 
Steve Filton: Yes. Sure. So just to clarify, Gary, I mean I think that it's three facilities in Puerto Rico and one in Houston that has beds closed. But the fundamental question I think, probably on a combined basis, those facilities have annual EBITDA of maybe $10 million or $12 million. So it doesn't seem all that material. But I just want to make the point that in the short run, because I think of a dynamic that I described before where effectively we’ve reduced substantially the amount of revenue we have. We may have increased the expense, but we certainly have reduced the expense. As we sort of wait for the markets to get back to normal and we try and do right by our employees, the drag that those facilities I think could provide over the next quarter, is I think far greater than their actual EBITDA. So I think we have the sense that it could be another $5 million or $6 million drag in the quarter because we've got reduced revenue and not reduced expense. So they're not all that large facilities, but that's why in the short run I think they have an outsized or potentially an outsized impact.
Steve Filton: Yes. so - well, I'm not sure that I did, Whit, but I think that number is probably in the 7, 8, $9 million range at the two or three facilities that I think are facing sort of current regulatory challenges. That was the drag in the quarter.
Steve Filton: So I think we said that we believe that the impact was about 100, 110 basis points on both volumes and revenue.
Steve Filton: And I think all the comments that you made which were meant to articulate I think our position remain the same. We do - we are more than comfortable with our current leverage levels. We don't want them to be any lower. We’ll continue to be I think an active acquirer of our shares at these levels. We do try and balance that and manage that against any other external opportunities that may arise. There are not always easy to forecast or predict in a precise way. So there is a bit of a struggle to manage that, but I think otherwise everything else you said about leverage and about the attractiveness of repurchasing our own shares remains true.
Steve Filton: Yes. So we certainly are not giving guidance today and will not give 2018 guidance until most likely the end of February, which is our normal practice. But I think I have mentioned already previously in this call, as well as at other times. Our general sense of the trajectory of the two businesses, we kind of believe that the behavioral business will sort of get back to what we would sort of describe as kind of a normalized 5% same store revenue growth rate sometime in the middle of 2018. We think that the acutes, which have been running pretty consistently, at least at the 5% to 6% range, will continue to do so into ’18. So you can sort of I think presume the EBITDA growth that goes along with that. In terms of some of the pushes and pulls that go along with that, some of the special reimbursement items are still difficult to project. We’ll certainly be able to give more precise guidance on that sort of - on those sort of issues as we get closer and as we give our formal guidance. But again, I think we've talked about how we see the fundamental trajectory of the two businesses is pretty candidly and frankly, pretty consistently for a while now.
Steve Filton: John, I think it's a legitimate issue. I'm not sure, and certainly a lot has been written about consumerism and the consumers making these choices. I think from our perspective, this still largely remains of payer driven issue. And to your point, I mean at the end of the day, payers have a clear line of sight, I think most of the time about where the most efficient and cheapest care is being provided. And we have to be competitive as hospitals to compete with the niche providers who are providing that same care. So I think this is more of an issue with - between the providers and the payers than necessarily between the providers and directly with the consumers.  I also believe that as the reimbursement landscape continues to evolve and we move to more bundle payments or ACO payments or even ultimately the capitated payments, the leverage will swing back to the providers, to the hospitals and the physicians who will control more of that healthcare dollar. And when they control the healthcare dollar, I think they'll be able to steer that business back to where they're providing it as opposed to where these niche providers are providing it. So again, this is a slowly evolving and slowly developing dynamic, but I think that's the direction we'll continue to move in.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think the first part is absolutely true. And again, as I've said in answer to a number of questions already today, look, healthcare I think is very much a local market business and a lot of these trends move at different paces in different markets. We tend to be kind of smaller, probably not a great description, but less developed, less mature I'll call them, managed care market. So I think some of the trends don't develop as quickly in our markets as they do maybe in some others. But yes. I mean look, we've cited for instance the development of narrow networks as something that we generally look forward to and felt like we would benefit from. And we've seen some of that and we've helped engineer some of that in our markets. But it's been slower than we expected.  And look, I think your point, John about it being complicated is not something that should be overlooked or taken too lightly. I think one of the reasons why payers are slow to move on these things, and why quite frankly, providers are slow to move is because it is complicated and you do need a lot of analysis and information to make sure that everybody can continue to sort of be viable and prosper when you change the reimbursement landscape in a terribly significant way. So I think it'll continue to evolve, but it will be at a measured pace. 
Steve Filton: Yes. So, and I think we may have talked about this publicly before, but UHS was actually I think a pretty aggressive early adopter of the bundled payment initiatives and volunteered in many of our markets, if not most of our markets, for the initiatives. I think we felt like we were well positioned, particularly in partnership with our physicians to benefit. And I think for a lot of the reasons that CMS has stepped back in terms of timeliness of information and the sort of fulsomeness of the information available to allow providers to manage through these issues. We, I think we became a little bit disillusioned and sort of disenrolled from a lot of these programs. But I think we've spent a lot of time and focused being prepared for these. And when I think the payers, both the government and the private payers are ready to move forward with them, I think we feel like we’ll be well positioned and prepared to move forward with them.
Steve Filton: Sure, Sarah. So I mean I think what we said when this - we first started discussing this problem, which as I mentioned earlier was probably a good two years ago, we. were careful to note that this was really a market specific issue, that there were a half a dozen markets that were particularly difficult for us, maybe 20 some odd facilities. The reason that we don't necessarily sort of give these closed beds numbers or percentages of beds that are closed, et cetera is because I think those who follow the industry like to think of this as sort of a static issue, that there's kind of a number of closed beds at the outset and then you just continue to work that number down. I mean the reality, as you might imagine is, it's a fluid sort of issue and a facility that had a problem is able to solve its problem, but then another facility comes into it.  What I said I think in response to an earlier question is, ultimately the way we've measured our progress, particularly on the behavioral side of this, is the continued growth in admissions over the last year or so. The labor shortage was a problem that manifested itself on the behavioral side ultimately and originally through a pretty dramatic decline in admission growth. And I think in our minds, the way that we're able to convince ourselves that we're ultimately solving that problem is through the recovery of admission growth and the rebound in admission growth. And even though as somebody asked before, we certainly track a lot of other metrics like vacancies and turnover and number of nurses in training and orientation. Ultimately the proof in the pudding is, are we able to open these beds and are we able to increase admissions? And we feel like for the most part, we've been able to do that, albeit in an incremental way. The progress has been slow, but we've been able to do it pretty slowly and steadily for the last year or so. 
Steve Filton: Yes. so I think, again what we've said is, for a variety of reasons, I think it will take us to the first half of 2018 to get back to the 5% targeted behavioral growth. One of the issues that continues - we’ll continue to work on will be the labor shortage. So I don't think that will be - and by the way, I don't think even when we get to the 5% growth, that it'll absolutely mean that we've solved, if you will, the labor shortage. It will just mean that we've kind of returned to at least sort of a status quo that we were at back in the middle of ‘15 when the problem really began to accelerate. 
Steve Filton: I do not, other than to thank everybody for their time, and we look forward to speaking with them at the end of the year. Thank you. 
