Steve G. Filton: Sure, Colleen. So I think in our original guidance for the full year, we were anticipating acute care revenue growth of 3% for the full year. And that was broken down into a slightly lower amount, let's say 2% in the first half of the year and a slightly higher amount of like 4% in the back half of the year, which was reflective of the fact that we were aware that our comparisons were going to be more difficult in the first half of the year. At the end of the second quarter, when we revised our guidance down slightly, it was really an acknowledgment on our part that acute care revenue growth would likely not even meet that 4% level in the back half of the year. So we revised it down to about 2% growth. And as you can see in Q3, we didn't meet the 2%. We -- our acute care same-store revenue growth was actually slightly negative. And really, the revised guidance for the fourth quarter is really just reflective of that trend and the expectation that, that trend is likely to continue into Q4.
Steve G. Filton: We did. I mean, the 3.4% same-store revenue growth that we saw in acute in Q3, I would remind people different than the acute dynamic, is compared to a pretty robust number in Q3 of 2011, close to 7% same-store revenue growth. So the 3.4% was against a difficult comparison. But it did -- it does reflect sort of the metric that we talked about last quarter, which is that probably, the single greatest pressure we feel on the behavioral side is continued pressure on our Medicaid length of stay in the residential business. That has been driving our same-store revenue growth down. And we are, as we discussed last quarter, doing any number of things to try and counter that, including adding more acute care beds. Obviously, the Ascend transaction will add a significant number of acute care beds, converting residential beds to acute. And all those initiatives continue. And so, yes, I think that had a little bit of a dampening impact on our revenue growth in the quarter. And we think that as the initiatives gain traction, that number will start to climb back to a level that we saw just a few quarters ago.
Steve G. Filton: Well, Kevin, I want to reinforce what you said, which is that we're not giving 2013 guidance and we're not prepared to do that. But I'll talk a little bit. I mean, I think some of the dynamics that have weighed heavily on acute care revenue growth in 2012 are the economic weakness in our local markets. And when we do give our 2013 guidance at the end February, we'll talk, I think, more about what our outlook is for those metrics in 2013. But, obviously, there is a hope that we will start to see some recovery in some of those markets, albeit we tend to believe it'll be a relatively gradual incremental recovery. The other issue is a number of other companies have talked about, I think, that there has been this continued shift from inpatient to outpatient, which has muted revenues, some in the acute space. Some of that, I think, is a real shift, where the delivery of services has truly changed from one setting to another. And then some of it is this reimbursement dynamic of just more days being billed and reimbursed as observation days rather than as inpatient. And I think, at some point, we will begin to anniversary that impact. I think some of the companies may have already started to see that sort of anniversary-ing impact. So those would be, at least, in my mind, Kevin, the 2 reasons why I would think that you wouldn't necessarily just want to take the third and projected fourth quarter performance and assume that that's to be extrapolated to 2013.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I think the weakness was generally broad-based. I mean, Vegas was down in the third quarter compared to last year but so were, quite frankly, a number of other markets, including South Texas, which we certainly have talked about before, as well as a handful of others. So I don't think the weakness is isolated to a particular market. As far as Vegas goes and, quite frankly, as far as a number of other markets go, the overarching metrics, as we've mentioned before, seem to be getting better. Unemployment is improving in a number of these markets, et cetera. I would think it's fair to say that in most of these markets, that sort of macro growth or macro recovery isn't yet filtering down to the hospital business. But we expect that in the near and intermediate future that it should.
Steve G. Filton: It's effectively a new facility. So we had a facility called Hartgrove that we closed a few years ago and built a replacement facility. We have now, subsequently, renovated the Hartgrove physical plant and are reopening it. But it's effectively a net new facility for us in the Chicago market.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, I will sort of just recap. I think what we've said about our EHR experience in total, and that is we've projected to spend something in the neighborhood of $190 million to $200 million dollars to implement this EHR over the course of 4 or 5 years, beginning in -- at the very end of 2009 and into 2010. We expect to get Medicaid and Medicare reimbursement related to those expenditures in the $140 million to $150 million range. And, therefore, our net expenditure will be $50 million to $60 million, Kevin. We will -- as we have in the press release and as we will in our 2013 guidance, we'll give our best guesses as to what we think those numbers, both from an income and expense line, will be in 2013. I don't think we're prepared to do that today.
Steve G. Filton: No. The reason that we choose to exclude them, because we think that it gives a better picture of what ongoing operating results are, is because we believe that both the income and the expenses are onetime. I will just remind people that we had an EHR system before implementing the current one and we had operating costs associated with that. We believe that the operating costs associated with the new implementation are fairly comparable. And so we have a universe of operating EHR costs that have been embedded in our results for years and will continue to be in our operating results and will not be excluded.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, as we continue to bring facilities live on this current version of EHR, obviously, the D&A expense will go up. I haven't really thought this through all the way, but we may consider trying to break that out when we give our 2013 guidance. Obviously, we break it out in total, but we may want to beak it out by functional line item.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, I mean, as I think about it, Kevin, there's only a couple of sort of unusual items, I think, that are in the third quarter, none of which are terribly material. There's probably a couple of million dollars of Ascend transaction cost. There's probably $5 million of costs related to our small construction management business. And those costs are offset by a very like amount of revenues. I think other than those 2 items, I would say that other operating expenses in Q3 reflect a pretty reasonable run rate going forward.
Steve G. Filton: John, I think that -- and I called out the Medicaid length of stay issue as really the 1 metric that has been sort of pressuring the business. I would say that, generally, trends on the acute side of the behavioral business are strong, both from an admission or a volume perspective, length of stay remains fairly constant because it is almost exclusively non-Medicaid pricing on the acute side. Pricing remains strong, et cetera. So the pressures really have been almost exclusively on the residential side of the acute business. And almost exclusively on the Medicaid part of that, which is the biggest piece of it.
Steve G. Filton: Yes. So I think, obviously, we're always, and I think this has always been the case, I mean, we're always fighting for the appropriate length of stay and justifying medically necessary length of stay, et cetera. That's something we always do. But quite frankly, I mean, the main technique and tactic that we've talked about in the last few quarters is we're trying to lessen our reliance on the residential business. We've talked before about 1 of the significant attractions and compelling arguments for Ascend was that it's a business that is very highly weighted to acute beds rather than residential beds. We've been adding, in response to your question, John, something in the neighborhood of 300, 350 new beds a year in the behavioral segment. And those beds have been largely acute beds. And then, finally, we've talked in the last quarter or so about conversion of residential beds to acute beds. And we're probably on pace in 2012 to convert a couple of hundred residential beds to acute beds. And my guess would be we probably have a like amount in the Q for next year as well.
Steve G. Filton: Yes, so before the Ascend transaction, our historical, I think, revenue mix was like 75% acute, 25% residential.
Steve G. Filton: Well, again, if you think about, basically, a base of roughly 20,000 beds, and if you're adding 300 to 350 acute and converting another couple of hundred, it's sort of 500 beds on a basis of 20,000 gives you some sense of what we're able to do.
Steve G. Filton: No, I think we've said publicly that post the Ascend transaction, our run rate will reflect an EBITDA contribution from the behavioral segment of about 70% of the total.
Steve G. Filton: No, A.J., I was just referring to the fact that we had some transaction costs related to Ascend -- oh, I'm sorry, in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, yes, I'm sorry, the -- we do assume we will get a couple of pennies benefit from having Ascend in the fourth quarter.
Steve G. Filton: Hey, look, A.J., I think you've got to the crux of the point or the crux of the matter. Because both of these businesses are largely fixed and semi-fixed cost businesses, they really require some amount of revenue growth to create operating leverage. Not a significant amount. And I think our performance -- our behavioral performance in Q3 is reflective of that. So we have 3.5% revenue growth in behavioral in Q3, 8% or 9% EBITDA expansion. A very positive, strong, robust result in our minds and something that we think we can and will continue to replicate. On the acute side, it's really sort of just the opposite. I think we've been, quite frankly, for many years now, for a good 3 or 4 years now, focused on really creating leaner, more efficient operating structures in the acute division. And I think we've been largely successful in doing it. The fact of the matter, however, is that unless we can sort of drive 2% or 3% revenue growth, it's pretty hard to avoid margin contraction, which is what you saw in Q3. I think that's largely true across the board again in both divisions, but where the real leverage tends to come, again, is in the more fixed and semi-fixed costs. You just can't cut your utilities and your taxes and your insurance, et cetera, as your revenue shrinks, in the same way that you can adjust headcount and things like that, which I think we've done a good job of doing.
Steve G. Filton: I mean, again, I think we'll certainly, I think, provide more color when we give our 2013 guidance. But I think, for now, our expectation is that, I'll sort of call those special items, UPL, DSH pro, provider taxes will likely continue at or around the same levels that they're at now.
Steve G. Filton: No, I think beginning in the sort of July of 2011 time frame, Frank, we talked about the outlook for the next 12 months, which is basically the Medicaid fiscal year as being Medicaid cuts of sort of flat to down 1%. I think we've probably trended to the, however you want to think about it, the lower end, meaning the 1% cuts rather than flattish. And again, that contributes to a little bit of that same Medicaid pressure that I was alluding to before, mostly as a length of stay pressure, but also a little bit of rate pressure. I think it's too early to say what that will look like come July of 2012 -- excuse me, 2013. And, obviously, what I meant was July of 2012 for the flat to down 1%. Obviously, when we give our guidance for 2013, we will embed in that an estimate for the back half of the year for Medicaid pricing and, hopefully, we'll have a better sense of it at that point in time.
Steve G. Filton: Well, I think it's worth noting, and I know a number of the other companies that have previously reported this quarter, mention that September, for them, was clearly the weakest month of the quarter. That was certainly true for us as well. And so, as I think normally occurs with that sort of thing, I mean, both our volumes and payor mix weakened in September. It's difficult to respond in real time to that almost immediately. But we did -- we do and we have responded and so, we will get some continuing benefit from that in Q4. Now, part of our revised guidance assumptions in Q4, quite frankly, is that the negative trends that we experienced in September will largely continue into Q4. Certainly, we hope that they improve. And I would say the very first glimpses we've had of Q4, which are basically October volumes, look a little bit better, although, I wouldn't draw too many definitive conclusions from that on its own. So I think the question you're asking, Frank, is the third quarter deteriorated. We began making some more aggressive cost cuts towards the end of the third quarter. If the revenue trajectory improves a little bit in Q4 from where it was in September, we should certainly benefit from that and get a pickup, and that would make our revised guidance look a little more conservative. But I think it's way too early to make that judgment.
Steve G. Filton: Okay. Well, we'd like to thank everybody. We hope that everybody stays safe and continues to recover from the hurricane. And look forward to talking with you at the end of the year. Thank you.
