Steve Filton: Thank you, and good morning. Marc Miller is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2023.  During this conference call, we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. We'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions.  As discussed in our press release last night, the company reported net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $2.40 for the third quarter of 2023. After adjusting for the impact of the item reflected on the supplemental schedule, as included with the press release, our adjusted net income attributable to UHS per diluted share was $2.55 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023.  During the third quarter, same facility revenues at our behavioral health hospitals increased by 7.6%, primarily driven by a 6.5% increase in revenue per adjusted patient day. The patient day growth in the quarter was greater at our acute care behavioral hospitals versus our lower acuity residential treatment centers, which tended to drive up the revenue per day beyond the already robust levels we've been posting for several periods.  Additionally, as we have anticipated in our original 2023 guidance, we're beginning to see a negative impact of Medicaid redeterminations in certain states on behavioral health volumes. With 8.3% revenue growth, same-facility EBITDA for our behavioral health hospitals has increased approximately 10% during the first 9 months of 2023 compared to the comparable prior year period.  Our acute hospitals experienced strong demand for their services in the third quarter with adjusted admissions increasing 6.8% year-over-year. in part because the volume growth was skewed somewhat to lower acuity procedures, overall revenue growth was 7.5%.  While overall surgical volumes increased about 3% from the prior year quarter, there was a continuing shift from inpatient to outpatient. Additionally, we note that managed care behavior has become more aggressive in 2023 as it relates to denials and patient status classification changes. Meanwhile, the amount of premium paid in the third quarter was $69 million, reflecting a 15% decline from the amount in the previous several quarters. The continued robust increase in acute volumes is the major reason the premium pay has not declined further.  It's worth noting that our average hourly rate, which includes premium pay was slightly lower than in the third quarter of 2022 -- in 2023 as compared to the comparable prior year quarter. Our cash generated from operating activities was $815 million during the first 9 months of 2023 as compared to $699 million during the same period in 2022.  In the first 9 months of 2023, we spent $537 million on capital expenditures and acquired $2.7 million of our own shares at a total cost of approximately $367 million. Since 2019, we have repurchased approximately 26% of the company's outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2023, we had $721 million of aggregate available borrowing capacity pursuant to our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. I will now turn the call over to Marc Miller, President and CEO, for closing comments.
Steve Filton: Sure. Just in terms of sort of the first part of your question, in terms of 2024 guidance, Justin, as you know, we don't -- won't formally give our 2024 guidance until our fourth quarter earnings call at the end of February. I think it's fair to say that we continue to believe that the underlying metrics of the two businesses.  As Marc kind of alluded to in his remarks, every sort of passing quarter, continue to resemble more of our pre-pandemic operating environment. And I think broadly, that's sort of the way we're thinking about 2024. I'm not going to go through a detailed list of puts and takes for 2024 at this point. Obviously, the most significant one is the one that you mentioned. This supplemental program in Nevada, which we've been disclosing in our Qs and Ks for a number of quarters now.  We believe the program has been submitted by the State of Nevada to CMS. We believe that the state has been talking with CMS so that they believe that the program meets the CMS requirements, and I think they're anticipating CMS approval. Based on our experience with like programs, we don't believe there's anything in the program that CMS should fundamentally object to. But obviously, it's not over until there is CMS approval.  I think the state's expectation is that approval is likely forthcoming early in 2024. The program is supposed to be retroactive. It's created to be retroactive to January 1 of 2024. We are still waiting for the state to publish an impact file, which would show their estimate of the impact on individual hospitals.  People have been using a number to, I think, estimate the impact on UHS in total in Nevada in the $100 million to $150 million range. And based on our understanding of the program mechanics, that doesn't seem like an unreasonable estimate.  So again, the outstanding dynamic is CMS approval. We think it's probably forthcoming early in 2024. But obviously, we'll continue to keep people updated as we learn anything new.
Steve Filton: Yes. And to be perfectly candid, Jason, I think we're guesstimating to a degree, the impact. What we have noticed during the quarter is that in certain states and probably for us, most notably, Texas, certainly being the largest one, and it's been reported that I think there have been at least 1 million people redetermined off the rolls in Texas.  But what we've noticed in a place like Texas is that the number of calls and inquiries that we're getting that qualify from both a clinical and financial perspective, meaning there's adequate coverage available [indiscernible] have declined a little bit in the quarter. We don't know, I think, precisely that, that's related to Medicaid redeterminations, but we sort of draw that conclusion kind of based on historical trends and metrics.  As has been reported, it seems like a lot of these redeterminations are for administrative reasons. And a great number of these people will be able to get back reenrolled. And when they reach out to us, we certainly can help them do that. We can also try and help them to get other coverage. But a lot of those things take a little bit of time. So I think our perspective on this is it's probably, in large part, kind of a temporary dynamic. But I think we feel like there is a reasonable chance that our volume growth, particularly in our residential business amongst our trial on adolescent population might have been greater in the third quarter, had it not been for the impact of Medicaid redetermination, again, especially in Texas, but a handful of other states as well.
Steve Filton: Yes, I would just remind people that we have slowed our share repurchase a little bit in Q2. It seems like ages ago, but there was the threat of a government shutdown at the time, and we were concerned potentially about some short-term cash flow crunch issues. But obviously, that got resolved at least for the time being, and we resumed our sort of regular share repurchase activity in Q3. And I think we generally sort of think about using the bulk of our free cash flow for share repurchase going forward.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think the way you frame the question, Stephen, is quite appropriate. I think that what we experienced or observed was particularly early on in the pandemic when health care utilization dropped dramatically. I think we felt like the managed care payers eased up quite a bit in what -- sort of what their historically more aggressive utilization review, audits, denials, patient status changes, that sort of thing.  I think as utilization picked up for the industry in 2023 and seem to be getting more back to normal and I think created some pressure on the MLRs for the managed care companies they got -- they returned to sort of what I would describe as their historical practices when it came to again, denial and claims reviews and that sort of thing. And I think that's what we're seeing. And I think the way it's reflected is. And it's difficult to quantify in a precise way, but our acute care revenue per adjusted admission, which was up only modestly in the quarter, I think we would have been higher had it not been for this behavior.  Now I think to a degree, we view it as again, relatively temporary in nature. You saw that our accounts receivable days outstanding ticked up in the quarter. A lot of this is I think, sort of an extended process, meaning we'll appeal a lot of these claims denials. We'll work to collect a lot of these moneys. And I think we will collect a substantial amount of them down the road. But again, in the current period, it did weigh I think, somewhat on our acute care revenue per adjusted administered.
Steve Filton: Okay. Quite a bit in your question, A.J., I'll try and cover it all. again, I think on the acute side, as you suggest, in our prepared comments, and I think we've talked about this in previous quarters, I think the volumes are particularly high in 2023 because we are experiencing, not just us, but the industry in general, some level of recapture of procedures that were postponed or deferred during the pandemic. And I think by their nature, those procedures tend to be the lower acuity, less intense procedures. Obviously, the emerging sorts of procedures that occurred during the pandemic, the heart attacks, the strokes, the accidents, trauma, those were attended to immediately but more elective, low-intensity stuff with the things that were deferred, including as -- even as simply as visits to primary care physicians, et cetera. And so as those began to occur kind of in their more normal trajectory, they sort of create a cascade of demand as well. So somebody who hasn't seen their primary care doctor for a couple of years, now goes and now had his visit to the cardiologist or had routine colonoscopy or whatever it may be. And I think you're seeing that.  So as our volumes, I think, are elevated, our revenue per admission is somewhat more muted. I think over time, we would expect our volumes to moderate a little bit, but also our revenue per adjusted admission to come up. And again, I think we have a view that the long-term model in this business has not changed dramatically. I think we imagine that revenue growth in the acute business over time for a historically long time has been in that kind of mid-single-digit range, 5%, 6%, 7% and split pretty evenly between price and volume. And I think as time passes, we'll get closer and closer back to those historical norms.  I think on the behavioral side, as you suggest, the sort of dynamic has been -- kind of the flip side of that where pricing has been particularly strong. And again, that's a little bit of a mix issue. We've talked about some weakness in the residential business. In a couple -- a handful of facilities that are challenged with some very specific issues, but also with Medicaid redeterminations I mentioned earlier. But again, I think over time, those at least will see an increase in residential business. That will naturally bring down pricing, but will also increase volumes.  And the staffing issue just is a continuing issue we remain constrained in some markets, in some facilities by a lack of staff that could be nurses. It could be therapists. It could be mental health technicians who are nonprofessionals. Generally, I think we continue to improve our recruitment and our retention metrics. And I think those metrics as they continue to get better, will drive greater volumes.
Steve Filton: Yes. So Jamie, the comment that we made in Q2 was that we had originally anticipated and what we included in our 2023 original guidance was that physician expense would be $55 million to $60 million higher in 2023 than it was in 2022. As it turned out, I think this has been a bigger issue than we anticipated, and I think virtually all of our peers anticipated around the country. And what we said is that we anticipated that the second half of the year would also reflect like another $55 million or $60 million increase over the second half of 2022. And we are tracking very closely to those numbers in the third quarter. So in other words, I don't think we've had a material sequential increase in our pro fees or in our physician expenses.  Our expectation, what we said at the time was we thought -- not necessarily that physician expenses would absolutely flatten out in 2024. But certainly, that the rate of increase, which is running in the 35%, 40% range this year would moderate significantly. And while I think we were not prepared to suggest exactly what it would be right now, I think, something in the 10% to 15% range of increase would be sort of more of what we would expect.  And it's really a function of -- the industry, I think, has largely sort of had to reset itself since the No Surprise Billing Act passed and the impact of that on the profitability of these physician billing businesses or physician services, the impact of the lower billings paves its way through the system.  So what we're finding is we're replacing those contracts that are most expensive. We're putting them out to bid. We're in some cases, in-sourcing the service. We believe that we'll be able to -- through those activities drive greater efficiencies, and that's why we have this general view that 2024 will not be as volatile and will not have as many material increases as we saw in 2023. But certainly, as we get closer to our 2024 guidance, we'll have a better sense of that, and we'll give more detail. But again, at the moment, we're tracking for the back half of the year, sort of exactly where we said we'd be last quarter.
Steve Filton: Sure. So the only hospital that will actually open in 2024 is our West Henderson facility in Las Vegas, which I think at the moment is scheduled to open either late in Q3 or early in Q4. So I think it will have a bit of a drag in our 2024 results. But given that it's relatively late in the year, given our historical success in opening hospitals in that market, I don't think it will be a tremendous drag. Again, as we get closer to our actual guidance, we'll put some more concrete numbers around that. But I don't think it should be terribly impactful to our 2024 guidance.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think as I mentioned, and again, I want to be clear that I'm not sure that the data that we get and the space that we have is sort of absolutely precise or that we can sort of correlate it to redeterminations in a very precise way. I think what we observed during Q3 was that the number of inquiries that we're getting, and that includes, as you suggest, referrals from third-party sources. It includes direct calls to our 800 numbers, it includes direct inquiries to our Internet sites, et cetera. We're not necessarily down in volume, but what we were noticing is that it was a greater number of patients who did not have appropriate financial coverage. We always have some patients who don't, but it seems -- that number seemed to elevate in Q3. And it seemed to elevate in particular geographies in which Medicaid redeterminations were high. I mentioned Texas a bunch of times. I think Arkansas, Indiana, were also states where we saw an elevated level.  But again, I'm not sure that I can parse it between inquiries from referral sources or direct increase to us. And like I said, I don't know that we can also tie it directly to what we generally are asking patients is what their current sort of financial coverage is. We're not necessarily getting their history of had Medicaid, lost Medicaid. We will talk to them about whether we can help them get Medicaid coverage, et cetera, but we don't necessarily document the history there. So it's a little bit difficult to, I think, give the level of sort of precise data that you're looking for.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think the truth is, Pito, these contracts are multiyear contracts, but they all have short-term outs. So in other words, I mean, I think the reason this physician expense issue became a crisis in 2023. And is that -- even though hospitals, I think, have long-term contracts with their physician -- their contract physician providers, their ER physicians, their anesthesiologist those groups were coming to hospitals and saying, look, we're going to give you a 90-day or 120-day notice whatever our contract calls for unless you're able to increase our subsidy or change our contract in some way, et cetera.  So I'm not sure that the underlying length of the contract is all that determined because I think in most cases -- for us, and I'm guessing for others in the industry because otherwise, this wouldn't have become the issue that it did have -- all have short-term out.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so I've said before that it is virtually impossible for us to precisely say whether a particular procedure is a catch-up of something that was postponed or deferred during the pandemic. So in other words, when we schedule an elective surgery or an elective diagnostic test. We have no idea when that patient sort of originally contemplated that procedure or discussed it with their physician, et cetera.  What we do know is that the volume of elective procedures clearly declined certainly in the early stages of the pandemic and they have been picking up since. And so we conclude and I think it's a reasonable conclusion that there is some element of catch-up. And to be fair, if you look at it, acute care adjusted admissions for us were up like 10% in the first quarter. Which was really kind of an extraordinary number. It's moderated a little bit in Q2, down to like 8%, which is still a very high number, moderated to a little less than 7% in Q3. Which, again, still a very robust number from a historical perspective, but seems to be moderating a little bit.  Your question about how quickly it continues, how much is left in the pipeline. The truth of the matter is I'm not sure that anybody can answer that question with precision. I just don't know that, that data is out there in a meaningful way that anybody can capture. So look, when we, again, give our 2024 guidance, we will make some guesstimate based on trends and how it's going and what we think acute care volumes will look like in 2024.  But I think broadly, our view is that those lower acuity volumes will continue to get caught up and moderate, and we'll get back to again, mid-single-digit acute care revenue growth that ultimately will be split between price and volume pretty evenly, whether that happens early in '24. Late in '24, I think that's yet to be determined.  Your question about denials, particularly in the acute business, the issue that I think is probably, first and foremost, tends to be classification of patients between an inpatient admission and observation status. With obviously a patient who -- and this is frustrating for us because A lot of these patients are in the hospital for multiple days. But from the managed care perspective, don't meet inpatient admission criteria even though we're treating them for multiple days and maybe then getting paid for them as if they were simply an outpatient in our emergency room.  But that's the main issue. We do get sort of flat out denials where an insurance company would say that a patient shouldn't have been treated at all. But the vast majority of issues that we have with insurance companies on the acute side are over patient classification between inpatient and observation.
Steve Filton: Thanks, Ann. So you alluded to the two items that we probably discussed at the greatest length in Q2 that was affecting behavioral volumes in Q2. One was a handful of residential treatment facilities that were challenged with very kind of specific and nuanced issues with either regulators or referral sources, et cetera, that were working their way through.  And then secondly, on a broader kind of more macro basis, so significant amount of new nursing graduates into the system, having to orient them, get them trained, et cetera. In both cases, we talked about the fact that the sort of recovery from those things would take the better part of the year. But by the end of the year and early into 2024, we thought both those issues would be largely behind us. I think that's true.  The first issue is a much more sort of identifiable issue, those facilities will sort of return to their normal trajectory. The staffing issue is obviously an ongoing one. We're constantly hiring new nurses and having to train them, et cetera. Again, I think it became an issue in Q2 in the spring when a lot of new nursing graduates were coming out of school where those numbers sort of crept up and we're having sort of a measurable impact in the business.  I think the encouraging thing from our perspective is that overall, our hiring rates as well as our turnover -- hiring rates are going up and our turnover rates are coming down, albeit in both cases incrementally. Which should allow us to, in our minds, get back to kind of what we think is a more normative and expected level of volume growth in behavioral, which is probably not terribly higher than the 1% we're running now, but maybe in the 3% or 4%. And in terms of our model and our ability to generate incremental earnings and incremental margin growth, that small increase in occupancy should make a big difference.
Steve Filton: Yes. So it was $69 million in Q3, which is about a 10% to 15% increase over what we've been running last few quarters.
Steve Filton: Yes. I just think they're discrete issues, Kevin. I think again, Medicaid redeterminations, I think, again, in just certain geographies are creating, we believe, relatively temporarily a bolus of patients who lack coverage, who didn't lack coverage, let's say, a quarter ago or 2 quarters ago. And so where -- we seem to be turning more patients away in Q3 for lack of financial resources than we have had in the past.  But again, we think that's sort of a temporary issue. The staffing issue tends to be more of an issue in the acute behavioral business just because we rely more on RMs in that patient care model. And so yes, I mean, the staffing constraint and the deflection issue in behavioral tends to be more skewed to the acute behavioral business than the residential business.
Steve Filton: Yes. So two things. Number one, in terms of the first question, yes, I should have been clear this is the physician expenses really, as we've been discussing, it is really ER coverage, anesthesiology coverage and by definition, is an acute care issue, and those percentages were meant to be percentages of acute care revenue.  Your second question about sort of isn't just like any other expense. I mean, again, as I was mentioning, I think in a previous response, I think what really drove this sort of immediate pressure and position expense and the timing of it was the passage of the No Surprise Billing Act. And what I think we all collectively learned was that these physician coverage businesses had relied on their profitability in large part for their billings to out-of-network patients. I'm not sure collectively, we have a full understanding of that. So when that ability was reduced dramatically by the No Surprise Billing Act, those businesses to the degree that they were run by third parties or even to the degree that hospitals were insourcing, became much less profitable, and we had to absorb those costs. I mean in our case, in almost all cases, we were just having to pay third parties more.  But I think once that gets reset, I'm not sure there be pressure continues. I mean, to me, that's a onetime reset. I think that's what you're seeing play through our numbers in 2023, et cetera. I do think there's also an element, I mean, there is, I think, a finite -- there's a shortage of these kinds of doctors much like there was a shortage of nurses that we felt during the pandemic, and that exacerbated the dynamic a little bit. But again, I think that expense rose by 35% or 40% for us in 2023. I can't think of another expense that rose by anywhere near that amount. And so again, I think we have a view that this is a largely kind of onetime notion. That's not to say that there won't be pressure on physician expense next year that, as I said earlier, it couldn't increase by 10% or 15%. And something above the rate of inflation. But I just don't think we think that this is something that we're going to have to face 35% or 40% increases multiple years in a row.
Steve Filton: Yes, I don't think anybody is suggesting that physician expenses are likely to decline anytime soon. I don't think that's anything we have suggested. Like I said, we said earlier, when people talk about what's it likely to be in 2024, I said a 10% or 15% increase is not an unreasonable way to think about it.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, so Whit, I think as we've discussed, obviously, staffing, recruitment retention remains a top priority and focus, and honestly, I think will continue to be for the foreseeable future. Like I said, I think we feel like we've made a significant amount of progress, but it continues to be a major focus because, again, I think we have a belief that to the degree that we can hire appropriate clinical personnel, particularly in very specific geographies, very specific hospitals. We absolutely have the ability to increase occupancy significantly.  There are other initiatives, I think we have to increase occupancy. I think broadly, increasing occupancy is sort of the most significant opportunity we see in our behavioral business. In a business where pricing has been strong, where I think what Q3 reflects is that cost controls have been improving. We've been reducing contract labor. We've been reducing over time. I think that increased occupancy is the most significant opportunity we had in [indiscernible] going forward. And I think we believe it's a significant opportunity.  Recruitment retention is a big way to get there, but we're looking at broadening our continuum, focusing on certain service lines like substance abuse and MAT and telehealth and outpatient and broadening sort of the continuum of care that we already, I think, offer a pretty broad continuum of care, but broadening that even more and broadening our payer mixes that we reach out to, we have a pretty strong presence in both the active and retired military but I think have a number of initiatives to increase our penetration there. So there's a handful of important initiatives in behavioral. But all I think would fall under this umbrella of being able to increase occupancy.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I feel like -- and I will say that we don't pay a great deal of attention to consensus estimates, but the last time that I looked at consensus estimates, I think they were sort of in the midpoint of our revised guidance. It seems like a reasonable target at the moment. I think as we've discussed on the call, in my mind, clearly, the two upsides for us, number one, as we just discussed, is if we're able, over the fourth quarter to increase behavioral volumes and occupancy, I think that would be extremely helpful and create a significant amount of upside. And on the acute side, being able to push that pricing number up, recapture some of the sort of disputed amounts from our managed care payers, increased acuity, that sort of thing.  So I think we've largely discussed what the upsides are and that if we were able to achieve those things, maybe we could get beyond where the consensus targets have us now.
Steve Filton: Yes. So first of all, for us, Josh, all of these contract services have historically been outsourced at least ER and anesthesiology. We have, in the last 3 or 4 months, brought some of those services in-house where we thought it made economic sense to do it, but historically, they've all been outsourced.  I think it's a very different dynamic. And I think again, it's very specific to these house-based physicians, anesthesiology, ER being by far the highest ones. But we're seeing it some in radiology, some in intensivist or labors or whatever. But clearly, ER and anesthesiology being the two largest. Our employed physicians who are just either regular primary care or specialists. I don't think they've been affected in a material way by the No Surprise Billing Act. Essentially, those physicians are in network with virtually all of the payers that we're in network with. So it's really not an issue with them. So this dynamic, I think, is very specific to the hospital-based physicians.
Steve Filton: Yes. And again, I think I made those comments earlier. I mean, I think, yes, I think we think that in both cases, revenue growth, whether it's exactly in the beginning of 2024 later. But I think we think it moderates to sort of more historically normative levels. And I would also say a more historically normative split.  So on the acute side, I do think volumes are likely to come down over time, but I think acuity will come up. And again, we'll get back to kind of mid-single-digit pricing.  I think in behavioral, we're likely to see pricing moderate a little bit, but also see volumes come up and again, get to kind of mid-to-upper single-digit pricing or upper single-digit revenue growth. And in both cases, I think with the moderation in costs with physician expense on the acute side coming into better control with contract labor coming down and overtime coming down, it should put us in a position where we're back on that trajectory of getting -- being on a path to get back to pre-pandemic margins in both segments.
Steve Filton: Thank you. We'd just like to thank everybody for their time and look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter.
