Steve Filton: Thank you and good morning. I am Steve Filton. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30th, 2011. As discussed in our press release last night the company recorded adjusted net income per diluted share of $1.04 for the quarter compared to $0.68 during the second quarter of 2010 as calculated on the supplemental schedules included with last night’s press release. We are maintaining our previously announced guidance for the full year with earnings per diluted share expected to be $3.85 to $4. During this conference call we will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, and similar words that represent forecast projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking estimates and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2010, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2011. We’d like to highlight just a couple of developments in business trends before opening the call up to questions. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenue increased 6.1% during the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year were down approximately 1% for the quarter. On a same-facility basis, revenue per adjusted admission increased 7.1% over last year’s quarter. The increased revenue was due to higher acuity, improved payer mix, and strong commercial pricing. We define operating margin as operating income or net revenue less salaries, wages, and benefits, other operating expenses, supplies expense and provision for doubtful accounts divided by net revenues. The impact of the prior year items included on the supplemental schedules are not included in our divisional operating margin. On a same-facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 15.2% during the second quarter of 2011 from 14.2% during the second quarter of 2010. The margin improvement resulted mainly from improved payer mix, higher acuity and strong commercial pricing. Our acute care hospitals provided charity care and uninsured discounts based on charges at established rates amounting to 239 million and 190 million during the three month periods ended John 30, ‘11 and ‘10 respectively. As a percentage of gross revenue the combined total of bad debt, charity care and uninsured discount was slightly lower than last year’s second quarter. On a same-facility basis, revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.2% during the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted patient days at our behavioral hospitals owned for more than a year increased 3% during the second quarter and revenue per adjusted day increased 3.8% compared to the comparable prior year quarter. These same favorable trends were present in the results of the recently acquired PSI facilities which largely met our financial expectations for the second quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 26.7% during the quarter ended June 30, 2011 as compared to 27.4% during the comparable prior year period, primarily due to the temporary closure of some capacity at one of our Pennsylvania facilities to repair certain physical plant problems. Our cash flow from operating activities was $173 million during the second quarter of 2011 as compared to $88 million in the second quarter of 2010. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 44 days during the second quarter of 2011 from 42 days in 2010. At June 30, 2011, our ratio of debt to total capitalization was 63% and the ratio of debt to EBITDA was 3.8 times. We spent $60 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter. We opened a total of 176 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities during the first two quarters of 2011 and anticipate opening another 150 new beds during the remainder of this year. At this point Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions.
Steve Filton: A. J., I think the three elements that we’ve highlighted as contributing to the strong revenue performance in acute care are essentially the exact same three that we highlighted in Q1.A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Right.
Steve Filton: Higher acuity and that’s true in our Medicare book of business as well as our non-Medicare book. Better payer mix, and as we talked about in Q1, what we really mean by that is lower – a lower level of uninsured patients. And basically we talked in Q1 about the fact that after a couple of years of having uninsured admissions grow by 5 and 6%, uninsured admissions were sort of flat in Q1 and they are sort of, flat in Q2. So that trend continued. And then finally, we sited in both quarters strong commercial pricing, and again, in each of the cases, the trends continued from Q1 into Q2.A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Okay. So you just haven’t seen any change, basically.
Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. Alan, I think in his quote specifically in the press release, highlighted the contribution of the large acute care capital projects, and by that I think he was referencing the three large capital projects we’ve talked about for a couple of years now, and that’s the new tower at Summerlin in Las Vegas, and then the replacement facilities for Texoma and Palmdale in California. Combined, there’s probably $4 to 5 million of capital investment in those three projects. Two of which opened in early 2010 and Palmdale opened in late 2010. Those projects I think as a result of the recession have taken a little bit longer to ramp-up than we originally anticipated, but are clearly ramping up, and I would say the three facilities combined contributed at least half of the EBITDA growth that we had as a company in Q2, which again is why I think, you know, Alan specifically called that out in his comments in the press release. As far as what they will contribute in the future next year, I’m not going to be specific. I’m sure when we give our 2012 guidance we’ll be more specific, but I think the expectation is that each of those three project will continue to improve.
Steve Filton: Yeah. Definitely Texoma and Palmdale. Summerlin is little bit harder to sort of, segregate out because obviously it’s an existing hospital with existing capacity, so it’s a little bit harder to do. But for the most part, yes. I think we – those trends we sort of talked about in our same-store facilities.
Steve Filton: You know, I think in our Q1 call we talked about using a number of about 400 million. I still think that’s a reasonable estimate. Obviously, if you annualize the first six months you’ll get a higher number, but certainly our guidance implies that our earnings will be lower in the second half of the year. You have to take that into account. I think we would suggest that our capital spend, which has been very, very tight in the first six months is likely to increase a little bit in the second half of the year. So I think that $400 million number is still not – it’s probably a bit of a conservative estimate but not a bad place holder.
Steve Filton: Yeah, Justin, can I interrupt for one second, the one thing I should call out, though, sort of a nonrecurring item is, we did sell one of the PSI facilities that were acquired by the FTC to sell in the beginning of July, and if we sell the other three facilities that we acquired just to sell that would be an element of cash flow that would obviously be above and beyond what folks have seen in the first half of the year.
Steve Filton: Sure. So I’ll talk about Sierra first, Adam. Pretty much the comments that we made, I think in Q1 still apply. We – I think we’ve made throughout Q2. We have the contract with Sierra is actually expired. We have an agreement in principal in place with Sierra as to a new to three-year contract with a rate increase that falls well within our sort of quoted managed care price increase range. We continue to go back and forth with Sierra over some very detailed conversations about essentially how to allocate that increase to specific diagnoses and procedures etcetera. And we believe we’ll conclude those conversations in short order and sign a formal contract at that point. As far as the overall trends in Las Vegas, we said in Q1 that the beat in Q1 and the very significant beat in Q1 was largely driven by Vegas performance, very strong payer mix. I think we’ve seen those positive payer mix trends continue into Q2. We have seen volumes weaken a little bit in Las Vegas in Q2. And so as a result, I think that the improvement in EBITDA in the acute division in Q2 is sort of a more widely dispersed among the acute portfolio and not as concentrated in Las Vegas as it was in Q1, although Las Vegas still is ahead of where it was in Q2 of last year.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, I think the comments there would be similar to what we’ve been saying for the last few quarters. Again, we’ve seen soft volumes in that market, but improved payer mix trends, and so the market actually continues to, frankly, outperform where we thought they’d be this year, which has been a positive, obviously. But again, I think it’s largely reflective of the overarching trends that we’ve seen which are, weaker volumes than we expected but better payer mix.
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean, we’ve – from the outset side of this 35 to $45 million synergy number which was meant to refer to the amount of corporate overhead savings we thought were available as a result of the transaction and as we have on numerous occasions, we’ll reiterate today we think we are very much on track to meet that within the sort of two-year period that we set for ourselves in the beginning.
Steve Filton: Yeah. As I said in my comments, Ralph, we had some physical plant problems that, in order to repair them we had to close down some capacity. Not all of the – the facility is still open. I believe I don’t have the date in front of me. I believe it was closed for most of the second quarter, and we expect it to the reopen sometime fairly soon, mid to late August. So we may have a bit of a lingering effect into Q3, but then it should be behind us.
Steve Filton: Our occupancy rates continue to run for both portfolios in the high 70s, and I think from our perspective, that still means that there are any number of facilities that are operating at what we would deem to be inefficient levels of occupancy, meaning that we’re turning patients away, and that’s why we’ve added, as my comments indicated, 175 or so beds so far this year, and we expect to add another 150 in the balance of the year. And I think at a similar rate in the following couple of years, I think we still think there’s an opportunity again in the entire portfolio for facilities that quite frankly are operating at that high 70s, low 80s, in some cases even higher than that occupancy levels at relatively attractive investments, invest in new capacity and earn a decent return.
Steve Filton: As is always the case, when we have these calls, the only real metric that we have any real insight into at this point is volumes and I would say that the early indications of Q3 are no different than they were in Q2, which is pressure on acute care volumes and strength on the behavioral side.
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, the managed care pricing range that we’ve quoted for some time now has been this 5 to 7%. And I think by characterizing managed care pricing on the strong side implies that we’ve been at the high end of that range, and we’ve not really seen any significant changes in that in the last couple quarters.Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Steve Filton: Yeah. Whit, I think, what we’ve said about physician practice acquisition is that we’re approaching it judiciously and definitely on market by market basis. I think that we believe that some of the benefits of physician practice acquisition have been overstated. We think that frankly the history of the industry has demonstrated that on more than one occasion. But, on the other hand we also recognize and acknowledge that particularly in certain markets; there is competitive pressure to do so. So it’s a bit of a mixed bag. In some markets, we’re pursuing physician acquisitions pretty aggressively and have already completed some. In other market, like a Las Vegas, physician practice acquisition has really kind of been a non-event in the market itself, and we’re certainly not doing anything to disrupt that dynamic. So it’s a bit of a mixed bag, and as we, I think, approach this business in general, we do what we think is right in every individual market to suit market facts and circumstances.
Steve Filton: Yeah, I mean, I think, first of all, as we’ve I think disclosed before, we’ve brought one hospital live on the Cerner system, which we – is the system that we think will qualify for the meaningful use criteria. We have schedule to bring the remaining 24 hospitals live over the course of the next two years. We have submitted applications to a number of states for Medicaid reimbursement for 2011. Some of the state Medicaid programs allow reimbursement really based just on your commitment to implement a system as opposed to meeting the same sort of criteria that Medicare and the high-tech act required. It is conceivable. We’ve applied for those funds. We think that we could receive by the end of 2011 some not insubstantial amount, but we’re also continuing to talk with our accountants and auditors about how we would recognize that. I know that some of our peers have already recognized those revenues. I think we are inclined generally to recognize the revenues as we implement the system, but we’ll do whatever the industry deems to be the appropriate accounting treatment.
Steve Filton: I mean, I – we’ve applied for amounts that probably fall between 10 and $20 million. I wouldn’t speculate at this point on the likelihood of what we might receive in 2011.
Steve Filton: I’m sorry. Yeah, it’s hard I guess for me to describe what’s kind of a normal managed care negotiation, Frank. The Sierra negotiation is a little different because I think some of our contracts have more differentiation existing between diagnoses, etcetera. The Sierra contract was – as large it was it was largely kind of a single rate contract, and we were trying to be a bit more nuanced in this go-round, and I think that’s what’s causing a little bit of the extra work here at the end. But I don’t think it’s terribly – indicates a terrible departure from what would be the shape and structure of other managed care contracts.Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Steve Filton: I think the case-mix index is probably – Medicare case-mix index is probably 3 or 4% higher than it was in the comparable quarter last year, and I think our non-Medicare case-mix increased by a similar amount.
Steve Filton: I believe that the increase in both quarters was fairly similar, although sequentially Q2 was yet higher than Q1.
Steve Filton: Yes. So at least from a Medicare perspective, our case-mix index – we made this comment in Q1, but I’ll reiterate – is now – it’s the highest it’s ever been.
Steve Filton: No, I would say – and again, as you might imagine, John, I mean, we’ve been largely focused this week on our own results and not paying too much attention to what others have reported, but I know that HCA talked a little bit about cardiovascular procedures, in general, and ICD procedures specifically. We’ve seen those procedures decline. I don’t think – I certainly wouldn’t say that that’s new to Q2. I think that decline has been fairly secular and has been in place for some time now. So, again, I don’t think there was anything terribly different about that trend for us in Q2. And obviously, we’ve seen an uptick in enough other procedures to move the acuity needle up.
Steve Filton: Well, I think, you can just sort of go from the overall numbers. I mean, these are rough numbers, but admissions are up 7%, patient days are up 3%, which sort of implies that length of stay is down 4. What that really means is because of the length of stay decline is focused in the residential business, the length of stay is down even more than that in the residential business. But that order of magnitude, I think, gives awe sense of what we’re talking about.
Steve Filton: Well, I would answer the question in two ways, John. I mean, one is – look, I think that the reduction in length of stay on the part of state Medicaid programs is part in parcel with the reduction in Medicaid rates. I mean it is just another mechanism for the states in their own minds to pay less for mental healthcare. I think, from a clinical perspective, what our clinicians would argue is one of the reasons you’re seeing admissions so strong even in the residential business as well as the acute business is that it is a sort of clinically flawed strategy that you’re just discharging these parents sooner and they’re just coming back to the facility faster. So I’m not sure that it’s an effective strategy on the states’ part, but I’m not sure they are going to abandon it. So I think, as long as we continue to see Medicaid rate cuts, we’re likely to see Medicaid length of stay cuts as well.
Steve Filton: John, I think the company was more focused on acquisitions and growing the company and showing size growth, quarter-by-quarter and not as detailed on the operations.
Steve Filton: Jake, I mean to be fair, I think the idea of having a range out there is that we’re suggesting that that’s our range. Once we start suggesting in essence where in the range we should be, I think we’ve changed our range. So we’re going to just stick with telling you what our range is.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their time this quarter, and we look forward to speaking with everyone again after the third quarter results.
Alan Miller: The integration is going well. We’re pleased with it. And we have found areas of upside. We’re working on a couple of problems but on balance, we’re very happy with it.
Alan Miller: Sure. Well, to some degree, Ralph, I’m going to express the same sentiments we expressed in Q1. We’re extremely pleased with the very robust revenue performance in acute care but we remain cautious about it because obviously we’re still in an economic recovery that appears to just about everybody to be fairly fragile and uneven, and so particularly as it has affected the numbers of uninsured, we saw dramatic drop in those in Q1, and we sustained that in Q2. We’d like to be able to believe we’ll be able to sustain that completely going forward but are not quite so sure. We’ve also seen an increase in acuity in Q1 and again in Q2. I think to some degree that’s a function of the fact that the flip side is that we’ve got weaker admissions and the admissions we’re losing tend to be the less acute, more discretionary and elective sort of procedures, so what we’re left with are the more acute procedures, but I think we continue to believe that it’s quite possible and probably even likely that the acute care pricing backs off as the year goes on. The other thing that I think we know is coming is that Medicaid pricing is going to decline as the year goes on. As we’ve said many times, Medicaid pricing was flat to down 1% in the first half of the year. We expect it to be much more down 3% or 4% in the back half of the year and that will affect our overall pricing, both on the acute and frankly even more so on the behavioral side, so that’s another cautionary area that we’re keeping an eye on in the back half of the year.
Alan Miller: Look, I think, Darren, your overall point is correct. I mean, by the way, I’m not sure it’s terribly specific to Summerlin in the sense that just like when we talk about behavioral capacity expansion, if we can expand capacity in existing facilities and fill that capacity, then that’s probably the highest return investment we can make, because there’s little sort of fixed costs, fixed operating costs, that’s associated with it. I think it’s part of the reason why we’ve been able to drive behavioral margins up as much as we have in the last few years. We haven’t had as many opportunities to do that on the acute side. Summerlin has been a unique opportunity, but, yes, I think and part of the problem with Summerlin is we opened that Summerlin capacity in January of ‘10, and in the teeth of this terrible recession, particularly in Las Vegas, and so we didn’t get much impact out of it in 2010. In fact, I think Summerlin’s volumes didn’t change much. But clearly in ‘11 we’re starting to see some ramp-up, some incremental capacity, and that’s absolutely helping Summerlin’s margins and the company’s margins, and they indicated to Justin in answer to the question before, I think we would expect it would continue to get better as the economy improves and demand improves.
Alan Miller: Yeah. I know nothing really in the quarter, Darren. We’ll go back and look. But I suspect it’s probably just a tweaking of our depreciation for the opening balance sheet of PSI and some of the new projects, but nothing of an operational nature came on-line in Q2.
Alan Miller: I mean, I would to have go back and look. All I would suggest is I think that the Q2 depreciation is the right run rate to use.
Alan Miller: No, I think that what I was trying to say in my comments are simply that obviously we give same-store metrics because we have them on very strong admissions and pretty robust pricing, etcetera, and I think we were just trying to make the point that we’re seeing those same metrics in the PSI facilities as well. Alan, I think pointed to the fact that we’ve seen some areas of improvement, things like overtime and registry expense, but I think we’ve been able to impact almost immediately without any real change to the operations or disruption in the operations. I think, for the most part, you’ve heard us say that most of the operational changes that we – and improvements we would hope to make to the PSI facilities will be done in the 2012 and ‘13 timeframe, but those are the only points we’re trying to make. And we’re not trying to wordsmith or be cute about anything here. So it’s pretty straightforward from our perspective.
Alan Miller: Well, Marvin is an exceptional executive. He both has a financial background and an operating background. He is extremely highly thought of in the industry. I’ve had a number of people contact me and congratulate me on having a man of his caliber join us. He’s highly experienced. So we are very delighted he’ll be with us in a couple of weeks. We think that – as I mentioned, his strength is across the board, but he has a background in strategy. He’s very good with managed care and doing different projects and doing different joint ventures. He’s an excellent operator, and he had been designated chief financial officer. So he brings an unusual combination. He’s experienced, and we’re very excited about having him join the company.
Alan Miller: Well what I said, Christine is obviously we believe we’ve agreed upon an increased amount, and, yes, we think we’re going to get that regardless of what we agree to, that whatever we agree to in terms of the specific diagnoses and allocation of rates to procedures it will total to the agreed upon increased amount.
Alan Miller: The sale proceeds are likely to be somewhere in the $100 million range when all the deals are completed, but I can’t guarantee they will all be completed in the second half of the year.
Alan Miller: Yeah, I think the easy answer is I’m sure it’s possible, Christine. It’s certainly not possible for me right now, but we will try and put some more substance around that and maybe include it in some of our conference presentations, etcetera, perhaps in Q3.
Alan Miller: Sure. For a truly uninsured patient, in almost every case, there’s going to be a charity care and uninsured discount, and the amount of net revenue associated with that patient is going to be extremely low, quite frankly. The only exception to that would be if you add a patient who, for whatever reason, you concluded that even though they lacked insurance had the means to pay their bills and you were not taking any discount, I can assure you those patients are few and far between.
Alan Miller: I think the problem in doing that, Kevin is we include some other nonrecurring items in the non same-store stuff that I think is going to distort your attempt to do that analysis. I would tell you that I think that if you will, using the term same-store margins for both the UHS and PSI facilities are both up, and they’re both up by similar amounts on a sequential basis.Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America: Okay. That makes sense. And then the 300 plus beds that you guys are looking to build this year, I think that that number is less than what you and Psych Solutions used to be doing separately but combined. Any thought about why that number is the right number here versus maybe what the pro forma company used to be doing? And I guess I would have thought there might be some catch-up about some of the issue with Psych Solutions was they did not really continue to build beds last year. I thought there might actually be some pickup.
Alan Miller: Let me talk, John, about the problems that they may have had. We have dedicated a great deal of effort and a number of people to reviewing all the procedures, particularly in the quality area, and we’re working our way through the facilities. So I’m very confident that whatever number of incidents they have had in the past and the problems will be a lot less going forward. We have very capable group, and I think we’re doing well in that regard. With regard to the debt ceiling, I was telling Steve this morning, I view that pretty much the way I view the NFL problem. I think that ultimately it will get resolved. The business round table a couple of weeks ago, 400 companies, we sent a letter in to the administration telling them that they had to resolve the situation before we fell off a cliff somewhere, and I think that’s going to happen. And I don’t know how. There’s a vote today, as you know, and we’ve all been following this as it goes along. Now there’s a vote in the house, and then it goes to the Senate, then the President, but I can’t imagine that ultimately something doesn’t get done in the short run to avoid what could be a huge problem. And I think we’ll actually, for the hospital business, and healthcare in general, I don’t think there will be too much emphasis on us in the short run.
Alan Miller: I don’t know that there is. As Steve had mentioned, we’re very active. We’re talking to a lot of people, and where we find an opportunity, we’re in a position to act on it. We’re feeling good about our financial situation, so that’s all I could say with regard to your question.Arthur Henderson – Jefferies & Company: Okay. All right. Well, thank you, Alan. I Appreciate. Thanks, Steve.
Alan Miller: We, I think, said from the beginning that we thought we could dispose of the four facilities for a turn or two less than what we bought them for and I think we still think we’re kind of in that range.
