Steve Filton: Tom, in our original guidance, if people recall, was that acute care revenues would grow in 2012 by somewhere in the neighborhood of 3% and I think – we believe because of the comparison through ’11 that was backend loaded. So we grow by let's say 2% in the first half of the year and by 4% in the back half of the year. I think the revised guidance is frankly almost exclusively a reflection of the fact that we think that 4% growth that was embedded in the back half of the year and the original guidance is now probably 1.5% or 2% and is reflective just of the existing operating trends that we are seeing.
Steve Filton: Yeah, I think Tom that we have said a number of times that we think that going forward a reasonable growth rate, revenue growth rate in the behavioral division is probably in the 5%, 5.5% range and we have been pretty consistently meeting those targets. We were a little lower than that in Q2. As we looked at the detail of it I think we identified a number of facilities where because of ongoing either new construction projects or ongoing construction projects to convert residential to acute beds, we had to close down some capacity and we think that cost us maybe 50 or 60 or 70 basis points revenue growth in the second quarter. So I think when adjusted for that I think we feel like again that sort of 5%, 5.5% growth rate is reasonable, and the other piece is that beginning in July of 2012, the severe Medicaid reductions that we saw at this time last year of 3% to 4% moderate to something like flat to down 1% and so that’s a helpful comparison as well.
Steve Filton: A.J., just following on what I was saying to Tom. I think that 50, 60, 70 basis points that I alluded to is exactly what you’re talking about, it’s – we had beds that we had to have out of service for these construction projects. I think our sense is two-fold. Once we are able to get those beds back in service and once the new beds that we’re building or the converted beds that we’re building go back online, we’re very comfortable that the demand is actually there to support the sort of 5%, 5.5% growth rate.
Steve Filton: Yeah, so I think if you look at the difference between our admissions or unadjusted admissions and our adjusted admissions, there is a measurable difference which obviously implies that our out-patient revenues are growing faster than our in-patient. So we are certainly experiencing some of that same shift that you’re alluding to A.J., that I think the other companies are referencing. What it does also highlight however is that the unadjusted admissions that is really the straight in-patient admissions are rather weak and remain rather weak and we think that’s largely a function of these sort of very difficult economic conditions in certain of our markets, most notable Vegas and South Texas. But I think that’s the major explanation. I think other than that we feel like – as we look at what the other companies are reporting in general and directionally we’re experiencing much of the same trends.
Steve Filton: Well, I think that’s a valid observation and I think the way we would or I would sort of prove that if you will is by saying that our acuity has changed very little, and that our acuity has remained consistently high which sort of suggests that we continue to get the most tertiary and the most severe and acute cases and that the business that we’re losing tends to be the less intense business that is shifting to either to out-patient or just shifting to a non-admitted status.
Steve Filton: Ralph, I don’t have the specific metrics in front of me, but I will tell you that the trend that we saw in the quarter was very similar to what we have been seeing which is taking whatever metric you like, if you take the 1.3% decline in adjusted admissions that commercial and Medicare admissions declined more than that and Medicaid and uninsured admissions increased more than that and that unfavorable shift is one that’s been underway for some time and continues and quite frankly until we believe the economy is improving, our local markets, etcetera, it’s going to be difficult to sort of reverse those trends.
Steve Filton: Yeah, so in July of ’11 we said that Medicaid rates on average were decreasing 3% to 4%. Our guidance for 2012 presume that in July of ’12 Medicaid rates would be flat to down 1% and given all the states that we have been able to get results from etcetera, and have their rates in place, we believe we are in that range.
Steve Filton: You know, I think the answer is sort of two-fold. One, again as you alluded to Ralph is, I certainly think that we continue to improve the PSI legacy margins if you will, and in short order we are going to stop using that term. But, I also believe and we have made the case that if we are able to grow revenues by 4% or 5% in what amounts to a fixed or largely fixed and semi-fixed cost business we should be able to continue to expand margins. Again, I think you saw that in Q2, it’s not always absolutely linear. So there are some quarters in which revenue grew by a little bit more and margins didn’t increase quite as much, and in Q2 of this year revenue was a little more moderated but cost controls were better. In general, I think if we can have that 5% revenue growth that I have mentioned a few times on the call, we should continue to generate expanded margins in the behavioral business.
Steve Filton: Yes. As we have disclosed at the end of last year we had a tentative agreement to buy that medical center in the South Texas market. Subsequent to reaching a definitive agreement the seller discovered some limitations they had in being able to sell the facility, and as a result of that they were unable to resolve those and the agreement was terminated.
Steve Filton: No. As you suggest we – our intent is to close Auburn in the third quarter, late in the third quarter, and our intent, which is a little less precise and specific as it involves FTC approvals is that we will close or be able to close Ascend sometime during the fourth quarter. 
Steve Filton: I don't think so Darren I mean I would make the comment that obviously, when a market is contracting the way that Vegas or South Texas has been that, it’s natural to sort of see competition ramp up. People are competing for a smaller base of patients and it becomes sort of more intense and more severe and yeah, I think we’ve that in both markets. But I think our market position remains largely the same. There are small shifts in market share et cetera, but I think that the overarching issue again in both of those markets has been market softness that quite frankly we have been struggling for a long time now.
Steve Filton: Just to be clear because of its relative immateriality we do not show or report Auburn as a discontinued op, we just sort of removed the detailed revenues and expenses and recorded the EBITDA loss of Auburn, which was a couple of million dollars in the quarter in the other operating expense line. Because we expect to dispose off Auburn in the third quarter, we’ve included in our guidance a comparable amount for Q3 and then assume that it’s no longer owned by us.
Steve Filton: No. I think Kevin as you sort of suggest that the attention to the readmission rules has now been present for a while, the government regulations and rules about the incentive penalties in that regard have been well known now for a while. I don’t sense that we are likely to see any significant or impactful change as we move forward.
Steve Filton: Yeah, as everybody I think knows, the most significant item on that non-controlling interest line is the minority interest in the Vegas market. And, as Darren I think and others have asked about, that’s a market that’s been soft, I think that part of our reason for revising guidance is an expectation that at least in the short run it remains so. To me, the current run rate in that market, and therefore the impact on that line is probably as good a guide to at least the next couple of quarters than anything else.
Steve Filton: Again, this is another dynamic that certainly has been present now for – I would say going on for a couple of years where we’ve seen – really since I think the recession began we’ve seen Medicaid programs through the country tighten up on both the rate of payment, which lots of companies discuss, but for us, in the behavioral division, also on utilization which really I think is most notably reflected in length of stay contraction. Actually I thought one of the encouraging, albeit mildly encouraging dynamics in Q2 was that, I thought that the length of stay reduction decelerated a little bit, but I think to your point Gary, and my sense is that just as we talked about rates, Medicaid rate reductions is decelerating in July of 2012, my sense is that length of stay contraction should respond the same way because it quite frankly is emblematic of the same sorts budgetary issues. But I think it remains to be seen. I don’t think we’ve bottomed out yet, but I think the hope is that we’ll at least start to see some deceleration or stabilization in that contraction.
Steve Filton: John, I think we have said many time over the years that we’ve never set sort of target percentages in the way that you framed your question. As you know, obviously that allocation used to be dramatically different with the key contribution being higher. I think our view always is we’re looking for the next dollar of invested capital to go into whatever investment that is, whether it’s an external M&A investment in acute or behavioral or internal CapEx investment in one of those segments or in buying back our own shares, we are always looking for it to go into place where we it’s going to earn the greatest return and I think that remains our approach and our point of view.
Steve Filton: I think as Alan suggested we are seeing a large number of deals available out in the marketplace and I think that’s reflective of what our peers say as well. As you suggest John we're quite proud of the fact that we're very judicious in how we evaluate those deals and what we choose to pursue. Our general sense on the acute stuff especially is that those deals are going to be available, not those specific deals, but deals of that kind will be available now for the foreseeable future. I mean I think the landscape of healthcare is changing in the country and there’s pipeline that is robust at the moment, I think will remain so. And so we'll continue to look at those kinds of deals. Just as we're looking at organic expansion, I alluded to a couple of new projects in my remarks that were underway, and new beds in behavioral. Again all those items are on the table as we think about our business going forward.
Steve Filton: I mean it strikes me that there is starting to be an evolution as you suggest of the deals available, but I think for the last couple of years it's been heavily skewed towards the single standalone, more rural providers, and I think that we're starting to see a shift to bigger systems, multiple facility systems, et cetera. Again my sense is that it’s going to continue that we’re no nowhere near the top of the curve on that yet.
Steve Filton: I'm not aware of that. It may well be that we have that data. I mean, really all I was suggesting is that as Medicaid programs try and reduce utilization, one might expect to see a reduction in both admission rates and length of stay and for the most part what we have seen over the last few years is really no decline in admissions. In fact pretty strong admissions on both the residential and acute side. But a contraction in length of stay, and again, my sort of conclusion that I draw from that is that it may be somewhat self-defeating strategy and that you are getting some patients out sooner. But you are not really helping drive down the overall utilization if they are not effectively completing a course of treatment.Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Steve Filton: Yeah it’s a non-same-store acute.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Non-same store acute.
Steve Filton: Is where it will show up in the queue.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, great. Thanks.
Alan Miller: Yeah. Thought you were going to ask about anything that is new. Nothing happens before the election, and lame ducks are difficult. So we don’t really have any indication except that – Vice President Cheney came out a sort of seclusion and went up on The Hill and talked about the defense. So I think they are going to have to try and address something but we don’t have any indication as to where and how we accept that. The other thing I will say is that we all are in good shape with the administration. The hospitals are and I think we have got them on the defensive a little bit because of the state’s reaction to Medicaid. So I think that – I know for a fact that the administration is going to try and be helpful to hospitals.
Alan Miller: No nothing – no, I think that, you know, it is the law. But a lot of people don’t like it and a lot is happening at the state level as you are well aware with regard to the Medicaid, and it’s going to be a very brutal challenging situation legislatively in Washington regardless of who wins. I think it’s unlikely that Republicans can have a sweep of all three, house, senate, Whitehouse. But it’s going to be a really very interesting year next year. But as I said, I think we are in as good as shape as we can be because of I think very smart moves on the part of some of our representatives. I don’t mean legislatively. Representatives in different organizations. I think the administration is very strongly on our side for whatever good that is.
Alan Miller: I think Ascend is very unusual in that the quality of it, nine facilities, every one of them is really good. There is new beds coming on, they’ve been very well managed, but there is a lot of growth in it. So we think Ascend was unusually good quality wise. We’re very happy with it, very happy with it. And we think we can see a lot of growth coming from it. I don't think there are networks that we know of that are similar to Ascend, so I think Ascend was – we think Ascend was just a great acquisition. With regard to other acquisitions, we're seeing a lot. And I think in this environment it’s a question of what you want to direct yourself towards, but there are a lot of opportunities. And we are going to close Ascend and move onto look at other opportunities, both acute and behavioral. But I just want to stress, I think the Ascend deal was really an excellent deal for us, unusually excellent.
Alan Miller: John, you are particularly astute, and I can tell you – and I'm sure you have seen this or you – the industry is going through a real transition, these things take time it’s going to be slow, but it's going to be a real transition, and I think the companies that are experienced and have been successful over a long period of time, and know how to evaluate opportunities and are not impatient, are going to do really well. 
Alan Miller: I’ll just say one thing. Really good opportunities are not bargain priced, so I wouldn’t say that this was a bargain price. Cole Hamels just went for $144 million. So there aren’t a lot of really great lefthanders around, so we think Ascend was worth what we paid, in the long run.
Alan Miller: I have an announcement before everybody gets off. Hello, I have been asked by the Republican Party to post the vice president for nomination very, very directly after he is named. I say he, most likely a he and it’s going to be at my home in Philadelphia sometime between August 12 and 23. The convention starts the 24th and of course the 27th. I believe that’s a Monday night is when all the confirmations are done, etcetera. So if you would like to come to Philadelphia and have a really firsthand opportunity to meet the vice presidential prospect, let Steve know. Of course there is a contribution involved. But I will look forward to seeing some of you. It should be really a fun event.
