Alan Miller: Okay. I mean, I think generally, Matt, the approach that we took for our 2019 guidance was that the business trends in each segment would for the most part continue as they have been. So I think on the acute side, we took the position that the guidance or at least the midpoint of the guidance is based on something close to 5% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 7% EBITDA growth. On the behavioral side, much more modest revenue growth are generally more like 2% to 3% and just sort of flattish EBITDA.  Although, particularly on the behavioral side, there are a number of headwinds that we face in 2018 that will reverse themselves in 2019. Those include the start-up facilities that we had opened in 2018. It includes the regulatory sort of challenge facilities that we had in the beginning of the year that continue to be a drag for part of the year. It includes the end of the year challenges we had from Florida Hurricanes and the California fires, et cetera. So I think from an EBITDA perspective, I think I'll call it from a core. On a core behavioral basis, we expect EBITDA to be sort of flattish to maybe up 1% on a kind of all in total basis, I think we are expecting EBITDA growth of sort of 3%, 3.5% at the midpoint. As far as your question about revenue per admission, I'm not sure if that was an acute question or a behavioral question…
Alan Miller: Sure. So what we always traditionally encourage people to do on the behavioral side is really look at revenue per patient day rather than revenue per admission because the revenue per admission is distorted by the length of stay change and in fact, in Q4, we had a relatively measurable decline in length of stay, a little over 3%.
Alan Miller: Even on a patient day basis and adjusted patient day basis, our revenue per adjusted patient day was only up a little over 1% which is certainly less than it's been. I think it's a function of a couple of things. One is the continued growth in our managed Medicaid business, which tends to have a lower revenue per day and reimbursement and than our Medicare and commercial business and also the challenges we were facing in our addiction treatment business, where we continue to move from out of network rates to in network rates and that had a bit of a dampening effect. I think over time we think that, that revenue per behavioral day should grow in the 2%, 2.5% range and for the most part over the last year or so it has gravitated even to that range or slightly above it.
Alan Miller: I've mentioned also that Mark has now taken them very active role replacing Debbie and it's working out very well.
Alan Miller: Okay. We like to thank everybody for your time and look forward to talking to everybody again after the first quarter.
Steve Filton: Sure Justin. I mean, we've said for some time. I think certainly since about the beginning of 2017. So really for the last two years that the reduction in length of stay during this period has been driven primarily by a continued shift traditional Medicaid patients to manage Medicaid patients and that remains the case, you know, the majority of our total Medicaid patients are now in managed programs. In Q4, I believe 65% to 70% of our Medicaid patient days were represented by managed Medicaid days and that number has grown from I would say 50% within the last 18 months or so. So it's been a fairly dramatic shift.  The number of large states or states that are large from our perspective in terms of behavioral presence have more recently gone to a managed system states like, Florida and Kentucky and Illinois and we felt the impact of that and I think that continues to be the major driver of the length of stay contraction. Going forward, and I think we talked about this last quarter. I certainly have talked about it over the last quarter at conferences et cetera. I think our point of view is that over the intermediate term, the next 12 or 24 months. We're still presuming that that process has to play itself out. And as a consequence, I think our guidance and our projections for the next couple of years presumed that length of stay continues to decline by 1% or 2%, a year those numbers can bounce around each quarter, but I think that's our point of view over the longer term.
Steve Filton: It really has not leveled out in the last couple of years, I mean it's been an increasing trend in the last couple of years, it's not an absolute sort of straight line if you will, Justin. So I think length of stay decline bounces around, but if you kind of plotted it as points on the regression graph. I think you'd see a fairly steady decline over the last couple of years that on an average is around the 1% to 2% decline. And again, that's the trend that we would project would continue for another year or two.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean you know it's a perfectly reasonable question, Justin. And as you might imagine, I get asked all the time and I think we've been fairly candid in conceding that it's been difficult for us to predict with great precision, how this shift was going to take place over the last couple of years and how it will take place over the next couple. We certainly know the states that are, you know, moving to a more managed sort of approach, although I will make the point that in many states the changeover for behavioral care is not always done at the same time as the rest of the medical services population.
Steve Filton: So we can always tie those together and we don't, I think, have the same sort of insight and kind of real-time data that the payers have quite frankly. So the best that we can do like I said it's sort of largely kind of track where we are, obviously we know that with that no more than 100% of the population can shift, although I'm not sure we are convinced that it will be that high and presume that will continue to occur at about the same rate, but we can see it, and we wish these were not the case then we were better able to predict with greater precision and the trajectory of how that will go.
Steve Filton: Sure AJ. So I think your question surrounded mostly the acute care business. As I said, same-store revenue growth on the acute side is sort of 5% or 6% in the model. We acknowledge that kind of on the high end of what seems to be sort of industry averages, although there is not a great many good public company comparisons for our acute care business any longer. I will say that most of that number is based on our historical trends over the last couple of years, we've, while I think that's a strong number. It's reflective of the sorts of experience we've had over the last few years and the strong performance particularly in a number of our better kind of stronger franchise markets like Las Vegas, Southern California DC et cetera. I will also say, however, that I think that number is inflated particularly in 2019 by some of the increased capital spending that we've seen over the last few years, I mean, our overall capital spend has gone from roughly $350 million three or four years ago to closer to $700 million in '18 and again in '19 some of that has been real big ticket items like the new hospital in Henderson, but a lot of that is just continuing to enhance our franchises. We've added beds to our Spring Valley Hospital in Las Vegas. We've added beds to Henderson, even though it's only a couple of years old. We've added beds to Summerlin in Las Vegas. We've added very large new emergency room project to our hospital in Manatee, Florida or Bradenton, Florida, we've added emergency room capacity and beds to our hospital in Denison, which is in the North Dallas market.  So, I do think that some of that acute care revenue growth is embedded in our guidance as well as far as the health plan goes, as we've talked about over the last several years, the health plan has been steadily improving the guidance for next year continues to expect it to improve. I would say it's a kind of smaller incremental improvement next year maybe in the $8 to $10 million range. And then the offset to all that as you mentioned is the supplemental payments and we've got a schedule in the 10-K that projects this or lays out the supplemental payments over the last several years and projects the 2019 number. And in 2019, we're expecting a measurable decline in supplemental payments. All that of course is included in the guidance.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean we've been talking about for the last several years bed growth in the kind of 600 to 800 range a year which includes I think as I said in my prepared remarks additions to existing facilities as well as de novos, it's sometimes a tough number to really get again down precisely because there's always a lot of it depends on local zoning and regulatory clearance and those sorts of things, but I think our point of view is that we ought to be and we were at the high end of that range in 2018 and we certainly ought to be in that range again in 2019.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think you've almost asked and answered your question. That is correct that our share repurchase has averaged about in that $400 million range pretty consistently for the last several years. It's what we have embedded in our guidance for 2019. I think it's possible that number accelerates either as a result of a settlement of the DOJ case and/or how we think about other external opportunities that there may be out there outside of CapEx from an M&A perspective, those are often more difficult to predict but at least, sort of what we have in our guidance is fairly similar to what we've run the last few years.
Steve Filton: Yes, so if it's good question. Steve, to be fair, I know you, this morning, we've been looking at it. As I responded to you and I will tell everyone that increased supplemental payments in Q4 were in our guidance, they are about $15 million or $16 million in Texas and in our minds, I think largely an offset to the non-recurring benefits we had in last year's Q4, the blue impact and the California UPL. I'm not exactly sure why the schedule didn't seem to reflect that in Q3. We're taking a look at that and we'll let people know, sometimes like that.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think it's not appropriate to just sort of make that assumption. Although, it seems somewhat intuitive or logical, the states themselves in Texas in particular, I think tweaks and retweaks and changes their supplemental programs quite a bit to respond to sort of various needs and various constituencies. So oftentimes, it's the underlying formula itself rather than changes in sort of the nature of our business per se. And I think in the case of Texas over the last several years, it's been much more of that, that they've been changing the formula that it has been changes in our underlying business.
Steve Filton: No, no and that's a good question and a good example of the fact that the reduction in particularly thanks to UPL, which is probably about two-thirds of the overall reduction is again absolutely related to a change they have made in there. I'll call it their formula or their approach rather than any change in our businesses.
Steve Filton: So, I think our view of the fundamentals in the behavioral business have really changed very little over the last several years. Although, certainly we understand and concede that the business itself has been under more significant operating pressures than we've seen in some time. And I think our point of view is that the behavioral business and same-store revenue growth had been averaging for many years, that's sort of 5% to 7%. Certainly, it has been averaging that in the first half of this decade, the 2010 decade and then that growth slowed pretty considerably around 2000 to late '15 early '16. A lot of that slowdown was we believe attributable to a labor shortage. We still concede that we're in a pretty tight labor market, but we've made some improvements there and I think solved some of those issues.  We've also struggled with a length of stay issue that I discussed with Justin before, but I think we ultimately believe and I think are heartened by for instance the 4.5% same store adjusted admission growth in the quarter, we're heartened by the idea that and have, I think maintain this all along that the underlying demand for behavioral services continues to be strong throughout our portfolio, throughout our service lines et cetera. And that continues to be our view and our whole focus is just on doing the things we have to do to be able to sort of solve the issues whether they are labor shortages or length of stay issues that will allow us to get to those levels of historical benefit from that underlying demand.  I think the one change we've made in our guidance for 2019 that is different than what we did in '17 and '18 is we're sort of no longer projecting or predicting an exact timeframe in which we will get back and restore that's 5% growth. I think we, as I said in my remarks earlier are projecting that in our guidance, at least the behavioral business continues at about the same pace, it's running right now and at whatever point and we're working quite on a very focused basis to get there, but on whatever point it improves, we'll adjust our guidance we'll revise our going-forward sort of projections, but we're not going to kind of play this game projecting and then we projecting at the moment because we think that's too difficult to do.
Steve Filton: Sure. So we've talked, certainly for the last few quarters about changes in the addiction treatment business model that certainly the Foundations Recovery Network represented, that wasn't addiction treatment model that really relied heavily on direct to consumer marketing, either through the media, television and radio or through the Internet, there has been a number of changes in that sort of marketing, particularly in the Internet and some of the search engine logic that's made patient capture more difficult for providers over the last several years. Also, and I think many providers have acknowledged this that business has moved over the last several years from an out-of-network model to more of an in-network model and that certainly results in lower reimbursement.  Foundations also relied more heavily on a travel-to-treatment model in which patients would often travel longer distances sort of outside of their home markets to get what they consider to be sort of the best treatment available. I think payers are, have been more restrictive about those kinds of decisions, et cetera. So all those things have, I think affected the growth trajectory of that business. And then as you pointed out, and certainly we've acknowledged that and talked about that for some time. And then in the fourth quarter, I think our most profitable facility in the foundations portfolio, our addiction treatment facility in Malibu, California was closed as a result of the wildfires there. And there doesn't seem to be any path to reopening that anytime in either the near intermediate future. So that was sort of the triggering event although certainly not the primary one to do the write down.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, as we, or as I've sort of discussed in the conferences that I've attended since Debbie left the company. We've talked about the fact that we would undergo an aggressive and comprehensive search to replace her and we've done that, we've, it's still relatively early in the process, but we've been pleased at how the search is going, we think there are a number of good solid viable candidates who we're exploring and will continue to do so, but we're quite pleased with the way that our behavioral team has sort of stepped up in the interim, lots of people, kind of filling in and taking on additional responsibilities in the interim and feeling very comfortable that how the business is being run at the moment. And so when we obviously have an announcement of a new person will make that but a very comfortable in the interim that things are progressing as we would have hoped and expected in the interim.
Steve Filton: Well, I think it's both Josh, I mean, as we've said for a while now. We've adjusted our reserves periodically pretty much lately every quarter to reflect whatever our latest offer is. So that's certainly what the reserve reflects or something very close to our latest offer. But I also think it's worth noting that the gap between our offer and the government's demand has narrowed quite considerably. And I think we view ourselves certainly on the monetary issue to be close to agreement on a final number with the government.  There obviously are other issues to be negotiated along with that including release terms and a compliance agreement and the end of kind of all the spectrum of investigations. But we would hope that the monetary piece of this is sort of the most difficult and that once we can agree on that the other items will fall into place in short order, although that's always difficult to predict with the government. So, I think it's difficult for us to project any sort of precise time frame here. But we are certainly optimistic that on the core monetary issue, we are close to a settlement with the government.
Steve Filton: That is sometimes hard to say. I do believe you know particularly in our markets, that I think have shown relatively robust economic growth markets, again as I mentioned earlier, like Las Vegas, like Riverside County California, like the District of Columbia, some of our Florida markets, the North Dallas market, because I think they're growing markets, because we've done well in those markets. I think that for the most part, we're seeing our peers in those markets. Investing as well, but I think one of the reasons why we tend to be focused on making sure that we're maintaining our franchises in those markets and hopefully enhancing our market share positions is the idea that we want to make sure that we're not overtaken by our peers.  So I don't know, obviously we don't really have access to a lot of objective data about exactly how much is being spent in each of these markets. But my anecdotal sort of notion is that many of our peers, at least, those that can afford to are investing in the better markets. But I think we feel that we are maintaining our competitive position at least in every one of these markets.
Steve Filton: So, I mean as a CFO, I always sort of have the position that we can always drive more efficiencies. Then we have, and that's certainly the message I deliver to operators. But the reality is, if you look at our behavioral business over the last several years is that even on relatively modest growth. We've maintained margins in the mid '20s, I think it would be unrealistic to expect quite candidly that until we can engineer or restore that and that sort of historical level of revenue growth at around the 5%, that add 2% or 3% growth. It's possible to really have any sort of measurable either margin expansion or EBITDA growth et cetera. We certainly strive for that and we strive to be as efficient as possible, but the nature of the operating model is that most of our costs are fixed and semi-fixed. So where you really generate the leverage in this model is through at least modest revenue growth, and until you get that it's hard. Again, I'm going to always say there, there are pockets of opportunity for greater efficiency. But I wouldn't say that there are, there is any low hanging fruit out there in terms of driving greater efficiencies.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think the acute side is a different question. I think that there is an acknowledgment on our part and on the part of our operators as well as on I think observers in the industry, that there is a fair amount of duplication and some excess cost broadly in the acute industry and this is not specific to UHS. I think that the general view is that the real way to drive improvement there is through changes in the payment model, and those are certainly occurring slowly and we move, we're moving again incrementally away from the traditional fee-for-service reimbursement model to more of a what's called fee-for-value model. But, I think I would describe as more of a risk-based model. We disclosed in our 10-K for instance that we've agreed to participate in a number of additional bundled payment projects for Medicare. I think those will drive incentives and encourage sort of throughout the continuum more effective behavior and sort of a ringing out of costs and we are very focused on that. And I've talked about it for a number of years. So as the payment model changes, I do think that there is an opportunity on the acute side to drive more efficiencies and less variability in the system and that should be helpful and there'll be some card growing profitability in EBITDA and margins.
Steve Filton: We certainly have talked about that dynamic last couple of quarters, I don't know honestly that it has had a measurable impact on pricing before the fourth quarter. And so my sense and mostly because of the foundations' contribution to our overall behavioral performance is still relatively small, I don't know that over time, it will have a real dampening effect on our revenue per day, which is why I said earlier, Kevin that I think our longer-term view is that the behavioral pricing should be in that kind of 2% to 2.5% a day range and the reality is over most of the last couple years, we've been hitting that range, if not somewhat exceeding it, and I think as we looked at some of the factors affecting Q4, they were a bit anomalous and don't really expect them to continue at the same level of magnitude.
Steve Filton: No no. I think that effectively, what we are really projecting, when we're projecting 2% to 3% revenue growth in 2019. We're essentially saying that that will largely come from pricing and volumes are projected to be relatively flat in our guidance. Our hope would be we can exceed that, but that's what our guidance implies.
Steve Filton: It's always a difficult question to answer, when posed that way, Kevin, in the sense that it sort of suggest sort of a linear process that we have X amount of openings at a point in time. And then, we were able to fill 50% of them or 75% or whatever. And the reality of it is, that we fill openings and we hire and we train people and then people leave and et cetera. It's a very fluid kind of a dynamic and particularly in a tight labor market, which I think the current labor market is appropriately characterized as.  So I think we've made a lot of progress since we began to talk about this issue in late 2015 or early 2016. But we also acknowledge that it remains a tight labor market, and there are still facilities where we have vacancies and in some cases, this is sort of a chronic problem, but certainly we don't have the level of closed beds and closed units that we had two or three years ago, you know and that tends to occur now on a much more sort of one-off basis, but again I think that providers in general and behavioral providers in particular are going to be facing and the issue of the labor shortage at both the nursing and the psychiatrist level will continue to be an issue for the foreseeable future as long as the labor market remains as tight as it is right now.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think we have a point of view that we and I think folks who listen to our conference call et cetera, certainly have a good appreciation of this over the last several years, have faced some difficult operating challenges in the business and we've touched on those already in the call. The labor shortage is the pressure from our managed Medicaid payers increased competition, et cetera. And I think it's been difficult for all of our operators, including the head of the business segment to kind of taken a step back and think about how to grow this business over the kind of longer term, we believe very firmly that there isn't a very significant role for behavioral care in the future healthcare landscape. We also believe there is a growing demand for behavioral care. And I think all that is validated by much of the literature et cetera, that's being written about how to effectively deliver healthcare and in the future, et cetera and so I think we're hoping that with a new person sitting in that lead chair, that they'll have a bit more time to reflect on some of those longer-term issues and the longer-term growth opportunities in the business and in the meantime we remain and I think Alan's comment is, we remain at every level of the organization, both he, and I and Mark as well as a very capable staff senior and mid management behavioral leaders are very focused on sort of making the trains run on time and solving and addressing all those operating issues. But we would hope that a new person would really be able to do some things from a longer-term perspective, maybe we've neglected for the last year or two.
Steve Filton: No, I don't think that personnel change has anything to do with the DOJ investigation or settlement.
Steve Filton: So it's a good question. Steve, I think that there are payers who would make that argument. I think unfortunately, we have a point of view that length of stay has been viewed on the behavioral side of the business as a proxy for some sort of quality of care metric. And I think we feel that's a fundamentally flawed approach. At the end of the day, we have a point of view that length of stay is really a clinical determination that should be made by clinicians based on the clinical needs of a patient rather than the financial outcomes.  And so, I think we're reluctant to sort of promote a system that encourages anybody providers et cetera to really drive lower length of stay just to achieve a better financial result because at the end of the day, I think, we're concerned that sure changes the clinical needs of the patient. So, while I think there would be payers that would welcome that. I think that fundamentally, we prefer other measures of quality that we believe exist and we believe perfectly appropriate in terms of quality rewards and quality bonus payments, we think length of stay is the wrong measure for that.
Steve Filton: Yes. The JV pipeline. I'm sorry. We've talked about this a lot, I mean, I think, we think that the broadly the JV opportunity is a very significant opportunity somewhere around 50% or 55% of all the inpatient behavioral beds in the U.S. are today operated by acute care hospitals. And so to the degree that we can penetrate that market in some way by helping them manage those businesses by leasing those beds, by partnering with those acute care hospitals, by building new facilities with those acute care hospitals, as we've done in many of these instances, that's probably the single biggest domestic growth opportunity we have in the behavioral business. We've also acknowledge that you know despite our focused efforts, it's a relatively slow developing opportunity and will continue to be so. Now, we'll continue to focus on it and we'll continue to do those transactions that make economic sense, but it's hard sometimes to make the acute hospitals want to go or need to go faster than they're going at the current time. In the short run, then I think I kind of touched on this before the some of those projects can be a little bit of a drag. So in 2018, we opened joint venture with Lancaster new beds, we opened a new hospital win in Washington State with Providence Health Care.  That's a bit of a drag and in 2019 actually some of the improvement in Behavioral will come from the continued ramp up and growth in those facilities and there's not a lot of brand new facilities coming on in '19. So, there's not much of a drag, but ultimately over time And again, when I say over time in this case, I'm really talking about a timeframe of four, five, seven years, I think, we think it's a very significant growth opportunity and one that positions us, I think even more importantly as a partner with not for profit acute care hospitals around the country in a way that we may be able to lever in other service areas.  As far as you're, question about the addiction treatment business, I mean in general, I think we are taking a pause on expanding again what I'll sort of call this a new style model that characterize Foundations Recovery Network of direct-to-consumer marketing, travel-for-treatment, that sort of issue. In general, we acknowledge that addiction illness particularly opioid addiction, but quite frankly addiction elements of all sorts, continues to be a growing phenomenon in the country and needs to be treated. It can be treated in many ways in our old model, which is sort of not a direct-to-consumer marketing, but a referral source marketing kind of an aspect. So, we'll continue to take advantage of that in terms of other service lines as best as I can tell, Ralph. We have probably the broadest service line offerings of any inpatient behavioral provider in the country that spans general psychiatric treatment, geropsych treatment for the elderly for diseases like Alzheimer's and Dementia, autism, eating disorders, all kinds of sort of niche behavioral treatment. So we're certainly open to expansion, but there aren't a whole lot of behavioral illness is that we don't already treat somewhere in our portfolio.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean the math is such Ralph that, you know the reality is our two business segments are about the same size from a revenue perspective, but obviously we have a much smaller number of acute care facilities and those facilities tend to be more concentrated than they are on the behavioral side. So we certainly talk always about the Las Vegas market and it's hard, I don't know that there's another, I'm certain that there isn't another public acute care company, that has sort of a market presence comparable or market contribution comparable to that. But on the behavioral side, we generate roughly the same amount of revenue, but with a much larger number of 200 plus domestic facilities.  It's really impossible for any one facility or really even any one market to have the same sort of measurable and material impact that allows Vegas does on the acute side which is why we really never talk about kind of individual markets for the most part on the behavioral side, I think you sort of your question about sort of what percentage of the hospitals are underperforming et cetera, my general sense is that in a portfolio of 200 plus hospitals, it's always going to be sort of like a bell curve, where there's going to be a small number of outperformers and a small number of underperformers and the vast majority of hospitals are going to be in that large, middle and in that large middle. I think we have a point of view that the issues that we've discussed over the last few years, labor shortages, managed Medicaid, length of stay pressure, increased competition, there are issues that are being felt by a relatively wide array of facilities and are not particularly focused on a specific market.
Steve Filton: So, I tend to think about the capital investment in the Acute business, not so much on a bed basis. I think that's a relatively kind of dated way of looking at the business, which is not to say again, we certainly have added beds and I think that's a reflection of our ability to want to meet demand, but we've also are spending a lot of money to increase emergency room capacity and to increase surgical capacity at many of our hospitals and other service lines as well, particularly in what I would describe as sort of the high-end service lines like Cardiology and Orthopedics and Neurosurgery. At the end of the day, and again, to be fair, Peter. I don't know that I have a precise number because I think it's difficult to really parse it to that level, but you know what I was trying to say earlier is that of our 5% or 6% Acute Care revenue growth some of it may be 1% or 2%. I do believe is really being driven by this increased capital spending, not just on beds, but again on the other items that I talked about, but it's very difficult to say, when you add a bed or you add five more ER days or you add another operating room, exactly what the contribution of the incremental investment is because this capacity effectively becomes fungible.
Steve Filton: Yes, look, I think we've conceded that a shorter length of stay is a bit more of an operational challenge, which I think is probably intuitive to people who think about it that turning over patients more quickly requires a bit more of an effort, etcetera. But we also acknowledge that to some degree, that's the way the business is headed. And so we will deal with that, I think we have a point of view it again sort of harkening back to an earlier exchange I had that 5% revenue growth at some point is and restoring that number is not unrealistic continues to be in our minds, very achievable. We think of that as sort of, you know 2.5% to 3% volume growth and 2.5% to 3% admission, pricing growth rather depending on what happens to length of stay that will drive sort of what the required admission growth will have to be to get to that level, but again I think we have a point of view that in the relatively near or intermediate term 2% or 2.5% patient day growth should not be unrealistic and would be consistent with what we've run for an extended period of time historically.
Steve Filton: We've lost a couple of people to Acadia since Debbie left, I'll make the point that in the normal course with UHS and Acadia being the largest certainly for profit behavioral providers in the country, there is always a flow of personnel at various levels of hospital and regional levels back and forth between the two companies. So, it's always, it's hard for me to say that that's terribly unusual, but it's only been a couple of people.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean, the impact of the Medicare decision and thanks for reminding me Whit and others. I think we've talked about on previous calls, but it's probably in that $18 million to $20 million annual range for us, it begins in October of '18, but over the federal fiscal year it's about an $18 million to $20 million benefit. Obviously that's embedded in our guidance as well.
Steve Filton: Yes, and it's a reasonable point where and I think it gets back to what I think it was the conversation that I was having with Steve Tanal earlier in the call. What we're able to do at the time we gave our guidance is based on what states current model is we project what we think are our impact or benefit is going to be. But often that model changes, often they sort of have interpretive changes or whatever and there are some underlying changes to our or some changes to our underlying business that are difficult to project. But, yes, I think it's much more of this sort of states changing their models that we often cannot predict. And so I do think we take a little bit of a conservative approach when we project that at the beginning of the year.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean the things that I would call out and at least I called them out sort of by item earlier, I mean the continued improvement at the Lancaster and Spokane, de novos, the Gulfport acquisition that was done at the very end of last year. The turnaround in those three facilities is probably $8 million or $9 million benefit going into '19 having a full year of the Danshell acquisition in the UK is probably another $4 million or $5 million in '19. The Hurricane, Florida Hurricane and California fire impact is probably $7 million to $9 million drag in the second half of '18 and then the regulatory facility challenges that we had early in '18 would probably another $5 million or $6 million. And I think all those things have been clearly discussed and delineated people want to go back and check the numbers, but that's kind of my recounting of it, at least Whit.
Steve Filton: I think our free cash flow in '18, Frank was sort of close to $800 million and basically I think the free cash flow guidance for '19 is sort of, it came to that with a slight growth in EBITDA.
Steve Filton: As it is in most periods, I think surgical volumes have grown pretty consistently with that 2% or with whatever the admission growth is. So, and in Q4, that 2% admission growth sort of would imply and I think is what we ran kind of 2% to 3% surgical volume growth, both on the in and outpatient side. And we, I think we have time, maybe for one more question.
