Steve Filton: Sure well. Just to remind folks, earlier in the year and particularly in the first quarter we had highlighted the fact that our acute care revenue growth was stronger than expected, a pleasant surprise, mainly because of a – and to a large degree surprising drop in uninsured volumes, particularly in the Las Vegas market, although we saw the trend throughout the portfolio. In the Las Vegas market we attributed a large part to a dramatic reduction in unemployment rates there, unemployment earlier in the year dropped from like 15% to 12%, but as the year’s progressed, the unemployment rate has crept back in Las Vegas, back up to 14%, and in that market may have not surprisingly seen our payer mix deteriorate, and again we have seen the trend throughout the portfolio as well. Just generally, we continue to see less commercial business. This quarter we saw a little less Medicare business, and we continue to see Medicaid and managed Medicaid, and obviously the sum total of all that is we grew payer mix and that is reflected in a slower revenue growth number.
Steve Filton: Sure. I mean you know again, I mean I think that the payer mix issue is just reflective of the fact that the market has suffered economically a little bit disproportionately to the overall national economy. But our overall position in the market remains very good. We are the largest market share provider by a significant amount, and we have finalized as we suggested that we would our contract renewal with Sierra that is now good for another three years beginning in July, this past July. So contract with our biggest payer is in good stead. And just generally, I think in terms of the market share trends, we feel very comfortable and confident in our market position and we believe that when the market begins to recover economically, we will certainly benefit. From that and again I don’t want to overstate the case, I mean, Vegas was way ahead earlier in the year kind of flat in the third quarter, but overall still ahead for the year, and we are feeling pretty good about that.
Steve Filton: Sure. And I think there is a couple of stories to the behavioral segment Adam. One is just the overall underlying strength of the business, which is reflected in our same-store metrics. Patient days were up 4% in the quarter, and in this sort of an economic environment I think that kind of a volume increase is really pretty impressive. Pricing was up 3%, again in light of the fact that Medicaid cuts in many, many of our states took effect in July or sometime in the third quarter, also a solid number. And those metrics largely apply at least directionally to both segments, to both our legacy portfolio and the PSI portfolio of assets. We had made some improvements at the PSI facilities from an operating perspective. We have mentioned on a number of occasions that we thought the majority of the improvements still to be affected will be affected in 2012 and 2013, and we still believe that to be the case. I also alluded in my prepared remarks just opportunities from a bed expansion perspective and from you know a marketing perspective in terms of developing new business. We have talked previously about focusing on the military and behavioral problems in the military as a source of growth, again in both portfolios, and we will continue to focus on that. And as far as you know some of the problems that PSI had you know I think we have been making progress in most cases and resolving those, and I think your suggestion that there is an upside to that is accurate. But that is a process and it will continue for some time. It is not sort of an on and off switch. But obviously you know we’re just feeling generally positive about the trends in behavioral.
Steve Filton: Sure. Well, two things, first of all just substantively and I think we have been through this before, but just to remind people, where we’re at in terms of implementing an EHR electronic health record is we implemented our first hospital this past July. We have subsequently implemented another couple, but then we have the remaining 20 some odd hospitals to go over the next couple of years. And obviously as we implement, we would hope that shortly thereafter, we will meet the meaningful use standards, and will begin to qualify for high-tech revenues. Now we also said in our second quarter 10-Q that we did expect something in the neighborhood of $10 million or $15 million of Medicaid high-tech revenues, which don’t in many cases require you to meet the meaningful use hurdles that Medicare requires. We would expect to get them by the end of the year or early next year. But we also I think discussed in our second quarter call that our intent, which seems to be somewhat different than our peers is to do our best to match our revenues and expenses so that as we get those revenues, as we receive them, our intent would be to essentially defer them and amortize them over a comparable period to how we are amortization the expenses associated with implementing the EHR. So in the third quarter of 2011, we had some very minor amortization expenses as we just implemented the system and began to amortize in a few hospitals. That number will grow a little bit in Q4, and obviously will grow more in 2012. When we give our 2012 guidance, we intend to be very transparent about the amount of revenues we have included in our guidance and the amount of related expenses.Tom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Steve Filton: I will choose not to do that Justin. We will give our guidance in February as we normally do, where we are going through the budget process in great detail now, and I think we have always felt more comfortable completing that process before being real specific. But I think that to a large degree the third-quarter results are fairly emblematic of what things should look like going forward. I think that an acute care revenue growth rate in the sort of 3%, 3.5% range seems reasonable in this sort of an environment. The behavioral growth rate of 6.5%, 7% that we saw in the quarter I think is actually very impressive. And we will be hard pressed to keep that up, but we should do something close to that as we move forward just again because we continue to find opportunities to expand capacity et cetera. So that is my general sense of it, I don’t see any great pressure on expenses. our operators have done generally a good job in controlling expenses and managing, and I don’t see that changing dramatically in 2012.
Steve Filton: As always Justin, you are more confident about our performance which is I think is why the operator said that you work for Universal Health.
Steve Filton: It is an opportunity for 50 basis points or 100 basis points of improvement, and again I think what I was saying in some of my comments to Adam is we have actually achieved a little bit of that in 2011, you know, what I will sort of call the low hanging fruit. I think that they will remain opportunities both from an operating efficiency and a business development standpoint in ’12 and ’13. And I think what you are getting at and I appreciate is that those – if we are able to achieve those opportunities they are sort of above and beyond the underlying metrics that I just mentioned.
Steve Filton: We talked in the first half of the year Ralph about the fact that our acuity is measured by our Medicare CMI was at the highest levels in our history. we saw sequentially a very slight drop off in Q3, but are still ahead of last year and I think there is generally not seeing any real softening of acuity to the degree that some of our peers have alluded to.
Steve Filton: I mean, first I am not exactly sure how I would describe it. But you know again, I think in my comments I outlined we have been seeing pretty consistently a 5% or 6% decline in commercial admissions that certainly continued into Q3. The trends up to now have been very slight growth in Medicare. Q3 we actually saw a slight decline in Medicare volumes. I am not sure that I would read a whole lot into that, since I don’t tend to believe that Medicare volumes are all that economically sensitive. Probably the one element that maybe stood out a little bit in the quarter was that Medicaid and managed Medicaid admissions picked up, and I think that contributed along with some continued uninsured pressure to the step down in our acute revenue growth.
Steve Filton: Yes, I don’t think that in general we view a shift to managed Medicaid as again that is a general comment that may vary in specific situations, but as being terribly impactful. I think I should note that in behavioral most of our Medicaid business or a lot of the large chunks of it have been managed for years. As I think about it Medicaid has been managed program in states like Massachusetts and Pennsylvania for many, many years. And they are among our largest Medicaid States for behavioral. On the acute side, there will be a change as Texas in particular moves to a managed Medicaid model because that is our biggest state from (inaudible) perspective. But I think in general what we find to be the dynamic is that you know payment rates generally start off around the same, and the way that the managed companies make their profit is by doing a better job of controlling utilization. I think there may be some sort of temporary disruption in the beginning, but at the end of the day I think we appreciate the fact that commercial companies sort of set the rules in advance, and you know what they are, and you are able to run your business that way as opposed to the government, which tends to manage utilization by doing retrospective audits 2, and 3 and 4 years down the road, which is a much more difficult way quite frankly to manage your business. I don’t think we’re terribly concerned with the shift to either managed Medicare or Medicaid. We have been dealing with it on both sides of the business for a long time and again once we have an opportunity to adjust to it; I think we will do just fine.
Steve Filton: Yes, no one single explanation. I think we had probably a handful of situations where receivables ticked up in the quarter. the state of Illinois, which for us is a behavioral state slowed considerably in making Medicaid payments in Q3, and quite frankly we expect that to continue into Q4. we have had that experience in Illinois before. We have a much bigger presence in Illinois after the PSI acquisition, however, so it is more apparent but we expect that those payments will resume and will be caught up sometime in 2012. There has been kind of similar slowdowns with California Medicaid or Medical. We have had some slowdown in VA payments, the Veterans Administration payments of South Texas, where we are an exclusive VA provider. In every one of those cases, we expect that the government will make good on its payments although, it may be a bit of a process. I should also note that I don’t think in every case it is a function of simply government budgetary pressures, I think there are some processing issues et cetera that the government is working through. And then in Las Vegas, I mean I alluded I think in my responses to Adam that we signed our Sierra contract, but during the quarter while we were still negotiating the final terms we weren’t getting paid. So you know that pushed our AR days up, and that has frankly has already largely been resolved as we signed the new contract and Sierra has caught up on their payments.
Steve Filton: So, two things A.J. yes, you know, I think generally our practice has been we don’t comment our guidance. We’re just reaffirming what is out there. as far as trends in Q3, again they seem to be reflective more of the same from a volume perspective. You know it is obviously still early in the quarter. Look I think that the critical piece as this year has demonstrated in our acute care performance is payer mix, and unfortunately, fortunately or unfortunately, but this early in the quarter we are not going to have a real read on that. So to me that is the open-ended variable in terms of acute performance.A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: And then maybe just one other question, broadly on capital requirement, you obviously stepped up this quarter to the advantage to pull back into stock, is that something that maybe has moved up as a priority a little bit, and then I guess you guys have also then mentioned in some of the local press reporting as looking at a couple of these big nonprofit DOs that are out there, what you are seeing really on both sides, but I guess your admin is active on the acute side. Are you seeing some things that maybe are interesting at this point.
Steve Filton: A couple of things A.J. You know we have said since the PSI acquisition was completed that our major focus of free cash flow was going to be the repayment of debt, and that has been the case. We have done a nice job I believe of generating cash in the last year, and repaying that debt. and that has created significant amount of financial benefit and leverage.
Steve Filton: No Darren, I mean, you know, our behavioral segment itself breaks down into two broad segments itself, which is the acute behavioral segment and then the residential segment. The residential segment as you know is the segment that has the vast majority of our Medicaid revenue, and so it has been the portion of our behavioral that has been under the most pressure both from a rate perspective and a length of stay perspective as to alluded to. And quite frankly I don’t really see an end to that as long as you know the state budgets remind under pressure. But it should be noted that the behavioral – excuse me the residential business is definitely the smaller component of our behavioral business, probably in the 30%, maybe 35% range. and you know we have talked before about to the best of our ability actually trying to shift residential capacity to acute capacity where that is possible. We have done it in a couple of places with some notable success. I think we have mentioned Winston-Salem North Carolina before. it is a good example where we have converted beds, and we will continue to do so. But the residential business is a tough business in this environment. But we continue to do well in it.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that (inaudible) comments were sort of very specific to the notion that health care reform in 2011 made – extended the age of dependents up to 26 years old and I didn’t follow very carefully, but I think they quantified that that had some impact on their MLR. We don’t sort of cut our utilization that fine or in that same way. But I think in general, your question is a good one in the sense that and I think we have said this before I believe that our behavioral business has benefited from a payer mix. It is favorable payer mix that is a result of benefit plan design. We tend to focus on the fact that it is mostly a result of mental health parity legislation that passed late in 2009, but obviously I think we get some benefit from the fact that there are, I think the estimates are 1 million more eligibles, who are currently eligible because of that age 26 change et cetera. So I think in general, we have seen a more favorable shift in our commercial business on the behavioral side that again is a favorable change that we have not seen on the acute side.
Steve Filton: Sure Christine. So you know, we discussed in our second quarter that we had a facility here in Pennsylvania that had some physical plan problems. It required us to close some capacity because it was relatively short-term closure. We didn’t really have an opportunity to reduce our cost by much. So we had about a couple of million dollars of operating losses. I think you are correct. We thought we might be able to get it reopened sometime in Q3. it turned out we really didn’t get a chance to reopen the capacity until early in Q4. So that couple of million dollars of operating loss replicated itself in Q3. We’re sort of ramping back up. So there may be a small piece of it that continues into Q4. but in effect I think it should be a tailwind and a positive for us in 2012 as the capacity is fully open and remains open for all of ’12. And your second question was about?Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co.: Military opportunity that you alluded to.
Steve Filton: To the best of my knowledge it remains a locally run kind of a program. As best as we can tell that is the way the military prefers it, and I think we have been responsive to that and we have aligned ourselves in that way. So we’re comfortable obviously responding and offering the service, and however the military wants to do it and that is what we are doing right now.Christine Arnold – Cowen & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Steve Filton: No, again I think my comments from before what sort of still be relevant and that is you know our first priority is debt repayment to the extent that we have exceeded our sort of scheduled debt repayment schedule. Like I said we took advantage of a share repurchase opportunity in the quarter, and will continue to explore those sorts of opportunities what I will kind of describe as excess cash, but again in this environment we think we have done pretty well by kind of sticking to our knitting and paying down our debt rather rapidly.Kevin Fishbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for the clarity.
Steve Filton: Well, hi Gary, I think as you know there was a MedPAC meeting in the past month or so to talk about the issue. From our perspective the meeting went largely as we expected that it would. I think MedPAC made some important observations. One that from an overall program perspective, the behavioral PPS methodology that was introduced in 2005, or was implemented in 2005, has largely played out the way that it was expected to. That is the overall program spend, the amount of capacity, the amounts of beds available, the amount of utilization in admissions et cetera, all have tended to play out as MedPAC and CMS expected. And that is generally I think a good thing. What MedPAC commented on or observed, again nothing new to this was that there was a difference in margins between the free standing facilities and the units within acute care hospitals, and what they suggested was that that differential merited further study. And I think the whole thrust of the meeting for the most part was how do you gather that data, you know and how do you do that meaningfully. The industry, not just UHS, but the industry I think is a full participant in that. We have engaged a consultant to help do that. We think that there are perfectly reasonable, rational explanations for the margin difference, most of which I think center of the size of hospitals or the freestanding facilities tend to be larger and therefore more efficient, which we think is intellectually intuitive. And we are prepared to share that information with both MedPAC and CMS. Our sense of it is that the process of studying this issue is not an immediate one. It will take some time. Like I said we will participate in it, but we’re not of the mind that there are any sort of imminent or immediate changes to the Medicare reimbursement system, and I will also remind you that Medicare is less than 20% of our behavioral revenues.
Steve Filton: You know, I think when I was responding to Justin’s question about sort of the guidance for next year, I commented on the fact that 6.8% of behavioral revenue growth in the quarter was surprisingly strong, and maybe a bit optimistic as you thought about next year for a couple of reasons. One is, I think as you have alluded to some of the Medicaid cuts, they were not implemented in Q3. Most states implemented on July 1, but there are some states like Texas that did not implement till September 1 consistent with their fiscal years. So there is – there may be a bit of a further drop off in Q4 as we get the full implementation of the Medicaid cuts. The other issue I think Darren kind of alluded to and I think Christine may have alluded to is that I mean we have had some favorable offset. We have a favorable kind of commercial offset in our payer mix in the behavioral segment to these Medicaid cuts that we don’t quite frankly have available in our acute segment. It is a little hard to predict to what degree that can be sustained et cetera. Again I think we’re you know, perfectly comfortable that behavioral growth will continue in kind of a 5.5%-6.5% range and we’ll certainly you know, hope to push it to close to what we've been running but you know, I wouldn't you know, sit here today and guarantee that we can do that.Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
Steve Filton: John, I don't know that you can answer that question sort of an entirely kind of you know, multiple or discount basis. I think most likely, and I think frankly again this has always been true in terms of the way we explore opportunities or try and take advantage of opportunities again both behavioral and acute. We have been particularly interested in opportunities that allow us to enhance an existing franchise that have an unusual growth opportunity or improvement opportunity, but again you know, I'm going to just repeat I think for UHS you know, the history sort of speaks for itself. I think we've been more judicious than you know, maybe I would say most or maybe even all of our peers in selecting those opportunities and you know, I just you know, I think it's going to be the same as we move into the future.
Steve Filton: Again you know, I think there are interesting opportunities out there. You know, the challenge which I think is how you are framing it is you know, at what valuations and at what price do they become compelling. And look you know, you raised an important point, I mean we have an opportunity to buy back shares as another opportunity for our free cash flow that is pretty compelling at the moment as well, and you know, that certainly enters into our thinking. But again I don't know that's any different than how we think about this process or how we've always thought about it.
Steve Filton: No, I think you know, substantively we're in a little bit different position than some of our peers. We're just implementing an EHR system that we think will qualify. We had you know, essentially or effectively a homegrown clinical system that we were most likely going to replace anyway, but certainly with the availability of the high-tech reimbursement that became a much easier decision to make. So you know, that's, we're just at that point where I think some of our peers already have hospitals that, and again I obviously have no direct knowledge of this that they believe qualify or having an indication that they qualify. We know that we are just beginning to implement hospitals. So you know, there are revenue recognition, our expectations are going to be based on that.
Steve Filton: No, Whit I think that you kind of accurately described it, our general sense is that the changes that have been announced in Texas are unlikely to have much of an impact on the specific UPL programs that we participate in. I know that for some of our peers, you know, there has been a more material effect but our sense and our understanding is that our UPL programs will not have much of an impact.
Steve Filton: You know, Whit I think that that's another sort of a dynamic where I think that our, you know, current performance is reflective. You know, we said I think in Q2 that we expect it to spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $275 million to $300 million on CapEx in 2011. You know, I could see that number moving up or down a little bit in the future but it seems to me to be a reasonable run rate as we think about the future and you know, at the moment I don't anticipate you know, material changes to that trajectory.
Steve Filton: I think so. I mean again you know, we are not giving guidance at this moment and you know, I reserve the right as we finish our budget process, to think about differently but you know, again you know, in terms of a placeholder at this moment I think it's a good one.
Steve Filton: I did not comment on it. Thanks for asking because we think it's a positive development, just for those who don't know for the most part Medicaid does not pay or reimburse for adult behavioral treatment. So you know, for folks who are between the ages of 21 and 65 and who don't qualify for anything other than Medicaid we are generally not getting paid for those folks. As part of healthcare reform there is again in the grand scheme of healthcare reform a relatively small program demonstration project to allow states to apply for federal funds to start to pay for and reimburse for those that age folks. We know a number, I think it's at least a dozen states in which we operate, have applied for to participate in the demo project. We know that a number of those states have specifically named certain of our hospitals as providers and so you know, we are working with those states. We view that again the demo project itself is probably not enough to materially, I'm sure it's not enough to materially affect our results, but if in fact it is the precursor to change in that regulation that would be we believe a significant positive for the behavioral business.
Steve Filton: Now, I mean look they maybe you know, some sort of isolated contract out there but you know, generally neither our commercial nor Medicaid rates are tied to Medicare reimbursement.
Steve Filton: There is a couple of hardened [ph] fans sitting with me in the room Gary and I would tell you they think not. You know, when we set the date of the call we actually were looking at the world series schedule, and thinking this is going to be a real challenge for us. So there is a lot of disappointment in this room.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean in our second quarter 10-Q I think we attempted to quantify the dollar impact of you know, what we've been talking about is 3% or 4% Medicaid rate cut, and I think that number as I recall was approximately $45 million or $50 million and I think you know, we still feel like we're on that trajectory. Obviously that's an annual impact number.
Steve Filton: I think from a rate perspective Gary the impact has been pretty similar across the segments, most of the Medicaid cuts within a state have been kind of what I called you know, broad-based or you know, they haven't been terribly new ones. So I don't know that from a rate perspective we find that there any different. Obviously, you know, they vary by state and I think as you know, in responding to Darren’s question from before, we find that in the behavioral residential segment it's a little bit of a double whammy, because we been impacted not just by rate reductions but by length of stay compression that we don't really see on the Med-Surg or even in the acute behavioral side of the business.
Steve Filton: Okay, well we’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and look forward to speaking with you again in the fourth quarter when we’ll be prepared to give our 2012 guidance as well. Thanks very much.
Alan Miller: Adam, let me add that you have always recognized the benefit of the diverse nature of our business, if not the wisdom of having both. And so as Darren, A.J. at times, but I think this quarter shows that where there is a little weakening on one side, in a bad economy if not generally, behavioral health services are more in demand and we know how to provide them efficiently, and even before the Psych Solutions, which had turned out to what we had expected there is wisdom in having a diverse base like this. And I know that you have recognized it early on.
Alan Miller: On the other hand we have also said we will explore opportunities as they arise as we have historically done. So we will be judicious in doing that. You know, as you commented we took advantage during the quarter of what we thought was a historic decline in our stock price below valuations or at valuations that we thought made share repurchase a pretty compelling sort of move in the quarter. and we will continue to look at that. There are, we commented on this before, there are lots of opportunities out there. I think that the environment, the uncertain environment has created a number of sellers out there, who might not have previously been sellers or potential sellers. And we look at a lot of opportunities, but again I think we will be judicious in doing that. The one thing I would say about local press is it is often unreliable. So I don’t think you can read a lot into sometimes what the local press reports. But I think UHS’ history sort of speaks for itself. We will respond to opportunities if we think they are compelling.A. J. Rice – Susquehanna Financial: Okay, thanks a lot.
Alan Miller: Well, first of all nobody knows and we don't think, well I'm just going to take it back, I was in Washington the other day and they said it's unlikely – they thought it was unlikely that they would get to $1.2 trillion that it would be something short of that and so it's a question of what it actually gets to depending on how much and what hospitals might have to contribute. The really isn’t anything to say beyond that other than this week is really the week although they had to have it done by November 23rd in order to process it and do the calculations and get the regulation out. It really has to be finished by this week.
