Steve Filton: Good morning and welcome to Universal Health Services third quarter 2014 earnings call. During this call, I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecasts, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in those forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on risk factors and forward-looking statements and risk factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. I'd like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions.  As discussed in our press release last night, the Company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $0.82 for the quarter. After adjusting each quarters' reported results for the items disclosed on the supplemental schedule included with last night's earnings release, adjusted net income attributable to UHS increased approximately 26% to 137.5 million or $1.36 per diluted share during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 109.5 million or $1.10 per diluted share during the third quarter of last year. On a same facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the third quarter of 2014 increased 7.9% over last year’s third quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 4.1% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year and a 3.6% increase in revenue per adjusted admission. On a same facility basis, operating margins for our acute care hospitals increased to 18.3% during the third quarter of 2014 from 14.4% during the third quarter of 2013. On a same facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 6.2% during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to the third quarter of 2013. During this year's third quarter, as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year increased 5.4% and adjusted patient days increased 2.1%. Revenue per adjusted patient day rose 2.9% during the third quarter of 2014 over the comparable prior year quarter. Operating margins for our behavioral health hospitals owned for more than a year increased to 27.6% during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 27.3% during the third quarter of 2013. Our cash from operating activities increased approximately 25% to 231 million during the third quarter of 2014, as compared to 185 million in the third quarter of 2013. Our accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 57 days during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 59 days during the third quarter of 2013. At September 30, 2014, our ratio of debt to total capitalization decreased to 48.9% as compared to 52.9% at September 30, 2013. We spent $123 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter of 2014 and $309 million during the first nine months of this year. In late September 2014, we acquired the stock of Cygnet Health Care Limited for a purchase price of approximately $327 million. Through this acquisition, we have added a total of 18 facilities located throughout the United Kingdom, including 16 inpatient behavioral health hospitals and two nursing homes with a total of 734 beds. Cygnet has a national footprint and is one of the largest independent providers of behavioral health facilities in the United Kingdom. They are the leading specialist mental health provider in the UK which includes services for children, eating disorders and autism among others. They have outstanding customer relationships and a well established reputation for excellence. The Cygnet facilities generated aggregate revenues of approximately $161 million during the 12 month period prior to our acquisition. During 2014, we have opened a total of 242 new behavioral health beds at some of our busiest facilities. We expect to complete construction and open another 258 beds in the fourth quarter, including the opening of the 102 bed Quail Run Behavioral Hospital in North Phoenix. Near the end of the second quarter of this year we acquired a commercial health insurer headquartered in Reno, Nevada. Included in our operating results for the third quarter of 2014 is approximately $48 million to $50 million of revenues and other operating expenses recorded in connection with its operations. During the third quarter of 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, whereby from time-to-time as conditions allow, we may spend up to $400 million to purchase shares of our Class B common stock on the open market or in negotiated private transactions. In conjunction with this program during the third quarter of 2014, we repurchased 227,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $25.2 million.  I will be pleased to answer your questions at this time. 
Steve Filton: Sure, Justin. So I think, what we had said in our second quarter call and I think we acknowledge that our analysis was limited by a number of factors and so it was not absolutely precise. But we estimated that of the acute care improvement year-over-year somewhere around 35% - 40% of it was attributable to the Affordable Care Act and the favorable impacts of that. Another 35% to 40% attributable to an improved economy in many of our local markets and then finally another maybe 15% to 20% attributable to local market factors, market share increases that sort of thing. I think we felt like for the most part those percentages held relatively steady in the third quarter as well. As far as thinking about the impact of reform on next year, obviously I think we're going to wait as I'm sure most of our peers will to see what the enrollment data looks like. Obviously, this year open enrollment for exchange products will be completed by the end of the year, so by the time we give our guidance at the end of February we should have a pretty decent picture of new enrollment both from a Medicaid and an exchange perspective. And we'll base our 2015 estimates in part on that data, much as we did this year although, the data was not available until later in the sort of chronology this year. So, that's how we'll go about framing our 2015 ACA impact.
Steve Filton: I think that's right, Justin. We talked a little bit about the fact that we had a sense in the second quarter because our same store revenue acute care revenue growth in the second quarter which was 11.5% was so significant that there was some aspect of that that was perhaps sort of one-timeish in nature whether that was because of the sort of bolus of enrollment that occurred in the second quarter or some pent-up demand that was exercised in the second quarter. But, it certainly appears as if the growth rate that we realized in the third quarter of 7.9% was still very strong seems to us to be sort of a more sustainable rate going forward. So yes, I think we felt like that real strong revenue growth that we saw in Q2 whether it was attributable to ACA or to an improving economy, decelerated just a little bit in Q3
Steve Filton: Sure, Brian. So I mean I think that we continue to believe that in 2014, the larger portion of the ACA impact is from Medicaid expansion. And we've seen our Medicaid volumes increase by double-digits, certainly in that sort of 12%, 13% range year-to-date. And exchange or commercial volumes increased definitely increased by a measurable amount but by certainly less than that. Again not difficult to be terribly precise about it but I think we would sort of attribute maybe two-thirds of the ACA benefits to Medicaid expansion in '14 and maybe a third to exchange expansion or exchange enrollment.
Steve Filton: Again I think, from a payor mix perspective, the trends are similar to what we've seen all year which is a relatively measurable decline in uninsured volumes, uninsured volumes are down probably 7% to 8% for the year and those are offset by an increase in both Medicaid and commercial volumes as I just noted, and those trends continued into Q3 and I think our expectation is they will continue into Q4 as well.
Steve Filton: Sure. So from I think a strategic perspective, Darren, the acquisition of the health plan is really part of sort of the broader preparation and, I think, foundation that we're building for the more integrated or the demands for a more integrated health care delivery system that we anticipate and I think, frankly, most of our peers anticipate is going to be required in the future. And so, as we continue to form more integrated relationships with our physicians and some of our long-term care providers, et cetera, and other niche providers, we also I think wanted to have the option in at least certain markets of being able to offer an insurance product, in some cases, the Medicare Advantage Insurance product. And as we thought about how best to create that infrastructure and capability, we looked at potentially building it on our own from scratch or buying it and ultimately decided that buying a small insurance company and the one we chose was in a market that we already operate in Reno, although I don't think there was anything terribly significant about the location itself, because I think for the most part we would like to be able to transform that or transmit that capability to other markets. So that was the driver behind the decision. As I indicated in my remarks, maybe approximately $50 million of revenues and expenses in the quarter, slightly dilutive at the EBITDA line and I think we anticipate that it will remain that way for the first, maybe 18 to 24 months of operation at which point we think it would become accretive or positive from an EBITDA perspective. But again, the real goal here is not to create an insurance business that’s going on its own become terribly profitable but really to help us drive some of the results in our markets and alignments that we're really looking for.
Steve Filton: So trying to work backwards, I think that when we announced the Cygnet transaction, we talked about a margin profile for that business that was fairly similar to our own which I think translates to something like $10 million to $11 million of incremental EBITDA a quarter. And I think also it translates to something like $0.10 to $0.15 of EPS accretion in the first year of operation. So to your point, Darren, with a quarter of that to be realized in the fourth quarter, we didn't think those numbers were material enough to change our operating guidance given any other moving parts that we might have. And then as to your first question about the two nursing homes that the company owned, I mean, that's a long standing – those are long standing facilities that the company owned, not necessarily an indication of a business that we're looking to expand, et cetera. I don't know that we're in any rush to divest any of the Cygnet facilities, but I don't think we also have any desire to expand the nursing home business.
Steve Filton: Well, again, Kevin, what I was sort of referring to was the fact that our same store revenue growth in Q3 was some 360 basis points better than it was in Q -- than our revenue growth in Q2 is better, 360 basis points better than in Q3. And to your point if the volumes are the same then obviously it's in the revenue per unit and that becomes sort of a mix issue. And again, to be absolutely fair about it I'm not sure that we can specifically identify why the mix was so good in Q2, and returned in our minds to a more normal range in Q3. But I think, the things or the dynamics that we speculated on was potentially the impact of sort of you know utilization occurring as enrollment incurred whether it was Medicaid or commercial, or the fact that you know perhaps, there was some bolus pent-up demand among those newly insured. Again, whether they were newly insured as a result of an improving economy or of the ACA we also had a little bit of as we have disclosed in Q2, some catch up, Texas reimbursement that drove those numbers a little bit as well. So I think that -- it's just the issue of trying to offer an explanation of why that same-store revenue growth was somewhat higher in Q2 versus Q3.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean I think, I'm not sure that, I mean I do think another dynamic that is affecting that slight deceleration in revenue growth is the fact that the Las Vegas market and I think the economic improvement in the Las Vegas market that drove higher revenues was something that we began to experience in the middle of 2013. So, by the third quarter of 2014 we were clearly starting to lap or anniversary that improvement, and that comparison consequently has become a little bit more difficult. I think we're still clearly ahead in the third quarter of '14 versus '13 in Las Vegas but probably further ahead in some of the other markets like Texas and California whose improvements started later and really didn't start in 2014.
Steve Filton: I'm sorry no, I did not. But there were no significant transaction costs in the quarter for Cygnet. 
Steve Filton: No I mean, we had basically legal fees and some related transaction fees but no fees for an advisor or anything like that.
Steve Filton: Sure. So, again, trying to take it backwards and at the risk of forgetting something as I work my way back. The California provider tax we did quantify as having the value to us of about $9 million or $10 million annually. As we said in -- when we offered our original guidance early in the year we did not include it in our original guidance, we did not include it in our revised guidance and specifically because it was pending CMS approval and while we ultimately expected that CMS approval will be granted, it was difficult for us to project or predict when that would happen and et cetera. And I think that's still the case. So, we continue to hope that we get CMS approval and that we get those moneys but, I have not projected that in our revised guidance and I think we'll continue to take that position. As far as your other question Frank about the individual markets again, I mean, I think that what we've seen and I think we commented on this after the end of our Q2 reporting was we've seen strength in all of our markets. And I think, that strength can be attributable to both Medicaid expansion in places like California and Nevada and D.C.  It can attributed to an improving economy in a number of states including -- and I think notably Texas as well as exchange enrollment in a number of states including Texas and California. I think our sense is that those benefits that is the people who have enrolled in insurance plans whether, they be Medicaid or exchanges as a result of the ACA or people who have gotten or maybe even reentered the insured market because they've returned to the job force, et cetera. I think, we think, those benefits definitely continue for the most part into 2015. I think what we are not necessarily sure of is to what degree there will be new enrollment, ACA enrollment in 2015. I think that was sort of the context of my answer to Justin's question earlier. And I think the other piece that is sort of obvious is there is a sort of initial benefit as these un-insureds reenter the insured marketplace. And while that benefit is sustained, it doesn't continue to incrementally increase. So, while we’re starting to lap the Las Vegas benefit in Q3, maybe and I think from here on out, we won't lap the other the benefits that we started to enjoy in the beginning of '14 until next year. But there will be some element of that occurring next year.
Steve Filton: I don't think so. I mean, obviously, it was an intentional decision on our part not to narrow the range. I still we still continue to believe that there are -- there's a decent amount of volatility in the markets, et cetera, but generally are comfortable that we will meet our original range and I'm not sure that any further commentary was intended or required.
Steve Filton: Yes, Ralph. So, I mean, we had 7.9% same store revenue growth in our acute care business and almost 400 basis point improvement in margins. I realized that the audience can be sometimes pretty tough, but I think we consider that to be pretty strong performance on the behavioral side where we already have very robust margins. We had a 30 basis point improvement in margins, again, I think we felt like both of those results were kind of well within our expectations. I think when you compare perhaps the acute business sequentially to last quarter, again, I'll just go back and highlight the fact that the results that we posted in Q2 with an 11.5% increase in same store revenue were a little bit better than what we posted with a 7.9% increase in revenue that's just the nature of the model. But again, I think the third quarter results were well within our expectations and honestly I don't know that we could do a whole lot better than that. 
Steve Filton: Yeah. I mean, the pace of revenue growth has picked up in behavioral as the year has gone on. I think we were in the sort of 3.5% range of revenue growth in Q1 and then a little under 6 in Q2 and a little over 6 in Q3. And again, in much the same way and maybe even a little bit more so, it's difficult I think for us to precisely identify either in ACA or a mental health parity impact in the behavioral space. But I think the sense in Q3 was that maybe we started to get a little bit of benefit, not terribly material, but a little bit of benefit from one or both of those dynamics. Certainly, I think we had entered the year with a notion that our behavioral business would grow by about 4.5% - 5% same store revenue, so we've done a little bit better than that in the last two quarters. And I think there's a general inclination to believe that a little bit of that is coming from reform/parity.
Steve Filton: So, I mean, I think that question is prompted by the HCA announcement that they had sort of two, I'll call it non-recurring revenue items or will have in the quarter, one is they recognized their RAC settlement in the third quarter. We did not do that. We will recognize it in the fourth quarter when we receive the settlement or sign the settlement, that number is not terribly material. I think it's probably in the $5 million or maybe a little bit lower range. And then HCA announced that it was reversing either some or all of its Texas uncompensated care revenue. We did not do that in part because, we are not in the same counties that CMS targeted with their deferrals. So, we are not in any of those same counties and so we continue to record our Texas uncompensated care revenue at the same rates that we have then.
Steve Filton: Sure. So, from a tax rate perspective Whit, the UK effective tax rate is much closer to 20% than the high 30s that we incur here in U.S., and we should continue to enjoy that lower tax rate as long as we don't repatriate those moneys or effectively bring them back to the U.S. So, I think in the short and intermediate term, the expectation is that on those Cygnet earnings we will enjoy a lower effective tax rate. As far as the growth opportunities, I think when we announced the deal we articulated the notion that I think one of the things that drove us to enter the UK was the opportunity to grow in ways that may be coming a little more difficult in the U.S. We've got a bunch of facilities now in the UK, 18 facilities that are mostly operating at very high occupancy rate so, we have the same sort of organic capacity expansion opportunities that we have here in the U.S. I think, we also have the opportunity to acquire other facilities in the UK and while we have those same opportunities here in the U.S., the opportunity to do that in a big way in the U.S. is certainly becoming more limited, and also we're restrained because we have such a significant footprint with our behavioral facilities here in the U.S. that in many markets and with many acquisition opportunities we are limited by some FTC and similar restrictions that obviously we don't have in the UK. So, we're very excited about the opportunity not only as I articulated in my comments to have acquired this very well run behavioral business in the UK but, to have also acquired a platform that I think, will allow us some of the robust growth in the UK that we've enjoyed here in the U.S. over the last few years.
Steve Filton: I mean again I think, in terms of the inorganic or the M&A activity, we've always been of the mind that we never really try and frame that or guide to it because, I think we always had the view that we're going to be opportunistic about those opportunities. If there are compelling opportunities to earn an above market return then we're going to pursue those aggressively. And frankly if there are not, then you know we'll be judicious about it. As far as the organic growth I mean I think, that our activities here in the U.S. where we were adding something like 3% to 5% on the incremental bid base here in the U.S. that we've been doing for seven years or eight years, I think that's probably not an unrealistic way to think about what we might be able to do in the UK.
Steve Filton: Yes. So, I don't have those numbers right in front of me Whit so I'm unable to confirm what you're speculating, but I will say that in general, which I have said on our previous calls, our California results have really been very positive this year. And we tend to look at the overall what I'll call the overall Riverside County market that Temecula is part of. And certainly that has exceeded our expectations. Temecula itself as we expected, kind of ramping up and again, not -- I don't have it right in front of me but, I think it may be a little bit short of our internal expectations although, as I said, I think the overall market is clearly ahead of our expectations. 
Steve Filton: Sure well I mean, I want to put it in the context when we announced the buyback in late July, we did so with the notion that we really felt our leverage levels were as really as low as we wanted or needed them to be and certainly didn't intend for them to get much lower than they were at that time. Now at that time, we were not at all certain that we were going to do the Cygnet deal. Obviously, two months after the announcement of the share buyback, we deployed $327 million of capital to acquire Cygnet. So, in that sense I think we had some capital deployment that we were not anticipating. And so I think our basic approach to share repurchase will be much like we articulated at the time and that is we view share repurchase as another opportunity for us to deploy capital. And we will compare that to the attractiveness of both organic and inorganic opportunities we have, and we'll continue to make that judgment as we move along.
Steve Filton: Yeah, Josh. I mean, I think that we've been facing this length of stay challenge for some time. And while I think it is reasonable and rationale to expect that at some point it will level off, we quite frankly and, I'll say, I, personally haven't been very good at predicting when that will be. So I think it while we took the approach that we took this year is we're going to assume that length of stay continues to decline at sort of this 3% to 4% rate that it has been, until we really see some evidence over the course of a couple of quarters at least that that's not the case and it really has leveled off. To be fair, I just don't think we're there yet, although certainly at some point we think we will see that. I think you sort of described of behavioral dynamic pretty well in the sense that we're seeing a very steady reliable revenue growth and volume growth and we've seen that for a while. I think the real upside as you suggest at least to some degree in the behavioral business occurs when either that length of stay levels off which we assume will happen at some point, and, or we start to get the benefit from reform and/or parity. And as I suggested in some my earlier comments, maybe we started to get a little bit of that in Q3. But I think we feel like and have always felt more like we would start to see a more measurable benefit in 2015and beyond.
Steve Filton: No. I mean, obviously, the normal seasonality should be present but other than that no, I don't think there's anything that we know of that people should be thinking about in terms of their expectations for the fourth quarter. 
Steve Filton: Sure, A.J. So, as far as the expansion – further Medicaid expansion goes, I mean, the two states that are significant to us that have not yet expanded are Florida and Texas. I'm not sure that my commentary on those states is any more valuable than anyone else's. I think they're big states and people are following the developments there. I don't think either of those states is about to imminently expand Medicaid. So, we will follow that along with everybody else. But those are clearly the two states that continue to or would make a difference for us if they did expand. As far as next year goes on exchange enrollment, I don't know that we're seeing a whole lot of new developments. I think we anticipated that maybe we would see a greater move to narrower networks next year. I don't know that we are seeing that. I think like all other providers, we are having sort of developing conversations with our managed care providers about changes in contracts to move to, to move away from fee for service reimbursement and to some sort of fee for value proposition, but I think those developments continue to be relatively slow developing and I don't think our anticipation is that in 2015, we will have a significant amount of our reimbursement that will be sort of new or different from our traditional fee for service.
Steve Filton: You know A.J., I think our experience is opportunities present themselves when they present themselves so, I think ideally I would, sort of echo the position that you just articulated. We'd certainly like to be able to run Cygnet for a while, get used to the new market. But on the other hand we're very comfortable with the experienced management team that we have in place there, and so I will tell you that we're evaluating opportunities as they're arising in the UK. And we'll continue to do so. So, I don't think we will be limited by sort of an absolute prescription that we have to wait. I think, we're going to try and do what we think is right for that investment there in the UK. 
Steve Filton: So, I think I would say two things, Ana. I mean my two-thirds one-third comment I think, it was a year-to-date comment. I think that earlier in the year in the first quarter, it was really more heavily weighted to Medicaid and then in the second and third quarters it began to swing with a little bit less weight towards Medicaid and more to commercial as the commercial enrollment increased. And again, I suspect that dynamic continues into Q4. As far as acuity and I know others have commented a little bit differently but, I think for the most part we feel like the acuity of our newly enrolled ACA patients whether they be Medicaid or commercial patients has been largely reflective of our existing insured population and not terribly different.
Steve Filton: Ana, I think from the beginning we've said that, I think in some cases we feel we can do that very precisely and in others it is not so clear, and which is I think why whenever we've given ACA impact estimates, we've given a fairly broad range because it is not always absolutely identifiable and easily and objectively identifiable. 
Steve Filton: I think that our accounting has anticipated the idea that the collectability of coachers and deductibles on those exchange plans might be less than what we have experienced historically, I don't know so, I think our accounting has been appropriately conservative in that regard. I don't know that we have enough actual experience to really make that statement definitively however.
Steve Filton: Yes so and we did [indiscernible] about a little bit, Chris so I'll be brief but, I think that it is really more of the latter. First of all, it is not really at all specific to the Reno market, that just happens to be where the plan is located. I think it's really to give us the capability as we think about this sort of integrated healthcare delivery system of the future with closer relationships with physicians and other long term care niche providers and I think the ability in some markets to be able to offer an insurance product maybe a Medicare Advantage insurance product. We think it's just a worthwhile capability to have, that's what really drove the desire to have this what I'll call insurance infrastructure or platform. 
Steve Filton: [Indiscernible] we have a very specific target. I think if you sort of look at our history here, we were comfortable levering up to do the PSI deal to a little bit over 4 times debt to EBITDA, that was obviously an extremely attractive and perhaps a fairly unique deal. On the other hand then, when we levered back-down to into close to the low-2s, I think we clearly felt that was about as low as we wanted or needed to go. So, certainly, within that range and I appreciate the fact that it's a fairly broad range, but we're certainly comfortable operating within that range. And again, we'll operate within that range and be responsive to compelling opportunities as they arise.
Steve Filton: No. I just want to thank everybody for their time, and I look forward to speaking again next quarter.
