Steve G. Filton: Thank you. Good morning. Alan Miller, our CEO, is also joining us this morning. Welcome to this review of Universal Health Services results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. During this conference call, Alan and I will be using words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates and similar words that represent forecast, projections and forward-looking statements. For anyone not familiar with the risks and uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, I recommend a careful reading of the section on Risk Factors, and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. We would like to highlight just a couple of developments and business trends before opening the call up to questions. As discussed in our press release last night, the company recorded net income attributable to UHS per diluted share of $1.91 for the quarter after adjusting for the favorable impact from our January 1, 2017 adoption of ASU 2016-09 as discussed in our press release, and the depreciation and amortization expense recorded in connection with the implementation of electronic health records applications at our acute care hospitals, as disclosed on the Supplemental Schedule included with last night's earnings release. Adjusted net income attributable to UHS was $188.1 million, or $1.94 per diluted share, during the second quarter of 2017, as compared to $191.1 million, or $1.94 per diluted share, during the second quarter of last year. On a same-facility basis in our acute care division, revenues during the second quarter of 2017 increased 5.1% over last year's comparable quarter. The increase resulted primarily from a 6.0% increase in adjusted admissions to our hospitals owned for more than a year. On a same-facility basis, net revenues in our behavioral health division increased 2.2% during the second quarter of 2017, as compared to the second quarter of 2016. During this year's second quarter, as compared to last year's, adjusted admissions to our behavioral health facilities owned for more than a year decreased 3.7% and – excuse me, increased 3.7% and adjusted patient days increased 1.4%. Revenue per adjusted admission decreased 1.4%, and revenue per adjusted day increased 0.9% during the second quarter of 2017, over the comparable prior-year quarter. Based upon the operating trends and financial results experienced during the first six months of 2017, we are revising our estimated range of adjusted net income attributable to UHS for the year ended December 31, 2017, to $7.50 to $8 per diluted share, from the previously provided range of $7.70 to $8.20 per diluted share. This revised guidance, which excludes the expected electronic health records impact for the year, as well as the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, decreases both the lower and upper end of the previously provided range by approximately 2.5%. For the six months ended June 30, 2017, our cash provided by operating activities decreased to $534 million from $836 million generated during the comparable six-month period of 2016. The $302 million decrease was caused primarily by a $217 million unfavorable change in other working capital accounts, resulting primarily from changes in accrued compensation and accounts payable due to timing of disbursements, and a $92 million unfavorable change in cash flows from foreign currency forward exchange contracts related to our investments in the UK. Our accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly to 51 days during the second quarter of 2017, as compared to 50 days during the second quarter of 2016. At June 30, 2017, our ratio of debt to total capitalization declined to 46.1% as compared to 47.7% at December 31, 2016. We spent $118 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2017, and $262 million during the first six months of 2017. In conjunction with our $800 million stock repurchase program during the second quarter of 2017, we repurchased approximately 984,000 shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $116 million, or approximately $118 per share. Since inception of the program through June 30, 2017, we have repurchased approximately 5.5 million shares at an aggregate cost of $641 million, or approximately $117 per share. Alan and I would be pleased to answer your questions at this time.
Steve G. Filton: A.J., I think, as we'd discussed in the first quarter, and I would reiterate in the second quarter, that Cambian operations are performing pretty much as we expected. When we acquired Cambian late in 2016, we talked about an ongoing run rate of about $45 million of EBITDA, and I think we're on track with that, with the exception that in the first six months of ownership, we had a sort of transition services agreement with the previous owner where we were paying for some of their administrative services. And that depresses the EBITDA a little bit; I mean, not a great deal. But I think from an operating perspective, the facilities have been performing as we expected and the expectation is that they'll continue to do so. Now, we do have a negative currency adjustment and have had that just in terms of – that affects, frankly, more of our existing operations than the Cambian operations. I think what you are looking at in terms of the non-same-store behavioral results is about $13 million or $14 million of unfavorable adjustments in the quarter relating to a couple of items: a non-recurring one-time adjustment to disproportionate share monies in one particular state and some malpractice expense adjustments. Those are offset, to some degree, by $5 million or $6 million of favorable adjustments in the acute division. The net of $7 million or $8 million of unfavorable adjustments is something we didn't disclose on a consolidated basis because we didn't view it as material.
Steve G. Filton: So, I will confirm your characterization, A.J., of the acute results for the second quarter as being in line. I think they were very much consistent with our expectations. In particular, we're pleased with the strength, particularly the volume strength on the acute side, but, again, the overall result is, I think, very much in line. On the behavioral side, again, I think your characterization is fair. The 2.2% revenue growth, even when you adjust that for the negative currency swing between years, I think that number becomes something like closer to 2.75% same-store revenue growth on the behavioral side, and that's still a little bit lower than where we expect it to be at this time of the year. We probably expect it to be closer to something like 3.5% and I think you've identified the variance as the length of stay, I mean, that admission growth number which I think now has grown for four consecutive quarters, is really well within, and, frankly, probably a little bit ahead of our expectations and I think is reflective of what we have been saying all along, that the underlying demand for our behavioral services across the portfolio remains strong, but the length of stay decline that we've experienced in Q1 and Q2 is not something we anticipated when we gave our original guidance. I think most of the commentary that I would make on that length of stay contraction is similar to what I said in Q1, and that is that I think it's a result of really two dynamics; one is that we are seeing more Medicaid patients who tend to have a lower length of stay than the rest of our payers. We believe that probably the impetus for that increase in Medicaid utilization is the benefit of the IMD exclusion being lifted, and – but I think one of the things that's happening in the short run is, there is some adverse payer mix selection, and that increase in Medicaid patients is crowding out some of the Medicare and commercial patients who, in many cases, are probably better-paying patients, and also those with higher length of stay. The other issue, I think, that we talked about, and I think you were sort of alluding to in your question is that within the Medicaid payer mix in that patient population, we're seeing some more aggressive behavior on the part of payers. I think our point of view is that over the course of the next few quarters, we will either, where it's clinically appropriate, be able to impact that length of stay and restore it to where it was, or I guess I should say, and/or the admission growth will continue and will offset that impact of the length of stay decline. And so in our minds, we will get to where we targeted, from the sort of 3.5% same-store revenue growth that we thought, and we're probably 75 basis points behind there, I think we feel like we will get to that 5% revenue growth that we thought we'd exit the year at. We'll get there, but it will probably be a quarter or two behind schedule.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. I mean I think, Jason, I don't have the exact data in front of me, but I think the UK volumes are growing. I mean, honestly, we are more capacity-limited in the UK than we are here in the U.S.; we run at occupancy rates in the UK that are probably in the low 90s as opposed to the high 70s that we operate here in the U.S., but I think, we're growing admissions in the UK by that similar, sort of, 3% to 4% number that we're reflecting on the U.S. side as well.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah, I think that's really a mechanical issue that because we are reimbursed almost exclusively on the behavioral side on a per-day or per diem basis, the effect of a decline in length of stay is that revenue per admission declines, and that's what you're seeing. I think the way that we do our model is, we do it based on revenue per day rather than revenue per admission, and the revenue per day growth of roughly 1% in the quarter is very consistent with what our expectations were.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. No, I think on the acute side, that's exactly right. I mean, I think to some degree, Jason, the growth in our admissions on the acute side, the outsized growth which, I think, has been, and my expectation, will continue to be generally better than our peers' is a function, to some degree, of seeing more of those lower acuity admissions. I think some of those lower acuity admissions over the last few years had been converted to observation patients, and one of the things that I think we said over the course of the last few years is that at some point, the pendulum would begin to swing back, at least partially, the other way, and more of those observation patients would qualify for in-patient admission where they've met clinical criteria, et cetera, and I think you're seeing that happening. So, we're seeing a bit more of those lower acuity admissions, but obviously to a degree that's also driving the revenue per admission down. I think also as our peers have noted as well, we continue to see and have seen, I think, for the last couple of years, an incremental increase in uncompensated patients, a slight decline in commercial patients, particularly commercial exchange patients, and I think those trends continue, although I don't think they were particularly – there was anything particularly dramatic or new in the quarter.
Steve G. Filton: Joanna, I would answer the question by saying that the 5% revenue growth – same-store revenue growth that we experienced in the quarter was similar to our expectations; and we said at the beginning of the year that our expectations for acute care revenue growth were in the 5% to 6% range for the year, with the understanding that those numbers would get better as the year progressed because the comparisons get easier. I think when we gave that original guidance, our presumption was that revenue growth would be split pretty evenly between volume and price; and, I think we would sort of stick to the overall revenue assumption, and I think we'll likely trend that way. But if we continue to generate higher admissions, I think that revenue per admission will be lower. But I think we continue, as I think A.J.'s initial question indicated, our acute overall results are very much in line and our acute guidance remains very much in line with what it was originally, and that is something like 5% or 6% revenue growth. How we get there between admissions and volume may change, but I think we're comfortable with the overall revenue guidance.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah, I think that, as we've talked about probably over the course of the last few quarters, probably the single biggest impairment or, I guess, obstacle, I guess, is a better word, to growing those acute care margins has been the wage pressure and the labor pressure. I think on the acute side, we continue to run higher than what we would consider to be ideal levels of premium pay that is over-time and use of temporary nurses, in particular. I think our general sense over, again, the course of the year in our guidance was that those pressures would become more muted in the back-half of the year when the comparisons became easier, and that's still our expectation.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah, I mean, we first began to talk about the labor pressures and the labor constraints probably in the middle of 2015, actually, initially, I think, as a shortage of psychiatrists, and then later more as a shortage of nurses; and we really began to talk about it because we began to see our admissions more muted. As I said in response to, again, I think A.J.'s initial question, those behavioral admissions have been growing for the last four quarters, I believe; and in my mind, that's reflective of the progress that we're making on that labor front. So, as we fill more of those positions, our admissions go up. To be fair, we have not completely solved or resolved that problem and we still have pockets of either nurse or physician shortages, but clearly in my mind, the 3.7% admission growth that we posted in Q2 reflects the fact that we've made a significant amount of progress on that issue and expect to continue to make progress as the year goes on.
Steve G. Filton: Sure, Austin. So, I think we've been pretty clear about this. I mean, I think what happened beginning in around the middle of 2015 is that, as the economy continued to recover and, in particular, as unemployment rates went down, and especially in certain markets where the labor market seemed particularly tight and competitive, we saw that our competitor hospitals were hiring away nurses and physicians, and that wage rates were being elevated and became more competitive, et cetera. And I think one thing that became – I don't want to say it was a new phenomena, but it certainly seemed to accelerate and be at an elevated level was we really began to see acute care hospitals hiring away our behavioral nurses; not that we had never seen that before, but I think we were seeing it at a rate and a frequency and a scope that we had never really seen before and quite frankly, continue to see it. Now, we have responded by adjusting our own wage rates and by doing any number of other things to both attract, and I think, in particular, to retain nurses once we have them hired, but certainly we would characterize the market for both nurses and psychiatrists as more competitive today than certainly it was, I'd say, two or three years ago.
Steve G. Filton: So, again, I think our original guidance for the year presumes that we would exit the year at about 5% revenue growth rate, which we sort of further broke down to the sort of 3% or 4% volume, and 1% to 2% price. As I suggested earlier, I think we're at a rate in Q2, of about 2.75%, if you adjust for the currency change; which is about 75 basis points from a revenue perspective behind where we thought we'd be in. That, I think, accounts largely for the miss in Q2, as well as for the guidance or the guide down in the quarter. But I think our expectation is that we will get to that 5% revenue growth, just maybe a quarter or two later than we expected, and it will either be as a result of, as I said, our being able to impact that length of stay decline where it's clinically appropriate, or from the admission growth, just continuing its upward trajectory, because honestly, that 3.7% admission growth or adjusted admission growth that we saw in Q2, as you suggest, not only is higher than what you expected, but it was higher than what we expected, and quite frankly, it's right at a level that we thought it would take us to the end of the year to get to this. So, we certainly have an expectation that it can continue to grow and that the underlying demand will support that growth. And so, we believe it'll continue to trend up at least for the foreseeable several quarters.
Steve G. Filton: So, Ana, for those who have listened to our calls for a long time, I'm sure I'll give an answer that sounds familiar although maybe frustrating to those who focus on this. We always say that we really, internally, focus entirely on sort of, the cash net revenue per admission or net revenue per day depending on which division we're looking at, as opposed to individual shifts between charity care and uninsured discount and bad debt expense, which we acknowledge, fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, and which we struggle with explaining. I think on the acute side, as I already discussed in response to, I think, it was Jason's earlier question, revenue per admission was relatively flat in the quarter. I think that had more to do with mix of patients and lower acuity patients than it did with payer mix, although, I did acknowledge, as many of our peers have talked about over the last several quarters, that we continue to see an uptick in uncompensated patients and a downturn in commercial patients, particularly commercial exchange patients. Those phenomena, however, I think have been present for at least the last six maybe even eight quarters.
Steve G. Filton: Not, I think, in an accelerated way; I think we've seen that, again, those trends in place now for a while and quite frankly, I think they continue with each passing quarter. But no, I wouldn't characterize that trend as accelerating.
Steve G. Filton: Look, I think it's hard to say; I don't know that we have a perfect inside into how this length of stay trend is likely to develop. I think that there is sort of a natural tension between payers who would like to see patients discharged earlier and providers, and particularly the psychiatrists who are making that length of stay or that discharge decision, who feel like patients are sometimes being asked to be discharged by their payers sooner than medically appropriate or medically necessary. We'll continue to do everything that we believe the clinical record suggests as appropriate, to keep patients as long as our psychiatrists deem is appropriate, but, how those trends develop over time, I think, it's hard for us to say. I will make the point that the length of stay for acute psychiatric patients is already, on average, sort of in the high single-digits, so, changes to them – and I'm not a clinician, and I'm not going to get into sort of the clinical aspects of this, but changes to what is already, I think, we believe a relatively low length of stay, for patients who are quite ill in many cases, can be, I think, significant and we're going to continue to work with our payers to make sure that our patients stay for the appropriate length of time and get the appropriate amount of treatment.
Steve G. Filton: So, I think, Chris, and this may be what's informing your point of view is that back in the 2013-2014 period, when we also experienced a length of stay decline in the behavioral division, we did at that time, describe it as primarily focused on the residential business, our long-term patients, but I think over the last couple of quarters – and then that length of stay by the way stabilized, I think in 2015-2016. Over the first couple of quarters in 2017, the length of stay pressure that we've been experiencing has really been in the acute side of the business, the acute behavioral side of the business and not on the residential side.
Steve G. Filton: Look. I think that this is a push and pull sort of dynamic, the payers are always pressuring providers for, in our minds, the lowest possible length of stay and again, the ultimate decision, I think, comes down to a question of clinical appropriateness and certainly on our end, that's being made by a treating psychiatrist. We hope that on the payer end, it's also being made by someone with a clinical background who has the best interest of the patient at heart as well. It's difficult for me to predict. Obviously, we suggested, or I suggested at the end of Q1 that we would hope to be able potentially to impact length of stay in Q2 if it was clinically appropriate and that really didn't happen. So again, the only point that I'll make is, I think we believe we can get to our revenue guidance number; even if we don't get to it by the end of 2017, we can get to it early in 2018 through some combination of a continued increase in admissions and potentially a stabilizing length of stay number.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah, so again, our original guidance on the acute care side was 5% to 6% revenue growth for the year, and as I said earlier, kind of split pretty evenly between price and volumes. At least, that was our original assumption. The notion always was, that would be a sort of increasing trajectory as the year went on because the first half of the year comparisons from a revenue perspective were quite difficult, and the comparisons in the second half of the year were markedly easier. And again, I think that remains our projections. I think the acute care performance, as in an earlier question, suggests it was very much in line; and our guidance, and our guidance both from a revenue and an EBITDA perspective, remain the same for the back half of the year.
Steve G. Filton: I think something more in the 70 basis points or 80 basis points a quarter, Whit, you know, is probably...
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. I think, Whit, if we get to that 4% growth, we should see – and the model suggests and the historic performance would suggest, we should have some margin expansion at those levels.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah; a couple of different questions, I guess. I mean, from a capital deployment issue, I don't know that there are any sort of imminent opportunities to deploy significant amounts of capital through M&A, but we continue to explore those opportunities all the time. We talked at the end of Q1 about ramping up our share repurchase activity in Q2, which I think the numbers suggest we did, in fact, do. And I think as we think about the model for the balance of the year, we think that our share repurchase will probably be at a minimum at those same kinds of levels as we saw in Q2. As far as the joint venture strategy on the behavioral side, those conversations continue to be quite active. I think we've already announced a number of those ventures, including some new hospitals that are being built in partnership with big acute care partners that will open sometime in 2018. I think when we get to the end of the year and we give our 2018 guidance, we'll be more specific about how we expect the joint venture strategy to specifically impact our earnings going forward; but, I will say that the conversations and the continued planning remain quite active on that front.
Steve G. Filton: No, I think as we said – or I said in Q2, in public forums and conferences, et cetera, that it certainly seems to us that the level of engagement with the government, the frequency and the scope of our conversations and contacts have increased over the last few months. We are cautiously encouraged by that and believe that it suggests that we hope, I guess, that we're in the later innings of this process. I don't think we are far enough along to be able to, with any level of precision yet, predict a finite outcome or even the timing of such an outcome; but again, I think we remain cautiously optimistic that we're a lot closer to resolution on this process that has been ongoing for, now, close to five years, than we were – I don't think we necessarily had that same view even as recently as maybe, let's say, six months or nine months ago.
Steve G. Filton: Look, I think we've suggested for some time, Justin, that we believe that the crux of the government's point of view was that patients were either inappropriately admitted or their length of stay was inappropriately longer than it needed to be, or their clinical treatment was inappropriate. We, I think, have said from the outset that we didn't necessarily share the government's point of view at all and have, I think, made a bigger argument to the government where we've been presented with some of their points of view, which I think has been in a fairly limited number of cases that we had a dramatically different point of view. But that's the nature of these investigations and, look, I think, there is some heavy lifting that remains to be done on both sides and, again, I just think that our point of view is, we hope that we're a lot closer to that, to both parties being willing to do that heavy lifting and get to a conclusion than we've been in a while.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah, I think that we did make comments during the quarter that talked about sort of the strength in May, et cetera, which is sort of the implication being that June was weaker than we expected, and we did make those comments because at that point we were in our quiet period. I wouldn't read too much into it. It looks to me like July has bounced back some. I mean, I think if you step back, and again, I'm just going to return to sort of the cadence that I talked about, and I think Whit was sort of suggesting in his comments, the admission growth in particular has been on an upswing for the last four quarters and that translates to revenue growth being on that same upswing. And I think we believe that both of those trends are going to continue, albeit probably a little bit more slowly than our initial 2017 guidance implied.
Steve G. Filton: So, it's difficult to say, John, in the sense that IMD patients, or patients who are coming in as a result of the IMD don't necessarily carry a Medicaid card that says IMD, et cetera. I think we take the point of view that we have seen our Medicaid utilization increase since the IMD exclusion was lifted, and we make sort of, a default kind of – or we reached a sort of a default kind of conclusion that the increase in Medicaid utilization is a result largely of the IMD exclusion being lifted, but it's difficult, with any precision, to sort of identify the precise number of patients who really are at our hospitals, are eligible to be admitted to our hospitals because of the IMD exclusion, and I apologize...
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. So, I don't have those statistics right in front of me. I will tell you that I think our overall Medicaid utilization, which obviously includes traditional as well as managed Medicaid, is in mid-40s, et cetera, for our consolidated behavioral business.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. So, I think the Medicaid length of stay on average in the acute side of the business is probably in that six-day to seven-day range, probably Medicare is in the seven-day to eight-day range, and I think commercial was probably in the low teens, kind of 12-13 days.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. Look John, we've always been interested in the in-market hospital acquisition opportunity. The challenge for that is, we're in a relatively limited number of markets and that means that there are a relatively limited number of hospitals that might be available to us.
Steve G. Filton: In the past year, as an example, however, we bought Desert View Hospital in the Greater Las Vegas market, that's in, to be fair, a smaller rural hospital, but one that we think rounded out our presence in that market. We obviously also built the Henderson Facility that Alan has mentioned on several of the calls and it has been doing quite well.
Steve G. Filton: So, we continue to look for those opportunities in all of our existing markets whether they're inorganic M&A or organic capital capacity expansion. On the behavioral side, yeah, I mean, there are – I think the addiction corner of the behavioral market seems to be the sort of, hot, sort of market. We entered that kind of new style addiction business a couple of years ago when we bought Foundations. Part of our thought process when we bought Foundations was that it would provide a platform for us to continue to expand that business and we wouldn't necessarily have to do it through M&A which, we view as relatively expensive. I think most of the addiction assets that have been for sale over the last couple of years seems to be pretty expensive. So, we're growing the addiction business where we think it's appropriate, mostly, I think through organic means.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah. Ralph, I mean, I think we've talked about sort of the payer mix trends in the two divisions; on the acute side, continuing – which are all continuing a decline in commercial utilization, an increase in uncompensated, on the psych side, an increase in Medicaid, but I've really not gone into more specifics on that.
Steve G. Filton: I mean, I think that the pricing assumption that we made for our 2017 guidance, which is blended pricing on the behavioral side of 1% to 2% and blended pricing on the acute side of maybe 2.5% to 3%, is probably what – I mean, again, I'm not about to start to give 2018 guidance at this point, but as I sit here in mid-2017, it strikes me that that outlook at the moment, and things certainly can change between now and the end of the year, but that outlook seems reasonable for next year as well.
Steve G. Filton: Yeah, so in response to a previous question, I think it was Joanna from Bank of America, what I said was, I think we were comfortable on the acute side with the assumption of a 5% or 6% same-store revenue growth rate in the acute business; and while we expect over time that that will be split pretty evenly between price and volume, it is conceivable that in the short run, like you saw in the second quarter, it may be skewed more towards admissions if we're getting those lower acuity admissions, et cetera. But at the end of the day, we were comfortable with the overall revenue growth of 5% to 6%.
Steve G. Filton: We do not; other than to thank everybody for their time, and we look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter.
