Steve Filton: Andrew, I think that the elements that underlie the 2020 guidance are not terribly different than those that are under live the 2019 guidance, as well as, quite frankly, our 2019 results. And that is in the Acute Division, I think, revenue growth in the mid to upper single-digit range and commensurate EBITDA growth and on the behavioral side, revenue growth in the sort of 3% to 4% range with EBITDA growth in sort of a 1% to 2% range. And then obviously, we make some adjustments to that based on non-recurring reimbursement items, et cetera, that we expect in 2019, 2020 rather.
Steve Filton: Sure. And then we should move on to our next question. The – not only did our acute results decelerate in Q3, but we’ve really had industry-leading and what I would describe as historically extraordinary acute care volume growth for several years now. And I think, we’ve been preparing ourselves and investors as well for the notion that at some point, our volumes would moderate to sort of more historically normative levels. And I think you saw some of that in the fourth quarter of 2019. The only sort of specific market or hospital that I would point to is Henderson Hospital in Las Vegas. We’ve talked any number of times over the last few years about the explosive growth and the extraordinarily fast ramp-up at Henderson. That hospital is now operating at pretty much full capacity around the clock. So growth there has slowed. And on an overall basis, that has muted the overall growth of the Acute Care Division a little bit. Otherwise, I think, we just saw kind of a normative step down in the quarter. As far as the labor pressures, I think, again, nothing new there. We continue to see labor pressure in both of our business segments. I don’t think it’s a surprising development. And it’s not a not a new development, given the extremely robust and low unemployment rates in the country. The challenges have seemingly sort of reflected themselves differently in the two divisions in the Acute Division. It continues to press on both our salary and benefit expense and our other operating expense, where we recorded some of our contract physician labor, as we replace or fill the vacancies with temporary hours of over time or premium pay or locums, physicians, et cetera. And on the behavioral side, we – we’re challenged, because a lot of the labor vacancies resolved in an our having to cap beds or turn away patients. Again, nothing new in either of those instances, but it continues to be a challenge that our operators are very much focused on.
Steve Filton: Sure, Matt. I think 2019 was a year in which we experienced a fair amount, particularly in the acute business of quarter-to-quarter volatility. That was, I think, somewhat unexpected, in some cases, difficult to explain and different than sort of traditional seasonal patterns. Now, I think at the end of the year and for the full-year, the results of the division played out not terribly differently than our overall expectations. But I think, as we go into 2020, and even though we don’t give quarterly guidance and don’t intend to epic, our expectation would be absent any information to the contrary that the annual progression, the cadence of the quarters is sort of more traditional. Last year, we had a very solid first quarter in acute and then a much stronger second. I think this year, we’d expect a cadence that’s a bit more ratable. But hard to predict. And, quite frankly, it’s part of the reason, we don’t give quarterly guidance. As far as the coronavirus, like everybody else, I think, any commentary that I would give at this point would be purely speculative. It’s impossible to know what the impact would be specifically in the first quarter, but we’re certainly prepared. Our hospitals are prepared as best as they can be. If the coronavirus becomes more widespread, but – I think virtually impossible to predict the financial impact.
Steve Filton: I think, the only thing we can sort of fall back on is respiratory ailments that we’ve experienced before either very busy flu seasons or SARS, or whatever it was. And I think, generally, we have found that our elective procedures have really not been impacted by a busy respiratory ailment season, et cetera. Now, again, this is extraordinary. I think, all bets are off the table…
Steve Filton: Sure. So I think in terms of temp staffing in the acute business, one of the reasons why I think it was more of a drag even than it has been in the fourth quarter is that, as our volumes, as I alluded to before, I’ve been so strong for such a long period of time. I think that our hospitals and our hospital operators have been making longer-term commitments for temporary staffing, both for nurses and for physicians. So not just for a day or a couple of days in advance, but sometimes for weeks and months in advance. And as a consequence of that, when the volume softened a little bit in the fourth quarter, it was a little more difficult to adjust as quickly as we’d like to those sort of lower volumes. I do believe that if the lower volumes persist into 2020, and I’m not certain that they will, but I believe that we’ll be able to respond. And you’ll see those labor expenses, which get recorded in the case of nurses mostly on our salary line, in the case of doctors and many cases on that other operating expense line, I think you’ll see us get better control over those. As far as the pricing on the behavioral business, obviously, it’s helped by the insurance proceed recovery that I mentioned in my remarks. But also I think – and I think pricing has not really been a terribly challenging element for the behavioral division, but the improvement, I think, in Q4 is reflective of a little bit better payer mix that our control over our denials from payers, et cetera. So, I think some incremental improvement on those fronts help the stronger net revenue in the quarter.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think, your comments about length of stay, Kevin, are certainly accurate. Length of stay in the behavioral division has been pretty flat in 2019 after a couple of years of fairly consistent decline. We identified the reason for that decline many times as almost primarily a shift from traditional Medicaid patients to manage Medicaid patients, where the managed Medicaid payers are more aggressive in managing length of stay. I think the reason – the main reason for that stabilization in 2019 was, we just saw a slowing of that shift. We still believe there’s a chunk of patients in some states that will ultimately move from traditional Medicaid programs to managed Medicaid programs. It’s difficult for us to predict the timing. But we have an expectation that, that will occur at some point. In terms of how our 2020 behavioral guidance, particularly from a revenue per admission or from a pricing perspective relates to the fourth quarter performance, I think that we were basing our 2020 guidance more on the full-year performance of pricing. And when I talked about sort of 3% to 4% revenue growth in behavioral, it was really based on something like 1% volume and 2% the 3% pricing, which I think is more in line with what we ran for the full-year and that’s – that was the basis of our 2020 guidance.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think there’s a bunch of different sort of questions wrapped up in what you’re asking A.J. I mean, what I would say, in as brief away as possible, in terms of impact and the approach that our new Behavioral President, Matt Peterson is taking is, I think, as most people know, Matt comes from a strong managed care background, spending the last decade or so with United Optum. And I think that he, as a consequence, has a perspective that there are real opportunities for us to partner with some of our managed care payers and create arrangements that are mutually beneficial to both the payer and the provider. In other words, help the payer control their utilization, but create a structure whereby when there is utilization, we are the beneficiary of that in a primary way. So those conversations, I think, are underway. They’re not necessarily ones that can be affected immediately. But I think over time will yield kind of a more collaborative sort of relationship with payers that, that should again be mutually beneficial and a win-win for both. I think the other thing that Matt brings to the table is a rigor and a discipline around process based on his experience, both in the managed care world, as well as in the military. He’s got a lifelong career in the Air Force reserves. And in that sense, I don’t think he’s identified terribly new issues or different issues, a lot of things that we’ve talked about before, things like denial management, the process of how we intake and evaluate patients, et cetera. But I think, Matt is bringing some, again, level of rigor and discipline to those processes that we haven’t necessarily had before. And I think ultimately, that will certainly be helpful. In terms of how that translates to the guidance. I think we took the position a couple of years ago, that it was difficult for us to predict when the behavioral business would inflect or when it would turn, we have firmly believed for some time that it will. We continue to believe that. We continue to believe that the underlying demand will support an increase in our same-store admission growth at some point. But I think we’re – we’ve been committed over the last certainly year or two to the idea that we’re not going to try and get out in front and predict when that’s going to happen. When it does, we’ll alter our projections and our guidance at that time.
Steve Filton: So the assumption that we’ve made in guidance? Well, first of all, the way this has played out is that, we’re talking about the commercial Sierra, United contract in Las Vegas in which HCA has been out of network for over a decade, beginning and effective with January 1 of 2020. They are back in network. The nature of our contract is such that, we had an opportunity once that occurred to renegotiate our rates with Sierra, which we have done and have we’ve now signed a new contract with Sierra, which is also effective January 1 of this year. Our expectation is that, there will be obviously a decline in volume, as some of the Sierra patients that have historically come to our Las Vegas hospitals will now go to HCA hospitals. But we believe that over the course of a longer-term, that negative impact will largely be offset by increased pricing that’s effective, both January 1 and there are other scheduled increases that we already get over the next year-and-a-half or so. As far as the very early signs of it, not surprisingly, A.J., the shift of patients at the very outset of 2020 has been relatively slow, which is a good thing, obviously, from our perspective, but we certainly are not naive. And we understand that there’s a real effort on HCA to promote the change in the contract and they’re new in network status, their billboards and commercials in the market. So over time, we assume that, that shift of patients will accelerate. But, again, I think in – over an extended period of time and over the year, we assume the result will largely be a push.
Steve Filton: Sure. So, again, as I think I noted when I made the Henderson commentary earlier that that’s certainly not the single driver of the slowdown in volumes. It’s probably got about a 40, 50 basis point impact on the volume slowdown. But I think the remaining components out of their spread pretty evenly throughout the rest of the portfolio. The Vegas problem of facilities running at capacity is a good problem to have and one which we’ve been addressing. We’ve, I think, commented on any number of occasions in 2019 that we have had expansion projects at virtually all of our six major Las Vegas facilities, new towers, new beds, ER expansions, the surgical expansions, et cetera. We’ve got at Henderson, specifically, a whole brand-new tower that’s being developed, and that, that project is underway, but it will be sometime before that new capacity is open.
Steve Filton: So I’m not sure I have all that sort of precise information, Pito. I will say this. I mean, I think what we would sort of strive for, if you will, is something around 2% of our nursing hours to be premium pay. I think if you have 0% of your nursing hours that’s premium pay, you probably would argue that you’re somewhat overstaffed. But 2% is sort of probably kind of close to maximum efficiency. I think over the last several years, we’ve been running more in kind of the mid single digits, given the labor shortages, et cetera. From a physician perspective, I think, our general target is not to really have any temporary physician costs. It’s much more efficient to have permanent physicians in both contract and specialty services, et cetera. So I don’t exactly know what the numbers are. But clearly, the contract labor, both in nursing and in physicians is probably the single biggest operating challenge that the acute division has faced. And I just want to go back and add one thing on to my comments about Las Vegas and really just add on, one other major expansion that we have is, we are building a new hospital in Reno, that should open in 2021. And obviously, it will enhance our statewide presence in Nevada significantly. So I think that’s very much related to the expansions that we have in the southern part of Nevada as well.
Steve Filton: Sure, Sarah. So, as I noted in my comments, we have a number of projects that are under development. One of them is with Baylor in Temple, Texas. That’s a facility that will open or scheduled to open at least in late 2020. As far as any of the other projects that are in our pipeline, I’m not going to comment on any of those conversations, specifically. We, again, as I commented in my opening remarks, we’ve got, I think, up to eight projects under way that will open either in 2020 or 2021. Those are obviously completed negotiations, et cetera, and then another 40 in the pipeline. Obviously, I think, it reflects a very active pipeline. It reflects real interest on the part of a large number of geographically first not-for-profit acute care hospitals who are interested in these joint ventures. But we’re really not going to comment on any of those discussions until they are executed.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think that, that’s – so the answer, first of all, is the effort to manage our supply costs find the most effective suppliers from above the quality and pricing standpoint is ongoing. There are initiatives to all the time, there’s none that I would highlight specifically, but I can assure you, it’s a main focus of our operators. I think part of the reason for the supply costs coming down is just some of the strong revenue – revenues out, because the surgical mix is up, because denials are down, because uncompensated care is down some. And I think the supply costs, particularly in relation to our other labor costs on which I think there is greater pressure, appear to be controlled better and I think they are. So that’s I think what’s happening.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think it’s sort of really, Josh, the full continuum. I think we are committed to the idea as an acute care provider that successful acute care providers really need to be kind of have a presence across the full continuum. And I think, so up on the front-end, that includes, as you described, urgent care centers, which we have a few, the FEDs, which we have several, and I highlighted in my comments, primary care physician offices, which we have a great many of, et cetera. And then, I think on the back-end, obviously then, in the hospital, we’ve got extensive outpatient facilities, both in and out of the hospital. We have – We do own ASCs in our markets as well. And then on the back-end, things like home health and long-term care and rehab, et cetera. So in all of our markets, we sort of take a different approach to these things. And we are either buying or building or partnering those capacities and those services. But we could talk about any single one of our markets. And I think, we would be able to describe a narrative to you, that reflects a much greater presence along the full continuum. And some of that obviously is reflected in our CapEx as well, some of its reflected in joint venture arrangements, et cetera. But in some form or fashion, we are building that presence along that continuum in all of our markets.
Steve Filton: Yes. So one of the things I think that we have really experienced all year is sort of an inverse rule on the acute side and inverse relationship between volumes and pricing. So earlier in the year when volumes were extremely high and, in particular, ER volumes were particularly high, that generally suggest that our medical-surgical mix was a little bit more skewed to medical, that our uncompensated burden was a little bit higher because of the ER volumes, et cetera. In the fourth quarter, as volumes came down a little bit, I think, we saw the opposite of that phenomena. We saw a little better surgical to medical mix. We saw a slightly lower uncompensated care burden. And that helped to drive the extremely stronger revenue per admission or pricing in the quarter, whereas volumes were a little bit lower than they’ve been.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think that and this has been broadly reported, and I don’t think it had anything specifically to do with UHS. I think that in the early phases of this process, the issues have been – it’s been a little bit difficult to get testing done on patients who are suspected to have the virus. I think, originally, the testing was only being done by the CDC. Now, there are more places, but I think testing at least so far has been a little bit cumbersome. My presumption is that, as the country gears up for this, that will become a more effective process. And then I think it has been widely reported things like gloves and masks are in short supply. We’re doing everything we can to make sure that we have an adequate supply of those things, as well as an adequate pipeline. But as you might imagine, I suspect most hospitals in the country are doing similar things. So, that’s something, I think, to be seen, but certainly we are making every effort to be as prepared as we can.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I mean, I don’t have the precise data in front of me, Gary. But generally, all of these new hospitals are in the 100 to 120-bed range size. And then in terms of structure, I think, most of them are probably in that 80-20 range. There certainly are a couple that are a little closer to 50-50. We would not enter into or I think it would be highly unlikely that we would enter into a joint venture in which we had less than a 51% share and basically the management control of the facility. But each deal is negotiated separately, but I think the 80-20 model is probably normative.
Steve Filton: Yes. So the the ACA dish that Congress has deferred those cuts through May, in our guidance, we presume that Congress will not defer them after May and that’s about a $10 million headwind in 2020. I think what you’re otherwise referring to is in our broader supplemental payments that includes dish and uncompensated care and provider taxes, et cetera. And frankly, that – it does cross both divisions. We get that reimbursement in both our divisions.
Steve Filton: We’re expecting a $10 million or $15 million decline next year. And I don’t have the specific breakout in front of me, but I think that’s actually split between the two divisions.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, I think it’s hard to predict. And, obviously, it’s not exactly analogous. But the IMD exclusion being lifted was something that we thought would have a more immediate impact. And when I say we really are making sort of an overall industry comment. I think that freestanding industry felt like we would see more of those adult Medicaid patients just shifting relatively quickly from the acute care setting to the freestanding setting. I think, you might expect sort of something similar from the 1115 waiver. But what we saw, I think, from the IMD exclusion is that, the acute hospitals were not necessarily all that anxious to part with those patients. And as a consequence, I think, we see those JV conversations being much more active and much more robust. But the actual shift of patients, not as quick. And so I would wait and see how these 1115 waivers really resolved, or what the result is in terms of potentially more patients.
Steve Filton: Yes. So our malpractice experience has not really changed much over the last several years. It’s been pretty stable. As far as contract fees, I would say pretty much the same thing. Again, I think the bigger pressure for us has been on vacancies in some of our contract position services, as well as other specialties, where we’re having to either pay a vendor for some of those vacancies or we’re having to pay locums costs, et cetera. But in terms of our kind of regular contract service arrangements for things like ER doctors and hospitals, et cetera, I think those costs have remained fairly stable.
Steve Filton: Yes. So Emerald Coast, which is the name of the facility in Panama City has reopened, I believe in September and has ramped back up to, I think pretty sort of normal pre-hurricane level. So I think for 2020, the operating recovery in that facility should provide a bit of a tail wind maybe in the neighborhood of $5 million to $10 million for the behavioral division in 2020.
Steve Filton: No, I don’t think there’s a real significant change. I mean, we’ve seen some incremental improvement in that standalone addiction treatment business, but remains one, where we’re trying any number of initiatives to improve the results there and making some progress, but it’s incremental.
Steve Filton: Look, I think that wage inflation has certainly picked up over the last several years. And we’ve probably gone from 2.5% to 3.5% annual wage increases a few years ago, I think, a little lower in the behavioral division, a little higher in acute to probably 3.5% to 4.5% or at least 3.5% to 4% in today’s environment. But again, I still think that the biggest pressure really has come on the two businesses, not so much on the hourly wage pressure itself, but on the premium pay, in the acute division and in our inability to serve all the patients that we like to on the behavioral side.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I mean, I think that the acuity really manifested itself in surgical volumes. I think, inpatient surgical volumes were up 2% or 3% in the quarter, which is probably one of the better increases we’ve had in the last several years. And I don’t have the exact uncompensated care numbers in front of me. But I know that the number of uncompensated patients as a percentage ticked down somewhat in Q4.
Steve Filton: Yes. I mean, that to me was the uncompensated care. I mean, I think most of our other payer percentages remain similar.
Steve Filton: Okay, we thank everybody for their time and look forward to talking with everybody again in a couple of months at the end of the first quarter.
