Steve Filton: Sure. So I think that from an acute care perspective the basic assumptions are an expectation that acute care same-store revenue growth in the kind of 3% to 4% range with result in EBITDA that is sort of flat to slightly up. And then, we get a bump from the turnaround in Temecula EBITDA or as I will sort of call it the Temecula market EBITDA, we had $15 million or $16 million drag this year. And we believe we will get something close to breakeven in 2014. So that's a significant EBITDA turnaround, although its largely offset at the pre-tax line by increased depreciation and interest expense associated with that project. On the behavioral side, I think that we continue to expect that the revenues of that business to grow and that kind of 4%, 4.5% range, which should result in EBITDA growth in the mid-single digits fairly consistent with what we have been running in that division. And obviously, again, in both divisions as I mentioned in my prepared remarks on top of or sort of incremental to those assumptions we then have to factor in the drag of the $34 million reduced UPL/DSH and provider tax payments, which I think are split relatively evenly between the two divisions.
Steve Filton: So I think as we’ve talked about in previous calls and we started to see some recovery in the Las Vegas economy both volumes and payer mix have improved in Q2 and Q3, so a little bit of a backslide in Q4. And I think as we suggested in earlier quarters we would guess that the recovery in Vegas, while over the long-term will be an upward trajectory is likely to be sort of bumpy along the way much as it was on the way down. I think that's what we are seeing. So my sense Justin in 2014 is that the metrics I gave about overall revenue and EBITDA growth in the acute division will be slightly better in the Vegas market. But, not dramatically better.
Steve Filton: Thanks. I'm actually going to defer the reform question, I'm sure there will be other reform questions, just to give other people a chance to ask their questions. So operator can we take the next question.
Steve Filton: Sure, Kevin. So I think that as I indicated in my prepared remarks, the low end of our guidance presumes effectively an acute – an impact on the acute care business from reform but not for the behavioral. And then I think the high-end of the guidance reflects an impact on the behavioral business and obviously, the range of the continuum of the guidance shows that progressively. I think we have always suggested in our own modeling internally is that the ACA impact on the acute care business is an uninsured issue meaning that we have ignored any increased volume or increased utilization, which I know others have speculated there will be – I don't know that we would argue that there won't, but we just have not included. So what we have done from a modeling perspective, which I'm sure is not terribly different than our peers, it’s gone out, looked at the enrollment data that HHS has published state by state, in the states that we operate, made some judgments about how many of our currently uninsured will get covered, I know one of our peers cited an estimate of their 2014 model including 7% to 9% of uninsured becoming insured and we think that's a reasonably – a reasonable number and something close to what our model yielded. And then we think that such result, if you get there yields for us 4% to 5%, 3% to 4%, 5% increase in acute care EBITDA. On the behavioral side, the impact is almost exclusively on volumes if in fact there is significant commercial enrollment and newly insureds we believe there is an opportunity to see increased volume. Maybe some on the expanded Medicaid side as well. So again, the high-end of our guidance I think presumes something like maybe a 1% increase in our overall volumes as a result of the surge of newly insureds.
Steve Filton: So the answer is, your first statement is correct, if the $10 million gets approved by CMS for California then we will obviously sort of update our guidance and include that in our results. And secondly, the acquisitions that we've referenced are included in our guidance and in our – both in our revenue and EBITDA guidance.
Steve Filton: No. I think it's just a – I mean, it's just the sense that because CMS haven't approved it, it's not an approved program yet.
Steve Filton: Sure. So the question that Riverside, which just for everybody's benefit is the Southern California Riverside County market including the new Temecula Hospital. So I think to your point, when you look at our same-store volumes in Q4 Josh that market is a bit of a drag because the Temecula admissions and the Temecula volumes are not included in our same-store numbers, but we've seen some cannibalization as we would have expected at our existing facility and those continue to be included in our same-store admission metrics. So a little bit I think of the Q4 acute weakness can be attributable to that cannibalization. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me in terms of the absolute overall impact. But my sense is that, if you have the Temecula numbers in there, it’s probably 40 or 50 basis points worth of admissions. And from a procedures perspective, I'll just mention I think surgical procedures, I think surgical procedures were relatively flat in total in the quarter although they were skewed more towards some growth in outpatient procedures, and somewhat of a decline in, inpatient procedures, which put a little bit of pressure from a revenue perspective lot of attention by our operating folks on – focused on driving those inpatient numbers higher.
Steve Filton: I think that challenge Josh, when trying to look at any relatively short period and I certainly would think that this first couple of months is a short period is that there are so many variables at play that its difficult to isolate one in this case the impact of reform and really draw any terribly meaningful conclusions. Just to your point, I mean we really only have one month worth of payer and insurance data January was a pretty good month in terms of payer mix but to be fair January is usually a pretty good month in terms of payer mix. So I would really be loath to draw any great conclusions from that. On the volume side, again, difficult to do, particularly on the behavioral side and particularly this year when there just have been a lot of other exogenous factors clearly January volumes in our behavioral business were affected by the weather in a number of places. So difficult to sort of parse that dynamic out from any reform impact et cetera, so I think it's a little too early. Honestly, we may well get to the first -- the end of the first quarter and have reported results where its still going to difficult to cheese out with great precision the impact of the Affordable Care Act. Obviously, the longer we go on and the more periods we have to look at in the more data we have to look at, I think the better and the more sound the conclusions will be.
Steve Filton: Sure, Brian. My sense is that we're doing all the same things that both our for profit and not-for-profit peers are doing that is, we've always as the hospital industry had a very focused and directed effort to qualify any uninsured individuals, who come to our hospitals for potential insurance that they might get. Historically, that has been mostly directed to a Medicaid effort in getting people qualified for Medicaid, if they can be and that effort continues in the same way. Obviously, now with the commercial exchanges, there is another alternative potentially for people who don't have insurance and come to our hospitals. So we have Certified Application Counselors at all of our hospitals. We go through the exercise of helping anyone who doesn't have insurance familiarize themselves with their options and et cetera. We've done a significant amount of outreach that is letters and phone calls to patients who had a history of coming to our hospital frequently and we've reached out to them proactively. And the challenge, I think with all these activities is, it's difficult, again, in the broader sense to draw real meaningful conclusions from that activity. So we've signed and we know that certain people have signed up but a lot of enrollment sort of takes place if you will outside of our purview. So I think we are really relaying on outside sources either the government, mostly the government or to some degree the insurance companies to really tell us how that overall and overarching enrollment process is going.
Steve Filton: Brian I think that your observations are right on. I think we saw a little bit of easing of that pressure in Q4. The challenge to say whether that's really the beginning of a turn or the beginning of an absolute leveling out is tough to do and I'm especially reluctant to do it because I predicted that turn prematurely a couple of times in over the last few years. So I think we're going to wait and see I think, or when I laid out the behavioral expectations, or metrics for 2014, they include quite frankly a continued at least incremental decline in length or space. So we're prepared for that although hope that we don't necessarily experience it.
Steve Filton: We've talked I think a lot over the course of the last few quarters and even last year or two about the idea that we think that there is a significant realignment occurring in the acute care space, I mean we are aware of -- it seems to us almost every not-for-profit system of any size and quite frankly those who that are even smaller are having conversations and going through processes about thinking how they're going to position themselves in the post reform landscaped doesn't mean that they're all going to be sellers by any means. But it certainly means that they're going through those conversations and I will tell you that on both sides of our business that is on acute and behavioral. We're trying to participate as much as we can in those conversations to see what opportunities we might have to do any number of things to buy facilities to joint venture to manage behavioral services really to – really span the gamut of what can be done. So in terms of being able to say with great precision come what's going to happen and what we're really expecting, I think it's difficult to do, but we're – obviously we've got balance sheet that is attractive from a leverage perspective, so that if there are really attractive and compelling opportunities we can add, but we'll continue to be as we always have been judicious and how we do that.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think that just to be fair, in most of the activity particularly on the acute side in the last few years has been on the more rural end of the spectrum, which I think is why the more rural companies have been the most active, that's never really been our sweet spot. And so I think that so again, it's a fair comment, but I think that the reason that we have been I think patiently waiting is the notion that at some point that activity is going to move along the spectrum and start to encompass more of the suburban and urban players that we probably have a greater interest in. So from – purely as sort of mechanical guidance perspective, the way that we think about cash generation is we just presume that we use our cash to repay debt, but from a more practical perspective, I think we're looking – we're always looking at whatever external uses we have for our cash as well as whether at some point it becomes more prudent for us to become a more aggressive return of capital to shareholders.
Steve Filton: Well, I was sort of stating the obvious, A.J. I mean you're right, we've done the two biggest deals in the space in the last three years when we bought PSI back in 2010, and then we bought Ascend back at the end of 2012. And so I think from a practical perspective, it certainly nothing left on the size or scope of the PSI deal. And even from an – from a comparative perspective, there is only a handful of companies besides Ascend. So I think a lot of the remaining opportunities are smaller one-offs. We've done our share of those deals over the last few years as well, I just don't think they've been – they've gotten the attention or the highlight given the much larger deals that we've done. So, I think the – I think there remains a tremendous amount of opportunities for consolidation in the behavioral space, but it's a more fragmented space with some of those bigger deals having now been done. I think the other piece of it as I was alluding to a little bit before is that, there is a lot of activity on the acute care side of the business meaning acute care hospitals that have behavioral components to them either behavioral units or freestanding behavioral facilities. We're looking to get into that business or out o it, and we are having a number of I think very promising conversations with some fairly large acute care providers that we view as again, very promising. And we believe this will constitute a significant component of our growth in the behavioral business over the next few years.
Steve Filton: My comments I think about the progression for the year is that obviously, or maybe not obviously, but I think so the ACA impact is a progressive impact, in theory that should become bigger as the year goes on and the enrollments process continues et cetera. From the weather perspective, yes I mean – we may see I think a few million dollar impact in our behavioral business in the first quarter, but I don't know that in the grand scheme of the year that's a huge issue. My sense is that a lot of the other companies who have sort of cautioned about the first quarter are the companies that are engaged in very significant integration processes with acquisitions et cetera that that's a different dynamic then we'll be experiencing. So from my perspective, I don't know that quarterly progression in 2014 other than the – with the ACA caveat, should be terribly different than what we've historically seen.
Steve Filton: Sure, Ralph. So I know that it's a typical number to – I think again sort of parse out with great precision. But sort of based on the change in our number of observation days et cetera. I know one of our peers suggested that their impact was maybe 50 basis points particularly on their Medicare admissions in the quarter and that's pretty consistent, I think with what we would guess as well. And I think our sense is that – while, the two-midnight rule is sort of the latest step in this continued shift from in to outpatient, it is part of a larger shift that has been underway for a long time. And I think that we have just taken I think try to budget our admissions for next year in the context to that larger shift. And so, I think when I talked about an acute care revenue growth in 2014 like 3%, 4%, I think that is frankly mostly priced with just modest volume growth.
Steve Filton: So answering the second question first, I think that although it varies by market, historically we've had a two-third success rate that is people who we actually feel we can try and qualify for Medicaid, we historically have converted or qualified about two-thirds of those. I don't have exact percentage of that you've asked for, obviously I thinking a number of analysts I pointed this out, in terms – and these are really acute care comments. In terms of number of beds, we have the most exposure I believe of all the companies to states that are Medicaid expanding states. And that's mainly because of our huge footprint in Nevada, which is expanding but we're obviously also in California and in the District of Columbia, which are also localities that are expanding. The challenge is, is that in those states and localities in the case of the district, they're not necessarily the states in which we have our greatest number of uninsured, clearly from our – from an acute care perspective, the greatest number of uninsured and the biggest uninsured market we have are in Texas. And so in the long run whether or not Texas participates in Medicaid expansion is probably kind of the biggest swing factor from a Medicaid expansion perspective.
Steve Filton: Yes. So two things with one is you have consistently pointed that out and two is, I'm consistently appreciate that you do so, so thanks for that. As far as the bed expansions next year, they do include at least one de novo project.
Steve Filton: I don't think so, I mean as you know we've been expanding our behavioral footprint organically for now what amounts to probably a good seven or eight year period. I think we're ramping the pace of next year a little bit, but honestly I think that has much to do with sort of some local markets specifics being able to get a CON or zoning in a particular location. I've made the point historically that if we could, we be building behavioral beds even faster than we have and we've been slowed by a lot of these regulatory hurdles. And I just think that in 2014 and 2015, we've overcome some of those and so that pace will pick up a little bit. And also, to state the obvious, I mean we're investing money in that process because it has been a process that has earned us a pretty high return over the last seven or eight years. And so even I though I think we continue to be judicious about it and don't necessarily subscribe to the notion that if you just build it's always going to workout. The fact of the matter is that in most of our endeavors we had worked out very well.
Steve Filton: So I mean obviously, Whit you know that Las Vegas is by far our single biggest acute care market as well as obviously our largest market all together. We expanded our footprint in Las Vegas any number of times over the last decade three or four times in significant ways, mostly to gain greater sort of geographic diversity and to make sure that we can cover as much of the market as possible. And we've talked about for a long time is that one part of the market in which we have no coverage is the southeastern or the let's call the Henderson market in Las Vegas. And we did acquire a piece of land in that market that we plan to develop a new hospital in over the next few years and that's frankly been always a part of our sort of long-term strategy and what is obviously our single most important market.
Steve Filton: Yes. So from a D&A perspective, and I struggled with this a little bit because I never know exactly how everybody else does their models. But I think our – what I would call our GAAP D&A number for next year is somewhere in the $370 million to $380 million range and somewhere between $35 million and $40 million of that is attributable to our EHR activity, we obviously have crossed that $35 million to $40 million about in the $0.05 EPS number that we exclude, but depending on how others do their models, those are I think the two relevant numbers. As far as the Temecula progression goes and actually I probably should have said that as part of the A.J. 's question, yes I mean sort of as you might expect, I think we expect Temecula to continue to improve as the year goes on. So I think while we're expecting a breakeven result in that Temecula market for the full year of 2014 it probably is dilutive in the first half of the year and accretive in the second half of the year for a full year result that's ultimately neutral.
Steve Filton: Sure, Frank. So on the ARPs, the Illinois issue which is an issue with our just sort of a regular Medicaid receivables and quite frankly relates not to just us but to all providers in Illinois and is more about the state zone physical issues. Honestly, that AR balance tends to fluctuate, so it rose a little bit at the end of the year and then it's come down some in January, but we just call it out because it has been a fluctuating number. The piece in Texas is not our regular patient receivables, but UPL/DSH receivable, and again, only call it out because it's become a relatively large number although we have every expectation that it's going to paid at some point in 2014, I think probably in the spring although not yet paid. And I'm sorry you had a second question Frank that I'm completely forgetting. If Frank is not on the line may be somebody else will remember it.
Steve Filton: So Chris, I mean, I think that generally we would say that our maintenance capital, which I think is what you would, what you have framed or characterized as routine is somewhere in the $80 million to $100 million range mostly related to the acute care business. So somewhere around 25% to 30% of our overall spend is maintenance capital.
Steve Filton: And I'm, I don't have that information in front of me Chris. My recollection is that about 25% of our overall Medicare admissions or Medicare advantage admissions, but I definitely sort of cautioned you taking that number as gospel, but we can certainly get that number.
Steve Filton: I can't really think Darren at anything on the acute side that is extraordinary from an expense perspective. I will mention although not an expense side and there was one non-recurring item from a margin perspective in the acute division that is, we had at a few of our facilities may be $7 million or $8 million unfavorable sort of cost reports last reimbursement adjustment having to do with some of our sub-acute reimbursement at a few hospitals. So and we didn't really have a comparable item last year. So that was $7 million or $8 million drag on margins in the quarter that was certainly a bit out of the ordinary. But on the expense side, I can't really think of any.
Steve Filton: I think they're tapering although I would describe it as a fairly incremental process. So the improvement quarter-to-quarter is not terribly dramatic one quarter over another although we believe the trajectory is a good one.
Steve Filton: Yes. So I think that we have historically said that something around 8% to 10% of our total acute care admissions are have historically been uninsured admissions. And what I was saying earlier is, I think our 2014 ACA modeling presumes that something like 7% to 9% of those admissions or those volumes get some covered in some form or fashion.
Steve Filton: I think historically, we have conduced or collected rather somewhere in the neighborhood of 50% to 55% of our balance after insurance which would be both deductibles and copays.
Steve Filton: Yes, I mean I think – again, if you think about the guidance, I mean if you think about our same-store guidance, certainly we don't expect any significant changes in the same-store mix of a business. Obviously, if we're at the sort of low-end of our guidance meaning that we get a – an acute care ACA impact and no behavioral impact that would skew the business a little more towards acute. So and if we get to the higher end with the behavioral impact, so the ACA variables I think could affect that mix a little bit. But, in terms of that core business, I don't think we see it changing dramatically.
Steve Filton: We've had a few challenges with Ascend that I think our challenges that we faced in the rest of the portfolio as well Ascend have done a great job of targeting the military business, which is a relatively small but fairly profitable component behavioral business. We certainly have had military business at some of our facilities. That business has clearly come under pressure in 2013, and the Ascend is always probably felt that a little disproportionately. No, other that – that's the one item I would sort of think noteworthy and I have to call out.
Steve Filton: Yes, I think that we have a view that what we were buying in that acquisition was 9 high quality facilities that over the long-term would outperform. And also I think would likely be expandable. And I think that remains our long-term view.
Steve Filton: So I think both comments are true Gary in the sense that the UPL – in the state of the California UPL is a drag on the acute margins. The other piece is that 3% to 4% is sort of the magic line if you will, I think if those acute care growth is closer to 3%, then I think it's tough to have margin expansion as you start to grow beyond that it becomes a little bit easier. So its kind of a very delicate balance right there. We would obviously hope to see that revenue growth pushed to the high-end a little bit where we could get more margin expansion. But that's not what the guidance implies.
Steve Filton: Yes. I think I mentioned to somebody else before almost in passing, that it is more heavily I think weighted towards price than to volume.
Steve Filton: So I think the Temecula D&A because we did have a quarter of it in 2013. I think the incremental Temecula D&A is somewhere $11 million, $12 million, $13 million.
Steve Filton: I mean historically, we have not – honestly I don't have it in front of me, so I couldn't do it if I wanted to.
Steve Filton: It's a little bit in Texas, which I think is the rest of the acute, and then across the behavioral division, I think just a bunch of states I know Illinois and Arkansas in there. But, there is probably 6 to 8 states on the behavioral side that can contribute to that decline.
Steve Filton: Thanks Frank. Yes, so we – you will see, in our 10-K, our free cash flow after CapEx this year was a little over $500 million. I don't think there is anything that's terribly unusual in that number. So depending on how you are modeling next year, I think we ought to have an increase to that free cash flow, given the fact that our CapEx is relatively flat next year an increase in free cash flow next year that's commensurate with whatever EBITDA increase you are using for next year.
Steve Filton: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for their participation and look forward to talking to everyone after the first quarter.
