Carl Bass: Yes, sure. Yes, it was certainly a pleasure to see the Americas grow at that rate, Brent. And I think what we're seeing has been a slow steady build. I mean, it doesn't feel like it's over-the-top. It just feels like it's been growing. We saw the turnaround kind of start 1.5 years ago, almost 2 years ago, and it's just been building. And I do think we saw a little bit of reflection a bit this quarter of a different mix than certainly what we might have anticipated. And as we went into the planning for next year, I think the mix will be slightly different and I think Americas will continue to do well. I think Asia will do well. I think there are still question marks about what's going on in Europe as you well know.
Carl Bass: I think for the industry realignment, which is really about our direct salespeople, which again, first of all, is only a fraction of our business. It's less than 20% of our businesses that way. I think it will improve the effectiveness of that sales force over time. We're giving them more products to sell. We're basically going on saying, go to the manufacturing company. And whether they're looking for tools for product development, looking for PLM tools or looking for tools to build their factory, we can give you all those different tools and service that account more effectively. Probably the bigger change -- and so I don't think it's going to be a big deal. And many of the people who do that job everyday who are doing it, they have to really tweak their offering. They have just a little bit bigger portfolio of products to sell. What I'm more excited about is extending those changes to our channel partners and allowing our channel partners to sell more of the portfolio. For some of them, it's not a big deal. For others, they've had to go to unnatural acts when a customer want something but they haven't been authorized to sell it. And now just having broader access, as well as the tools to manage that, I think are important.
Carl Bass: Like I often find myself saying on these calls, I wouldn't take too much out of one quarter. Manufacturing has held up -- I mean, held up well through the downturn. It's the market for us that held up best. Coming out of it, it's been strong all the way through. I don't see this as a trend. I'm very excited about what we're seeing in the Manufacturing accounts. I think our competitive position has never been stronger. And I think it's really a combination of what we have to offer, including the new PLM offerings, and a little bit stumbling by some of our competitors. And so I think it's a nice thing. I think you'll see good growth in Manufacturing continuing through the next year.
Carl Bass: I think our expectation going into this was that we were targeting people to buy the middle tier suite. That was really the intention all along. We've seen a little bit more buying at the high end than we originally planned for. More people are buying that top-tier suite than we had originally imagined.
Carl Bass: In every one, I think there are 2 effects, one that you mentioned, Brendan, and then the other. I mean, one is, government agencies tend to look to other government agencies for guidance in what tools. There's nothing like a customer reference coming from another DOT or from the state DOTs looking at the federal. That's a really important thing. But probably an even bigger effect is that many of these organizations, while they are large engineering organization, the bulk of their work is done by the private sector. So they -- and in many cases, they either really mandate particular tools or they highly recommend tools, and so you get the ecosystem to use the tool. So the combination of both customer reference, as well as the spill-on effect of the ecosystem adopting the tools, are both really good things. I'll say even in like the New Mexico DOT, each of these agencies certainly evaluates these things for their own needs. But it sure helps when they're able to look at a similar kind of agency and look at their peers and understand what it took to adopt it, what the changes were in bringing in new technology and then, of course, what the benefits in return on investment was.
Carl Bass: Yes. That's exactly the direction we've been headed. We would like -- we've always said we'd like to get to a sell-through model. And we're not there yet. We don't have all the things that we need.
Carl Bass: Yes, it certainly was strong in the U.S., and we were seeing some form of recovery in the AEC market in the United States. We've really hit the tipping point with BIM or building information modeling. I mean, we've hit the point where there's huge amount of demand from owners. It's being mandated by government agencies. And as we've always talked about, the drivers -- to a large extent, the place where most of the money is spent is in the construction part of AEC. And what we've seen around the world definitely differential rates. But worldwide, we're seeing the adoption of BIM technology. And so for example, historically, Japan has been a laggard with respect to the adoption of technology. They've been primarily doing 2D technology in AEC. And just in the last year, we've seen the leading firms, the genecoms [ph] in Japan all adopt BIM technology. So that's a dramatic change that, again, like I talked about before, has a huge spillover effect for the entire industry. And I've said it before, say it again, it's no longer a question of if, but really of when people will be doing 3D modeling and simulation and visualization in AEC. And so I think we're just in the sweet spot of the adoption. Certainly, the macroeconomics in each of these countries affects it on a quarterly basis. But if you kind of stand back and squint, you can just see broad adoption of a new way of doing business.
Carl Bass: First of all, I'm chuckling a little bit because in many ways, market share is so easy to calculate. I don't know why all of you deal with it as this anecdotal thing of allowing people to say, "I'm gaining market share or I'm not." While certainly there's less information about other parts of people's models, I think there's really only 2 ways to calculate market share. And one would be to look at revenue and another one might be something like seats. But in each case where it's reported, the numerator and the denominator are really straightforward. And whether it goes up or down is actually a fact. It's not a matter of opinion. So I don't -- in some ways, I just don't get it. Why you almost let people get away with -- if Autodesk grows at twice the rate of another company, I don't know how they're gaining share on this, or maybe I just don't understand market share. To the more -- maybe that was just your prelude to your real question rather than my rant about market share. I mean, one of the things that's interesting for us is in almost every case, customers have some of our software. And so we don't have as big a distinction between new -- kind of brand-new customers and existing customers. What we do look at a lot is the place we play in the value to the customer. So there are places we were, front and center, the most important product that they use to do their design and engineering work. There are other places where we play a peripheral role. And a lot of it is moving from those peripheral roles to more central roles. But if you go out there, it's very hard to find any sizable engineering company or somebody in media and entertainment that doesn't use our tools to a small extent. So I guess, the answer would be there. But I would say, at a certain point, when you go from a small niche player within a firm, you're actually changing the quality of the relationship in some material way. It's not just gaining more share within the company, you're changing your relationship with the customer.
Carl Bass: We've been thrilled with the adoption of suites. We're always kind of looking and will continue to tweak where we do promotions, where we see opportunities. Certainly, taken as a whole, you'll see less promotional activity around the suites than you saw at the introduction but kind of still reserve the right to look, whether it's geographically or on a particular line of business, where we want to incent people to move more quickly.
Carl Bass: Yes. So one of the things -- we've talked about simulation for a while. One of the parts of the business, plastic injection molding, our Moldflow business did particularly well. And I've talked about this before, when we talk about digital prototyping, a large payoff for the 3D modeling that we do and that we enable is the ability to do analysis and simulation and optimization. It's becoming increasingly important to manufacturers in a much more competitive environment. They are trying to lower costs and get products to market more quickly. One of the things I highlighted in those opening remarks was what we're seeing in consumer products part of our business. That is typically really short-cycle products. Many of them include things like plastic simulation. Time to market and cost are critical in that arena. And our products are good there. But generally speaking, when I see what we're doing now -- and you got to step back in some ways, Perry, and go back to we were quite the underdog in manufacturing not that many years ago. Certainly, in all the design and engineering tools, we've reached parity if not exceeded the capability and functionality of our competitors. Again, we've done the same thing with simulation, where we now feel very confident in our offering of simulation tools. And we're excited about offering PLM. We talked a lot about companies needing to manage the process around how they manage products. And we think we found and developed the appropriate technology for our customers there. So we now feel like we have a complete offering for manufacturers, all the way from small to the largest in the world. And like I said, I've seen quite a bit of stumbling from our competitors, which -- what we don't root for. It's not the worst thing that happened to us.
Carl Bass: And just to generalize it, I would say, we're being quite vigilant about expenses, G&A particularly. But all the expenses, we're being quite vigilant.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I'm quite excited about the cloud in general, where a huge amount of our development is directed that way. We think it's a really important component. Just to give you the 2 flavors of it, just to remind everybody. One part is high performance computing, things like doing simulation, visualization. Those high performance computing activities are really well-suited to kind of the scalability of the cloud. The other place that lead us into the PLM part of the discussion. Broadly speaking, the cloud is really good for collaborating. It's helping people manage their projects, their products and the people they work with. The PLM offering is an example of that. We publicly started to talk about it at AU. There have been really 2 groups of customers that we've been working with. One are new customers, who have heard about PLM, of course, but never used it. They always thought it was too expensive, too far out of their reach but certainly have a need to manage the processes around manufacturing. And we're having good success with them. I think the thing that was most surprising to us is the uptake amongst really large customers. Now every one of these very large manufacturers certainly has at least one PLM system of record. Some of them have 2 or 3. Many have had multiple implementations. And what we're finding out is a large degree of dissatisfaction with those installations. In other places -- in some places, they were looking for wholesale replacement. In other places, especially users, they want to Chernobyl their PLM installation. They want to entomb it in concrete and surround it with more modern flexible tools. And they were looking to reach parts of the organization that either because of difficulty or expense, they couldn't build there PLM systems to reach. So we're having a surprising amount of success in the larger customers, which is -- I would have thought we had more to prove there early on, and it would have taken a little bit longer to develop. But in some ways, our best customers are those that know PLM, understand PLM and know where they find it wanting.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, I think you outlined it well, Mark. We don't have -- we don't do a lot of detailed guiding around specific parts of it. And as I've said before, I think things over a quarter can vary quite a bit. I think this quarter is a good example of where we saw certain metrics move. They had bigger bearings than we would have imagined. But generally speaking, I feel confidence about the greater than 10% growth. We're watching all the moving pieces. As we go through the year, we'll give you kind of more insight on exactly what we're seeing. Generally speaking, what we're seeing is, geographically, real strength in in the Americas. There's a couple of question marks out there in the global economy. We touched on a couple of the industries where I think our market position is great. I'm thrilled with the deferred revenue. I think that's working. Programmatically, I'm looking and going, love to see the new product revenue this quarter. Happy about what we're doing with the cloud. Happy with suites, simulation. And really, the place where I have my eye a lot is on this new PLM offering.
Carl Bass: So let me talk to generally. Mark is doing some research over there on the exact numbers. I mean, generally speaking, this year, we were a little bit more active in M&A activity. It was mostly small deals. The number you said doesn't quite fit for the fourth quarter and the third quarter there. There was a fair amount of M&A activity. We're continuing to look for both small acquisitions that round out our offerings. And they'll tend to be in places like cloud-based stuff, some of the simulation, some of the PLM stuff is where we'll be looking for more things. And we're continuing to look for those medium-sized companies that will contribute to the top line. As it sits right now, the acquisitions that we've done today, they're fully contemplated in the guidance we gave you. And I think if there's anything different, we'll let you know.
Carl Bass: I mean, I think if you look, it's been true for years, in the portions of the Manufacturing market in which we participate, we've been growing at 2x, 3x, 4x the rate of our competitors. A bunch who asked me last time about one competitor in particular, when I insinuated that they were obfuscating financial results by way of not disclosing what was going on with acquisitions, I think time is proving me to be right. They just talked about growth for next year, total for the company in the 6% to 8% range. So anything that was in the middle teens was really a result of that acquisition, and that's why I go back to you really have to look at the numbers and just parse them slightly to take out the effects of either currency or those kind of acquisitions. If you -- so the portions of the market in which we participate in generally have been CAD. That's been the design and engineering software. And we've had growth rates in the teens to 20% range when our competitors have been growing at a maximum of 1/2 that rate. That, to me, is market share gain. I think when you go and you look at the other places where we're entering, we're doing really well in simulation even though it's on a tiny number. And I think compared to some of the big companies there, we're a tiny fraction of what's going on. So while we're growing really quickly, it's still relatively small. PLM is a nascent business. We're just entering it. I'm incredibly optimistic about what we've heard from customers so far. But I think in many ways, we'll be able to show really large growth rates. And so I'm very confident about our position there. The other thing is, I think for the first time we have a complete offering that covers really all the bases in terms of what a manufacturer would need. And in most respects, it's a much broader portfolio we get to offer the manufacturing companies than any of our competitors.
Carl Bass: Yes, not much change in ASPs this quarter. The usual variation, nothing exceptional to call out, no big trends that we're forecasting for next year.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. In our general introduction of new products, our approach to go-to-market when we're bringing new products to market tends to be a little bit more heavily weighted towards direct. And the reason for that is we want to make the feedback loop between what our customers are saying and what we're developing and how we're tuning our approach to marketing be as short as possible. This is no exception. We're doing the same thing. You'll see a disproportionate amount of the early business that we do will go through our direct channel. But I would say, our PLM business is being fully contemplated as a channel business. In the limit, I don't think you'll see any difference in our PLM business in terms of the mix between direct and channel over time. But we really do like to go out there with customers early on, understand what their pain points are, try to understand where people are being most receptive to the extent that there are things that -- objections or needs that they see unmet in the product. We want to understand that as quickly as possible. The other thing that we often talk about is that it's difficult for some of our channel partners to make big investments in new products. And so what we try to do is in some ways kind of soften the ground, try to understand as much as possible and direct them to what we think are really the best candidates. So rather than having 1,000 independent experiments, we rather take the brunt of that on ourselves, coordinate the activity. So in the first 3 to 6 months, you'll see a little bit more preponderance of direct deals. I would suspect by the end of the year and certainly moving into the next year, this is a business that looks identical to our other businesses.
Carl Bass: Yes. So the first question there, Jay, was around the suites. Yes, I mean, we generally don't break it out. But for you, Jay, I'd tell you there's not much difference. It's pretty consistent. There's always a little bit of a bias towards developed countries over emerging economies. There's usually a little bit bigger pickup in the Americas rather than Asia Pacific. But within those kind of norms, not much difference. And almost every programmatic change we've made over the years shows that exact same dynamic of adoption. So when you look back on subscription, direct sales, almost everything we've done kind of follows that same pattern, and it's very consistent with that. Around the PLM pilots, I mean, one of the things that's interesting about it, and here's where we get a little bit too much in the weeds of terminology, our Vault product, what it really does is data and document management. It's been hugely successful. There's millions of people who are using it. It's a wildly successful, easy-to-deploy solution, and all of them are deployed behind the firewall. What we chose for PLM for us was really managing customers processes. And what we said we were going to do is do that in the cloud. Now what's interesting is when you go and you look at most of the current PLM vendors out there, a big proportion of the sales that fall under the rubric of PLM are really data management. That people have been more successful with data document management than they've ever been about managing the process. So while they've been sold on the managing process, it hasn't worked. And that's really kind of tilled the ground for us because people understand that they want to manage these work processes. Our product works with document management, whether it's in our Vault or whether it's in any of the other document management or so-called PLM systems. We're really agnostic about where people choose to store the documents. What we're giving them is tools to manage the workflow and the processes around it. It works well with Vault. We've certainly seen adoption amongst Vault customers. But there's no particular tie there as many of the big accounts that I've talked about, as well as the small accounts, have been non-Autodesk data management customers. Hopefully, that helps.
Mark J. Hawkins: Well, we're certainly pleased with the 18% for sure and I -- we don't guide to billings per se, but we're definitely happy with that. We like the product offering. And probably, I'll just kind of leave it at that, but we were certainly pleased to see that transpire, Brendan.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, just -- I mean, just jump in there and say that, that's correct. We -- again, we talked about the channel being down approximately to a week. It's very close. It's very close to that. But right now, we have like emerging markets and LTs that are not -- they're still going to have some channel inventory there. But eventually, as Carl said, we're going right to that, but that's not factored into the guidance for this particular year, that last week. We'll just to continue improve. And over time, you'll see that happen.
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. Let me jump in on this. In terms of the emerging market, one of the things -- to give you a little bit more color, we were pleased with the growth overall. One of the stars -- we don't quote on all the different countries, but Russia, for example, was very strong, both in the quarter and for the year. That would be one example. But we had good broad-based growth in the emerging markets. We believe, although it's choppy by quarter, any particular quarter, it can get to a little bit lumpy from that standpoint. But over time, we always see that as a leader and will lead growth faster than the average growth in the company there, so that's certainly what we would expect in FY '13 and beyond.
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. Let me just speak to it. The first quarter, in a way, you're absolutely right in terms of the rolling hedge. In the first quarter, things are pretty well locked in the way rolling hedge works. As you get closer and closer to the current quarter, you step up the amount of your hedge and it becomes quite firm in the planning. So we pretty well have that locked in. We don't expect to see anything really different there based on the hedges that we have in place. And then as you get further out in the year, we're less hedged. And so for example, by Q4, we have a small fraction of the year hedged, and then we'll just layer it up to nearly complete hedge when you get to the end quarter. So FX has been fully comprehended in our guidance for Q1 for sure. And we've factored in the hedging that we do have, the more limited hedging for the rest of the year into our guidance, plus normal assumptions. Hopefully, that helps.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, so a couple of things. One is that we do have certain pattern in terms of spend and in revenue, seasonality wise, in a normal environment. And we're certainly then approaching a more normal environment that we have been historically. During the great financial crisis, it really was not normal, but we're getting into a more normal period. And for example, I think you're familiar that, for example, in Q4, we incur a lot of launch costs. We're getting ready to prepare for the future product release, and we also have annual employee incentives and things of that nature. That's an example in Q4. In Q1, we classically have the actual launch costs additionally and some of the various dynamics that we normally see in Q1. And so I do think we're approaching more normal seasonality. The best advice I have for you is think about our annual guidance. And each quarter, we're going to give a better line of sight to how that breaks out and try to keep dialing that in for you. I think that we've given you a solid guidance for Q1 that reflects some of the seasonality of spend typically there. And in Q2, we'll give you a little bit better refresh. But in the meantime, I think we are approaching normal seasonality.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. And Dan, do you want to frame the DSO question that you had? I just want to make sure to address that.  He may not be able to come back, operator, but I'll -- let me just address DSO, generally. DSO is up about 6 days year-on-year, and that is really driven exclusively by the fact that we had record billings in Q4. And in particular, the billing linearity was later in the quarter. And so what you will see is the benefit of some of those later quarter billings actually showing up in terms of cash flow in Q1, and you'll see a DSO improvement as well. So it's really -- it's almost exclusively driven by that. So hopefully, Dan, that addresses your question.
Mark J. Hawkins: There is, Dennis, something to call out there. About 1/2 of that nominal growth is basically the FX gains and losses for the OpEx hedge that are showing up in G&A and for the total OpEx. So that's -- nominally, it kind of distorts the total number in a small degree. I think the thing to look at even with that being the case, if you look at G&A as a percent of revenue, it's scaled and improved year-on-year as a percent of revenue for the quarter and for the year substantially. It went from like 8.3% last year to, I think, 7.8% to 7.9% this year. So we expect more and more efficiency there, and we're seeing that. But there is a good catch on your point. It is a definite anomaly with the FX hedge gain and loss.
Mark J. Hawkins: I think -- here's what I would say, Keith. First of all, I think you got my sense of how to take billings into subscription revenue gave kind of the key levers. And obviously, we're always thinking about attachment renewal for the new business as we go through the year as well. But I think people hopefully got a good sense of that model. I think, if we kind of level up and step back, I think the growth rate of, we said, at least 10% we think is really solid, and we're confident in that number. We think it's after -- again, just coming off a strong year, we take a look. We work with our sales teams. We look -- we work with our channel partners. We look at our funnel -- our deal funnel. And we come up, we look at our subscription revenue and all the different factors. And we come up with what we think is a solid guidance. And I think at least 10% falls in that category, and so I think the -- that's what I would do is kind of level it up from that standpoint. And hopefully, that gets a little bit to the spirit of your comments. Carl, I don't know if you have any additional thoughts, but those are mine.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, one, I already talked about, the continuing vigilance around expenses. We're continuing to look at it there. And as we've shown and demonstrated every year, except that one year that I don't like to talk about, that as we increase the volumes, that some of it just naturally falls out of the model. As we can drive volume in any of these product lines, with it more money falls to the bottom line. And so as we do -- we make investments up-front. We made investments in simulation. We've made investments in suites up-front, and then we try to capitalize those over time. And I think as we're able to get those to greater volumes, the benefits accrue to the bottom line. So it's really a question of just scaling.
Mark J. Hawkins: And just a couple of things to just make sure to call out here from that standpoint. One is, I want to make sure that we're comparing one with net of cash, one of gross cash would be one item to look at. The second item is that when we talk about M&A, there's M&A, and then there's also just pure intellectual property that we're buying and minority investments that we're making. So we can take this off-line and give you even more breakdown on that. But I just want to be really precise on that, but it all ties out from at that standpoint. Okay? Steve, we'll have Dave tie out with you right after.
