Carl Bass: Steve, the way I'd think about it is mostly in terms of the customer-facing choices, what the offerings are and how they're delivered. As a more marginal part of that, certainly, each one of those involves a difference in margin structure. For the most part, it hasn't been particularly material, and I don't see that as being either the driving force behind it or a big byproduct. The more important things that I think you really should look at is the offerings for customers and how we change them, as well as, as we talked about, the accounting impacts in terms of ratable revenue.
Carl Bass: I put it in line with the others. It's, again, marginally higher but not enough to matter. When you look at the buying patterns around the world, it kind of washes out. And so I would think it is 2%.
Carl Bass: Yes. Thank you, Jay. By the way, I just have to say one thing. I'm so glad I have a name that's easier to pronounce than yours. That's a little bit of getting mangled every time. So here's what -- and it must have been much harder to fill out in those standardized tests. Here's what I -- here's what we've been thinking about this, is we -- as you know, we've talked about this for a while, and we started looking at some of the rental opportunities. We see those as being important to actually capture parts of the market that currently aren't paying us for the use of this software, people in peak demand situations, freelance work. So we got really interested in that. Then we started looking at our enterprise customers, and we've talked about some of the things with more flexible licensing for our enterprise customers, in which there are, in essence, true-ups at the end of the year based on usage as opposed to negotiations upfront. And we saw an opportunity, and we described at least 1 or 2 of these in detail, how we both increased the amount of money the customers pay and increased their satisfaction with the use of those products, a real win-win. And then we looked at the middle part of our market, the place where we sell suites and subscriptions, the mainstream part of our business through the majority of our channel partners. And we saw opportunities to deliver things more easily, more flexibly. And all those contributed to say we saw a way to move the business more quickly. One of the things that happened to us along the way is recognizing the difficulty of both running, but forecasting and communicating a mixed model business. And we really began to appreciate that many of the dynamics about this financial model were going to be at odds with each other. And so for everything that we're well on one who's going to take away from the other, and it was going to be difficult internally to win that way just provide the right incentives and stuff, as well as communicate it externally so people understood what was going on with the business. The other thing that happened is we've been running these probes or science experiments, and the results of what we've done have been very positive. The next thing -- the next part, I would say, because you brought up Adobe, we're in, with respect to the complexity of the product portfolio, the other thing that we saw is Adobe introduced a business model transition without much of a technology transition, but really just changed the way that people pay for it and do it rather successfully. And it became more clear to us that the customers were willing to accept, and some even wanted this new opportunity. Because we're starting in a different place than Adobe, we don't feel the need to force people to agree to go to these new license models in perpetual licenses. And so we saw just a really good opportunity to a way that was economically beneficial for us and a benefit for the customers. As regards to the portfolio complexity, I mean, while we have 20 or so suites, if you look, it's really 7 categories by 3 offerings in each of these. The price points are very similar and have been -- because it's a relatively recent offering, they've been rationalized and harmonized over time. And we -- I think we were going to be able to introduce pricing that makes a lot of sense and we can deal with it consistently across those products. When we get to the first week in October, we get together, we'll detail a lot more of this for you. But we, obviously in order to go out with this kind of message, we've been thinking a lot about it and have done extensive planning. And we think it makes sense.
Carl Bass: Yes. I see our channel partners, both the value-added resellers and the volume resellers can play -- continuing to play an important role. It's gotten interesting since I referenced it in my remarks about the business model change we went through about 10 years ago. Just to remind everyone, not only were people skeptical, many people read that to be something of the death of the channel or us stealing business from the channel. I mean, there were lots of conspiracy theories running around at the time. I continue to see partners playing an important role as we go forward. We're not anticipating a big change in the mix between channels. And I think partners will continue to play the same role they did -- they have. Our business, while in many ways, similar to Adobe, I think when it comes to channel mix, has always been somewhat different, particularly if you look a little bit under the covers.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I'll reiterate, we will give you more details in October. But if you look out a handful of years, I can easily imagine the vast majority of our revenue coming from ratable revenue streams just to try to draw an envelope around all of them, the vast majority, it's easy to imagine, and we'll detail how that will happen. As for our product lines or some of the other ways that we might do it by geo, I think it's unlikely; the cost and complexity in doing this one by one is really probably too difficult for us. And like I said, both internally to manage and externally to communicate. I think not only it'll be very confusing, certainly for the financial community, but also for our customers. Many of our customers, particularly the largest ones, buy products across our product lines. And so I think we need to be more consistent for that for all kinds of reasons. The changes we're contemplating and the plans we have in place enable us to do this across the product line.
Carl Bass: Yes, no, good question. I tried to refer to that in my remarks. I said we are certainly seeing the same macroeconomic data that is definitely pointing to an improvement in many parts of the world, particularly in the building industry worldwide. We started -- we hinted at that last quarter, we saw more of it this quarter and we're actually really pleased with what we're seeing. We've also seen and we're taking a little caution from those some of the peer companies, particularly the technology industry, as well as some of our customers who have been a little bit more modest in their forecasts going forward. When there's an appearance of at least portions, if not a large part of the technology industry, being laggards coming in this recovery. So we're being a little bit cautious right now. We also understand there is the education thing we talked about. Currency has been a little bit of a headwind. And we're also anticipating that we might have a slight -- a relatively modest, but still I won't quantify it at this point, kind of slowdown as a result of announcing business model changes. People may pause a little bit. So what we're doing overall, we're just being a little bit more cautious about what's out there. But like I said, there are lots of signs [ph] that we saw were [ph] improving. Still, we saw lots of stuff we like in the construction industry, individual markets like our PLM markets, simulation markets, I feel good about. Question mark that remains for us is more the emerging economies and our run rate business.
Carl Bass: Yes, yes, we saw lots of improvement this quarter. I was very pleased with our major account. Q2 isn't a big major account thing, but compared to historicals, compared to the previous quarter, I actually felt very good about it. The 2 things that we saw and despite what others some on the phone have written about, what we saw this quarter was we saw generally good major account activity, good business through our value-added resellers and the softness was in isolated portions of the world and through some of the volume channels.
Carl Bass: Yes, I would just reinforce Mark's point that from the point of view of profitability and a simplistic notion of revenue and costs, we're totally committed to increasing the profitability. As you look at some of the model changes, there really are accounting differences that will impact how we measure that. That's why we want to just try to provide the full context. As you imagine, if, for example, a particular revenue stream today is recognized upfront and moves to more ratable, it's going to affect the numbers but we will -- we believe and what we're asserting is it's better for the business. So you just have to get the complete context to get the numbers right. But our commitment to improving profitability has not changed.
Carl Bass: I think it's -- I think the testing is an interesting idea, but if you look at the Adobe case specifically, they tested Australia, and I think that's good for making sure the mechanics of your business function well. As you can tell, they obviously engage end user demand as well as they would've liked to because they had to put in a pretty radical policy change in wanting to drive more adoption. So I think these kind of limited geographical tests at limited value, most of the things we've talked about, we've tried in one way or another. Certainly, what we're talking about in the enterprise space, we have been piloting it. And when you look at some of the things that we're talking about in the more run rate parts of our business, we -- like the rentals, we're also gaining the experience. So I feel pretty confident about what we're going to do there.
Carl Bass: Sure. What I would really answer, and Mark can provide some color, I mean like you pointed out, the education is still going to be a drag. I'm still worrying about FX. It looks like it's changing right now, but then we just have to see how that plays out. When I look at our markets, I feel very good about the AEC market. That just continues to get stronger and that's really fairly broad-based, the only exceptions there are a couple of weak geographies, Southern Europe and some of the emerging economies. But generally about our main businesses, I feel pretty good. I'd like to see an improvement in our run rate businesses in order to feel fully enthusiastic. At this point, I think we have a question mark rather than a big deficit being created by the uncertainty of the business model change. The way we're rolling this out is rather than being a forced migration, this will be a choice for our customers. And we'll give you more details in October about that.
Carl Bass: Yes, the one other thing we saw that was a positive sign this time and I try to call out in the remarks is that the AutoCAD Design Suites, which we had said from the very beginning was the only part of the suite strategy that had been below our expectations, actually did relatively well. As I'm always willing to point out, one quarter doesn't make a trend. But where will we see -- we've seen some steady improvement in -- and I think it's sustainable, and I really like to see that because that really completes the picture around our suites.
Carl Bass: Yes. So one of the things I would just say in general, let me just frame this question just in terms of pricing in elasticity. The place where we see the greatest elasticity is in our products that are AutoCAD LT or verticals that are built on AutoCAD. The least is with the other suites. So I don't imagine anything different. You may see one-off promotions or regional promotions, but our ASPs on suites have been holding pretty steady. I imagine that continuing through the end of the year. The place where we always get the biggest response to this kind of stimulus is in things related to AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, including those AutoCAD Design Suites. So I think you'll see us continue to turn the knobs and dials there. But I think the rest with pricing for the rest of the portfolio will remain notably stable.
Carl Bass: Yes, think that's a great question. What I'd say right now is give us a quarter or 2 and we'll have better answers about what's going on. I think like I said, for a while, it had been different. Last year, we talked about some things that internally created problems. Up until last quarter, we really haven't seen the improving macro turn into more business in our largest segment, which is AEC. Manufacturing was kind of a hold and serve. For the first time, we're really starting to see that. Many of the metrics we track internally in our AEC industry for the first time started to hit double digits again. Let's wait 90 more days and we'll have the conversation about it.
Carl Bass: I mean, I would think of this as the baseline, to give you the simplest answer, to add a little bit more nuance to it. We've demonstrated repeatedly that we were forced to take expense out. We certainly have the capability of doing that. Philosophically, we're on that right now. As we're interested in driving the technology change to the cloud and mobile devices and the business model changed. And I'd like to do that within a relatively tight envelope, so I'm not willing to do that at all costs. We've tried to be pretty cautious all through the year. It feels like we've had one foot or half a foot on the break the whole time, but I feel like we're accomplishing the things that we need to accomplish. And I'd hate to break that dynamic. I'd like to continue to move forward. I think the changes we're making and the products we're bringing to market put us in a leading position, and we want to make sure that we can capitalize on that. On the other hand, we don't want expenses to get out of whack.
Carl Bass: Yes. What I see right now is I think there are 2 areas in that realm, Richard, that make sense to see growth in because of the different approach we're taking both from the business model as well as the technology. One is simulation, one is PLM. Talked to you a lot about PLM. Just to give you a little bit of color, getting just a great response to PLM. There are days I wish we were only a PLM company because like in today's environment, we'd be worth billions of dollars for just our efforts in PLM. Our PLM business is doing well, it's being really well received. Most of our challenge in that part of the business is getting enough salespeople, enough consultants in place, having enough people to support our partners with the PLM business because it really is meeting the need of PLM customers and it offers all the attractiveness of what you see in many of the other cloud-based companies, Salesforce and NetSuite or Workday. So we really feel good about that. Simulation, we're having -- we have more of a mixed business there, both a desktop business as well as a cloud-based business. Really happy with the response to the cloud-based business. Desktop business is marching along. We obviously are really bullish about it. You saw the investment that we made in Composite Analysis. We think this is important in terms of material science and where our customers are going for designing their next generation of products. Across the board, I'd say the most successful product we have in simulation right now are our CFD products. I think our FEA is comparable. But there was -- the market for FEA, as you well know, is not the fastest growing part of the market. But our computational fluid dynamics are doing well, and I'm really pleased with people's willingness to adopt a new way of working. One of the things about the cloud is it just makes so much sense for simulation. And the response is good, and I just looked -- just before the call started, I was just looking and even this quarter and there were a bunch of product lines where I was seeing double-digit growth in simulation. So really, really pleased with what we're seeing there.
Carl Bass: And we're continuing with our rentals there. As regards to our rentals, we're just adding to it. That was one of the ones as opposed to pulling the switch all at once. We've been entering the market on a rolling basis and we're going to continue to do that. We think all of our products should be offered on rental basis, and so I can't say without exception. But in my mind, I don't see any products that won't be offered that way going forward.
Carl Bass: I mean, we saw pretty consistently, none of the trends around LTE were particularly good this quarter. And what we've seen in the past is that because this is a product that responds to the demand generation activities, as well as promotional activities, we just need to increase what we're doing there. So the plans are already in place and being carried out. But there's nothing in that part of the business that I really want to celebrate this quarter.
Carl Bass: So generally, the answer is no. To put a finer point on it, there has -- we've continued over the last year to 2 years, make increasing investments in delivering cloud-based products and moving expenses away from some of the more traditional activities. We've generally kept it out of your eyesight, but that continues to go on to a small degree. And we -- but there was nothing major that's going to change about that.
Carl Bass: Brent, I think you have to look at 2 different parts. We'll try to give you much more clarity when we get to October. But I think you have to -- I mean, there are really 2 issues that are going on here. One is about flexible licensing, termed offerings, the way we go to market and how we deliver customers, deliver products to customers including web services, and all of that's increasing. The other one is more on the accounting side is really the ratability of that. So I think you see 2 different things going on. And we'll be able to give you a little bit more detail when we outline the plans for what we're doing. And I think [indiscernible] -- I think it will make a lot more sense. In some ways, I think all the comparisons to Adobe are fine. Adobe's a great company, I like the comparisons. But at certain points, when we diverge, we're starting with a point where we have 40% recovering revenue. We have a different product mix. We have a different customer base. And so given where our starting point is and the number of enterprise customers, I think we really have to lay out the different buckets for you and how they move -- how the offerings progress over time, as well as how we will account for those, and therefore, what the impact is to the more traditional metrics like revenue and operating margin, as well as I think it's incumbent upon us to start defining some new metrics that will give you more insight into how our business is going.
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, the business is the business we've described and we described it quarter after quarter. I mean, just hypothetically, if we made a change in which we took a portion of revenue and because of the way we offer it to customers, we had to account for it ratably. If I -- if we would have to describe the revenue impact of that today without the context of what's going on, the tone in this conversation, I'm sure, would be completely different. Does that make sense? I'm not trying to be cryptic, but if we had to go from recognized upfront revenue to ratable revenue, it will have a significant impact on whatever quarter we introduce these policy changes. And if you didn't have a context to interpret it, it would make little sense to you.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, we're doing -- the things that we talked about to drive revenue are still in place. Most of the stuff you'll hear is incremental, it's about new kinds of offerings, it's about adding this flexibility. But all the things that we -- that were in place and that we talked about on the last call are actually -- almost all of them are in motion now. Some of the price promotions, some of the pricing changes, some of the stuff that we did within the sales organization, all of that, all in flight right now.
Carl Bass: Demand gen, many around some of the products. So yes, the 2 things are kind of independent with each other.
Carl Bass: Look. I always like it when PMI goes up. I always like it when the ABI goes up. I like even more with the GDP goes up. That's what we've seen. We've repeatedly said that good GDP numbers seem to be more correlated to our business than any individual one. But every time one [ph] of the particular industry does better, even though it's only good -- it's only going to be good for us. It's a combination when we do our forecasting. So for example, we try to give some hints last quarter, we saw an improving environment in the construction industry. We wouldn't want to stick our necks out very far about it, but it started to materialize. I'm hopeful that that's going to continue into the second half of the year and next year. I hope the same thing happens in manufacturing. Even this quarter, we did see some really good business in our Manufacturing suites. And the one thing that I also called out is really some really good work, in particular, segments where we focus like automotive. Historically, that hasn't been a strong suit for us, and we continue to do better and better in that industry. And so I'm really pleased with the progress we make in there.
Mark J. Hawkins: And I would just say, Heather, to build on Carl's point, it's when the economic data starts to translate into good news in the marketplace, when we definitely have seen this lag and I know you've seen it as well. It's been pretty consistent.
Mark J. Hawkins: I would also -- you'd asked for big deals in particular, Brendan. They are on a similar pace. We're not going to get into specifics, but it was on a similar pace to a year ago, slightly more.
Mark J. Hawkins: This -- here's the way I would think about this, Brendan, is that we were -- we are committed to operate margin expansion. I think what's important for you to see is to have the full picture when we get together for the business model discussion, and in that context, that will provide helpful context. But the long-term notion of margin expansion, we're committed to.
Mark J. Hawkins: So the ASPs, I think we had talked about, Matt, before being on track for 20% uplift in the ASP in total. We've been tracking at or above that from an ASP standpoint for suites, so that's actually materialized. We're actually thrilled with the way suites have been going. The response from the customer has been very positive. So the ASP in particular, very much on track.
Mark J. Hawkins: Keith, glad to do so. First of all, as I think everyone knows, the deferred revenue, what's interesting about it is it's a little imbalanced. So it's a little different than a lot of indicators, it's a growing balance sheet going forward. It's actually up year-on-year, 7%. But it is down as exactly as you described, it's down 5% quarter-on-quarter. Now there's really, I would say, 2 things that are going on. If you dissect the deferred revenue, there's subs related to subscription and then there's licenses. And the license and other portion of it is exactly identical in terms of the sequential pattern that we had last year. The difference that's caused a little bit of downtick quarter-on-quarter has to do with subs, and there's one single reason for it. It has to do within Q1, we increased the price per sub renewal. And what that does is it creates, and has a modest increase as part of a broader plan that we've done, what it does is it has a little bit of a compelling event that pulls things in. And so on a sequential basis, you see a little bit of movement there. But it's really -- I think on a normalized basis, it's proceeding exactly as we would expect. It just so happens that Q1 price increase, full renewals in particular, created a little bit of that sequential dynamic. But exactly as we would have expected.
Mark J. Hawkins: So there's a couple that are out there. You have the -- for example, the Inventor LT Suite and rental, you'd have the Revit LT Suite on rental. Those would be a couple examples.
Mark J. Hawkins: A couple of things here. One is that right now, we have been investing in building out a combination of some data centers, which is as one would expect, and that's in place. You can see that our CapEx has not hugely stepped up. It's still kind of in the envelope of around 3% of revenue. The other thing that I would say is that we also have first capacity that we use third parties that can help us with that, and that is also evident in some of the -- when people use that and we need that first capacity. So some of that is happening. There are other infrastructure and what I would say back office things that are underway and that are either -- have been constructed or to be constructed. So Sterling, it's kind of -- some of it's done and some of it's to go.
Mark J. Hawkins: So I think we talked about for the quarter the dynamics that are going on there. And so when we come down to the maintenance billings, we basically had a decline of about 20% and that would have been on a -- if you look at it from a year-on-year basis. And if you normalize again for the multiyear, keep in mind, Q2 of '13, you can go back and look at it, we drove the price change for the multiyear subscription. And for everybody that doesn't recall, it went -- there was a 3-year price, a 2-year price. We took the discounts for 3-year and 2-year and cut them in half. That created quite a compelling event. And if you normalize that, basically on a maintenance basis, we're basically -- we're in a good mode from that standpoint. That's just one of the attributes that I talked about from a normalization standpoint. So that would be on the maintenance billings.
Mark J. Hawkins: In fact, it is. And the thing that I didn't even try to normalize for is don't forget, we talked about in Q4, we changed the price of upgrades. And that had an effect of pulling revenue in. We talked about that, of the $24 million that we strongly advertised and dialogued about. And that also has an impact on sub billings on a year-on-year basis. So actually, not even normalizing for that last point, I think we're just fine if you normalize for what's going on there on a maintenance basis.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, the linearity was actually just fine. In fact, it was slightly -- our total -- let me just speak to it, Steven, in a broader way. Our billing and revenue linearity was just fine and slightly more linear than it was a year ago, let's put it that way, for both billings and revenue in total.
