Andrew Anagnost: Yes, that’s an excellent question, Saket. So let me kind of give you a sense for where we are right now. Right now, a lot of the projects out there in the construction ecosystem are very document centric and that’s where PlanGrid plays a very very strong role. But there’s a growing percentage of projects that are very BIM centric. And these projects start with a – with BIM data and move BIM data for the entire process. But you’ll see us over time be able to do is capture the BIM centric projects, the documents the centric projects and bring the two together. PlanGrid really understands there’s a document centric and sheet-centric workflow and they really have the hearts and minds of the end user in that space. We really understand the BIM data. And if those two things come together over time, and over a five year period or more, where more and more projects are BIM based, it is obviously going to allow us to cover almost 100% of the project ecosystem.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so PlanGrid like us right now is predominantly a named user model. Now as you probably know we have experience in all the model types here. We have named user model, we have a pay-per-use consumptive model, and we have project based model. And what we found over time is that the models that are tending to be the predominant play are going to be named user and consumptive or pay per use. The project based models, they help in the short term, they allow you to kind of land an account and they provide short term growth, but long term, the customers basically just push back on this whole percent of turnover model. It’s not an attractive model to the customers. So we absolutely see the pendulum swinging towards named user and pay-for-use and that PlanGrid is well aligned with that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Phil I think you are absolutely touching on something that’s important here. If you look at the way this evolved in the manufacturing space, what happened was, there was a rise of what were called product lifecycle management systems. And they basically handled the entire data flow from the design phase all the way through the delivery of the products in the manufacturing floor, but ERP systems continued to fill the void in terms of the whole financial planning and budgeting aspects and some of the financial aspects. That’s the way we see this unfolding in the future. We’re not going to go into the ERP space of construction. We’re going to stay on the whole lifecycle from design all the way through to site execution and we think that’s well aligned with our vision of how construction is going to industrialize over the next 10 years. So don’t look, don’t see us getting into construction financials and budget management and those kind of things in the future.
Andrew Anagnost: Absolutely. I see it playing out exactly the same way. And there is really – there’s really no reason right now to not see it playing out the exact same way.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So let me let me start. There’s actually three questions Jay. So I’ll answer all of them, okay. All right so first off, let’s talk about the product integration strategy. So let’s kind of just pause and talk about what is each product family good at? All right PlanGrid has built an excellent SaaS Mobile native platform for documents centric workflows and sheet-centric workflows and project management layers. They capture issues, change orders and things in these document centric workflows. They have done an absolutely exceptional job and you can tell by how far they’ve reached down into the construction ecosystem and the products beloved [ph] by the end users. So they’ve really nailed this -- this notion of document centric flow. You can see on the BIM 360 side, we have always been very BIM centric. We’ve focused on how do you get BIM data deeper into the construction process. How do you explode it, so that it can be useful to more teams. So I think what you’re going to see us doing with this portfolio integration especially over the next year and a half or so, is we’re going to pull their document, their documents centric view up into BIM 360 and they’re going to pull our model centric view down into their application. So basically you’re going to see as close the loop between the document flows that go on and PlanGrid and the BIM data flows that go on in BIM 360. And you’ll see each team kind of double down on what its best at. So you’ll see the BIM 360 team start to continue to move further upstream and its efforts on preconstruction and the PlanGrid team continue to execute more deeply on the document base closing and gaining insights from those flows. Now in terms of the manufacturing integration, I think one of the things you’re probably aware of, is as manufacturing industrializes more and more, what we classically call building product manufacturers are going to show up more and more in the construction world. They’re going to be delivering products into the construction space. They’re probably going to be one of the larger pre fabricators out there in terms of what we think. These are companies right now that, that build things like adopting systems, air conditioning systems, curtain walls, prefabricated building, modular buildings, they are going to get more and more important. And as such, they will be a trade quote in the workflow and they’ll likely be consuming some of these applications too as the owners propagate their construction flows into these applications. So you’ll absolutely see an overlap between what we classically call our product data management applications and these construction lifecycle applications. Now your last point on a construction collection, I wouldn’t look for anything like that soon. The collections are primarily been targeted at the desktop products and integrating cloud based capabilities with a desktop product. We think we have the appropriate layer of overlap there. Right now, we’re just going to keep rolling these products out separately and satisfy the needs of individual products projects in the construction ecosystem one at a time.
Andrew Anagnost: And Heather, one of the things that’s very different about the collections from the suite day is the integration with multi-platform in the cloud is a pretty significant delta from what we had in the suite day. So for instance, the AutoCADs you get in the box with a collection have a mobile version, they have a web version and also they’re all integrated with a common data platform in the cloud so people can share their data. So it’s a very different offering than what we had during the suite days.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So now, if we look out at the FY 2023 targets, Gal, remember one of the things we said very explicitly when we talked about this target was that the cloud and specifically construction was one of the things that was required to hit those targets. So what you’re seeing us do right now is executing on the strategy that allows us to hit those numbers we put out there for FY 2023. So organic and inorganic tactics are actually how we’re getting those numbers we’ve put out there and that’s how we’re going to -- that’s how we are going to succeed in construction.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So here’s what’s really exciting about this. We do have quite a bit of customer overlap, not a lot. They go deeper down into the system than we do. But what we don’t have is project overlap, right. And what happens in the construction space is technology is sold on a project-by-project basis. So for instance, in accounts where we do overlap BIM 360 is on a completely different project and PlanGrid is used on another project. So what you see is, PlanGrid is built to go-to-market machine, it’s very good at selling on a project-by-project basis. We’ve got a lot of success with BIM 360 selling to the IT departments in the large GC and the mid-sized GCs. So, there is a really great complement between their project-centric go-to-market approach and our IT or top of the market go-to-market approach. So you can see it’s actually coming at some of our companies in different ways. The other growth synergy we’re obviously going to see is taking the PlanGrid technology international, into EMEA and into APAC. So, yes, there is an overlap but the overlap is by account, not by projects. We do not share any projects.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I just came off of Autodesk University, and I spend a lot of time with construction and manufacturing customers and yes sure some of them are seeing increases in the material costs, but they are all seeing increases in material costs. So really it’s not affecting their ability to execute on projects relative to their competition. So they’re still investing in technology from our side because they are all seeing the same kind of small impact in their material costs, but it’s not translating into any kind of impact on our business because the people have to get their job done.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, you’e right, it is a very competitive space, Sterling. There is lots of competition in this space. What we look at – there’s a couple of important things. One, PlanGrid built an excellent SaaS native application, that’s where our focus is on the BIM 360 portfolio. Everything started SaaS native, they’ve got an excellent set of technologies that are well tuned in mobile workflows, so they started with a stack that’s highly scalable, highly SaaS-focused, highly mobile-centric and that’s super important moving forward because that’s the paradigm that you have to go with. You don’t want to have to retool some underlying architecture to be more SaaS or mobile friendly. So that was number one, right? Number two is, they are covering a set of project requirements that we don’t necessarily cover as well with BIM 360. So they have that really robust document-centric flow, we have that really robust BIM-centric flow. Another thing that’s super important, they’re right down the street. All right, they’re right here in San Francisco, it allows us to tap more robustly into the San Francisco talent pool, it’s highly synergistic with our location strategy, so we’re able to build up a stronger construction presence here in San Francisco.  And then finally there is big synergy with their business models. The business models are nicely aligned. As we discussed earlier when Saket asked, there is pluses and minuses to the various business models out there and we felt very strongly that the named user in pay-per-use models are the winning models and project-based models hit a brick wall. So it was really important for us to look at all these things out there in terms of execution. That what lead us in this direction. They really got the right application in the right space at the right time. That’s what let us in this direction. They’ve really got the right application in the right space the right time.
Andrew Anagnost: Now as you know, we have published long-term price expectations for our M2S customers. So anyone who have taken the M2S offering has a 10-year visibility to how the cost of their subscription is going to trend over time, which is something we felt was really important to do for some of our best customers..
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Brad, thanks for that question. The EBA business continues to grow strongly. So if you remember the stat we gave, and we have updated this at our midyear point that I would expect to see this updated on our Investor Day last year and we’re about 45% penetrated through our base of EBA-eligible customers. So obviously we made little more progress on that. I expect to update that penetration rate when we come to the next investor day next March. What I’d say is we’ve seen great benefit, as do our customers see great benefit as they convert over to EBAs, usage goes up significantly at that renewal point because of the increased usage of that first renewal point we see anywhere from 40% to 45% higher renewal at the first renewal point because the usage goes up so much during that period. So the EBA business continues to grow strongly. I think the statistic we gave earlier was that the enterprise business grew about 50%, during the quarter we just closed and it continues to be a focus area for us.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Brad, one of the frequent questions I get when I am now talking to the investment communities, they ask us also, how are you going to get to those construction numbers in the fiscal 2023 target. Well, now you know, it’s going to be a combination of organic and inorganic actions like what you just saw.
Andrew Anagnost: BIM mandate, Okay. Thank you. Yes. Because I got – I started taking those. All right. Let me talk about the BIM mandate. So we’re absolutely seeing more momentum around governments and owners mandating BIM as part of their building process and as part of their specification process. We expect this to continue as time goes on. You remember what happened with the UK mandates and how that drove some pretty intense adoption of Revit in the UK markets and surrounding markets. You’re going to see more and more of those. It’s just part of what’s going to happen. We are very interested in seeing BIM based permitting processes, getting the government entities as well. That’s going to be something that we’d like to be part of helping people understand and do. Now, when it comes to the manufacturing opportunity, what you said there about it being somewhat further out, I think what you’re seeing right now, especially with our execution is on the construction side, you’ve got this perfect storm of technologies ready, the mobile platform as it is today and the cloud is absolutely 100% suited to what the construction industry needs. The customers are ready. They know they have to digitize and the products are ready. That’s why you see this intense doubling down on the construction opportunity in the near term right now. You look at manufacturing, tools like generatives and some of these other tools, IoT by the way we just see IoT as an input to generative, that’s how you collect data and you use it to put information in. It’s something we pioneered with the Hack Rod initiative a couple of years back. These initiatives are all very much in the exploratory stages of manufacturers, large and small. And what they’re doing is they are sitting there going well. I know that these technologies, the cloud, high-performance computing in the cloud, connected workflows generative, all of these things are going to have a big impact on my business. I just don’t know how I am going to deploy them yet. So you’ll see those start to get much more traction over an 18 to 24-month horizon whereas construction is kind of a now opportunity.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. Richard, I can’t give you a percentage, but here’s the philosophical answer I’ll give you. In the short term what you’re going to see is piracy or what we call non-genuine users, piracy, non-genuine users and legacy users are going to be a more important driver, but in the long-term as you head out three to five years you’re absolutely going to see us chipping away competitors in this space, especially in the manufacturing space. The growth in Fusion is prefacing what’s going on in terms of our ability to execute in that space. There’s an absolute change in the manufacturing market and that change favors the cognitive, and we’ve invested, we’ve been patient. We work hard on that and its going to pay off in terms of share shift long term. So the way I have you think about this is, the one to three-year horizon you’re going to see a lot of these non-genuine users and legacy users coming in. When you look out two to three, to five-year horizon you’re going to see some share shift coming into the mix.
Andrew Anagnost: There’s two factors. One, and you might recall a year ago -- the infamous year ago, we had stopped doing promotions that were pushing kind of low-end BIM 360 products into our channel. We now have clean year-over-year compares from those days. So what you see is the year-over-year compares are more representative of where we’re going with the business. The other piece that I think is really important to pay attention to is that you know that six or nine months ago we rolled out the new platform for BIM 360 that was integrating our field and planned functionality on a single platform. That platform is now starting to get adoption in some of our largest customers and what you’re seeing is the pull through in the BIM 360 business as a result.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, I think it’s a little bit of both. And it’s a little bit different story between APAC and EMEA. I think in EMEA we are seeing better penetration. We’re seeing better uptake, both of the new model types and of cloud across EMEA. I think in APAC what you see is more than the fast growth rate we’re seeing there is more common on the year earlier quarter where as you recall, we’ve struggled for a couple of years in Japan, made several changes there, changes in our market structure, changes in our own team, frankly to drive execution and we’re really seeing Japan turnaround very nicely, and that’s fueling a lot of the growth that we see in APAC. So it’s a little bit, a little bit of a different story between the two.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so we actually have a very quiet product that we have out there in the market already called BIM 360 Ops. And one of the big value propositions of BIM in general is that it leaves behind a 3D model that is a huge asset to the owner in terms of managing, maintaining and using their assets as time progresses. So we’ve been experimenting in that space. What you’re going to do is see us getting deeper penetration there from a couple of fronts frankly. Some of our lead customers are actually starting to become more owners because they see, they see opportunity for them in managing building spaces. There some of the customers that are using BIM 360 Ops now, BIM 360 Ops are in that category. So you’ll see us getting more awareness in that space simply because some of our customers are starting to participate more in that part of the market.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes Ken, we just, we continue to see – so let’s say maintenance efforts from subscription -- line of products subscription. We continue to see maintenance rates hold off despite the move from maintenance to subscription, and gave you the stat that more than 30% of those eligible actually moved from an individual product to a collection, which means they probably have more maintenance subscriptions and fewer industry collections subscription. So despite that fact and despite the price increase, we continue to see maintenance renewal rates hold up nicely. So that’s a positive little surprise, we’re not seeing faster migration frankly from maintenance over to product subscription. But at this point, the price difference between the two is still pretty nominal. That price gap will expand next year. Product subscription is just -- it’s continued adoption and deep adoption and building that product subscription into your workflows such that it becomes an indispensable tool much like the products have been back in a perpetual license world. So, each of those are progressing, actually picking up modestly, but picking up quarter-on-quarter. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Scott Herren: Yes Phil, this is Scott. I think on the subs, you touched on we had another good quarter of sub ads for core and cloud had a – we’re accelerating the sub ads with cloud business, so really driven by BIM 360. 53,000 cloud sub ads for the quarter, so that’s on the subs front. On the ARPS front, we’re continuing to see the trend that we saw initially that we talked about in the Investor Day back in March and that we saw in Q2. So there’s some effect from the change in channel discounts for AutoCAD LT that rolled out at the beginning of the year. We’re seeing that a slight adjustment to our multi-year, our multi user product pricing at the beginning of this year, that’s coming through as well. But more importantly, we’re seeing a bigger renewal base, which you know comes at a higher net price to us. You’re seeing an increase in direct sales at e-store. It’s one of the stats I gave on the opening commentary was that e-store grew 65% this quarter, so that drives higher ARPS and the move to collections continues to be strong collections, are a notable percent of our total base both of new and of conversions on M2S and less discounting over time. So all those factors drove ARPS last quarter, and again this quarter, and almost all those will continue out not just into fiscal 2020 but out in the fiscal 2023 as well.
Scott Herren: Yes, Jay, we are. So let me start by stating the conversion rate on M2S was unchanged this quarter. It’s still staying at about a third maintenance agreement that came up for renewal that converted. So even though the number in absolute terms is smaller, just means that the number that came up for renewal is small, so no change in conversion rate. There is a difference for geo as you just pointed out. It’s less so at the country level, it’s more of what we typically see as new technologies roll out, where North America seems to be the earliest adopters followed by Continental Europe and then some of the emerging markets in Europe and then APAC comes in at the -- after Europe though. So that’s exactly what we’re seeing in our Maintenance to Subscription. We’re furthest along in the U.S. , we’re about where the US was within the last two or three quarters in Europe at this point and APAC is behind.
Scott Herren: Yeah, Heather, I’ll start on the eStore. It’s progressing right along with what our expectations are. We gave this data where 65% year-on-year during the third quarter that we disclosed. eStore continues to drive 20% or so of all of our products subs. So eStore is progressing nicely. I think there’s more ground to cover there but the eStore is progressing nicely. On the collections, they have moved faster than we had initially planned. And I think it’s all upside. It’s definitely good news. We spent, I think you’ve heard me say this, an enormous amount of time and Andrew both in his current role, but also in his prior role, spent an enormous amount of time ensuring that we put the right content in those collections that we simplified it. We went from seven suites, which each had a good, better, best versions of 21 suites down to just three collections. So it’s easier to sell, it’s easier to buy and easier to pay and consume. But we also spend lot of time getting the product mix inside those collections right. It’s moved faster both for new customers and certainly it’s moved fast on people converting from maintenance over to product subscription and stepping up at that point of collection. It’s been a quite an upside.
Scott Herren: Yes. I’ll start and then let Andrew chime in. They are running on a $60 million to $70 million revenue run rate right now and growing about 50% year-on-year. So that’s what underpins one of the comments that I gave in the opening script and we expected to contribute around 100 million in ARR next year. There’s likely to be some small haircut, deferred revenue haircut has we work through all the purchase accounting, but that’s – that will drive a small amount of upside in ARR for fiscal 2020 and actually between that the small amount of headwind on profitability, small amount of financing cost will be a little bit of headwind on cash flows. We think we can contain that and still achieve for fiscal 2020, the $1.35 billion in free cash flow we put out there. Andrew, you want to talk about longer term.
Scott Herren: Yes. Sterling, we are not seeing any impact on macro at this point, it’s something that obviously I think everyone is looking very closely for. We’ve been watching since the beginning of the year, frankly, to see if there’s any effect in the UK or across the northern Europe from Brexit. We’re not seeing that, we’re not seeing it in demand. We’re not seeing it in pipeline build. We’ve also been watching very carefully with the trading tariff situation, the way it’s escalated over the last couple of months, we’re not seeing any impact there. There is the anecdotal here and there, we’re not seeing any impact on demand and we’re not seeing any impact on pipeline build at this point. So, to this point the demand environment still remains robust and from what we can see it will continue that way through the end of the year.
Scott Herren: Matt. It’s a great question. You remember this is one thing that I talked about as we were laying out the road to the $1.35 billion free cash flow for fiscal 2020 when I walked though that back at our Investor Day. And it really is about seeing multi-year sales kind of revert to its historic mean. We artificially depressed multi-year sales, we launched the Maintenance to Subscription program because we shot up all multi-year maintenance, we had to given three years of visibility to price increases that we’re going to happen there. So I’d say it’s more returning to the norm that it has been, which if you recall, I said, is about 20% of our sales. And that is focused on product subscription getting to that multi-year point. What that will mean is long term deferred will get up to less than it has been historically but probably into that 15% to 20% range below where it had been historically closer to 30% of our total deferred revenue, so it really is just about reverting that and that’s both a channel play and through our mid-market team.
Scott Herren: It is Matt. That’s not a decision that we’ve made or rolled out yet, but what we’ve said is over the long term expect to see us have annual price increases that are in that low-single digit kind of cost of living range longer term. We haven’t talked through or made the decisions on what kind of a price increase to look like beginning of next year.
Scott Herren: Yes, so it doesn’t make sense for us to update those fiscal 2023 targets at this point. We haven’t even closed the transaction yet. So I don’t want to get into addressing fiscal 2023. It clearly is a part of the strategy we have laid out to get to our fiscal 2023 targets. In terms of fiscal 200, to back up to that piece they are bringing along a fairly robust revenue stream in addition, so it will be slightly dilutive to profitability in fiscal 2020 and slightly dilutive to free cash flows but we think we can contain it within our fiscal 2020 target of $1.35 billion of free cash flow.
Scott Herren: Yes. And what I’ll add to that, Richard, is on the construction market, this is the -- we stated a $10 billion opportunity over time, but it’s probably less than a million today. The last time we did our own survey. We thought it was around the $500 million market today. So I think a lot of its growth going ahead is not necessarily reclaiming nonpaying users, whether they are legacy or pirates or share gains frankly in that space and where we have to take it from someone else. I think, in the construction market, that’s just an enormous amount of growth that’s going to happen in that marketplace, so ahead of us we’re really well positioned. But it’s a big market and there’s a lot of competitors in that space. I think there’s an up market there for all of us to grow.
