Mark J. Hawkins: Sure, Brent, glad to do so. Our 10% -- at least 10%, and as we look at FY '13, it's based on a kind of a normal process. It is 5 quarters out, but we look very comprehensively with our sales team, with our channel partners. We have a lot of, obviously, data that we get that we factor into a rigorous plan. We feel like this is a solid projection. We feel confident in the guidance. And it's kind of our normal process that we look at. And historically, in Q3, we typically give our fiscal year projection for the following year.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. In fact, this is comprehended in our guidance in Q3. And then also in Q4, as we talk about in the prepared remarks, we're going to take the channel down further. That's comprehensive into our guidance, as well. And you should see a natural kind of correlation with that in backlog. But this is absolutely correlated. And I think...
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. First of all, Sterling, this is factored into our guidance as we look at Q4. And obviously we comprehend this, and as we think about the future. We did 10 strategic deals that are small in nature, as you've noted. A number of them are intellectual property that will be worked into the overall portfolio over time. We have a few other ones that we've disclosed publicly, ones like Instructables and grid and map and things of that nature. But I think the way to think about this is a lot of these are the core technology that's going into the business. Some have revenue generation, as well, but each one of those is not material, otherwise, we would make a further public disclosure about that. And all that we see is comprehended into our view for the future.
Mark J. Hawkins: Well again, we're looking at -- one of the things that we think about, Brendan, is the broader operating margin. And of course you're seeing that expansion with the projection for the year between 210 and 240 basis points. Some of the downward pressure on the gross margin, which is kind of the subtext of the broader profitability, has to do with us as we have penetrated major accounts and enterprise. In some cases there's consulting work and such that's required and it has a little bit of a margin effect. You can see it's not a big effect on the year-on-year basis, but that is a dynamic that's happening. I think the most important thing that I would point to, Brendan, is just looking for the operating margin expansion in total, and knowing the geography will move a little bit here and there. Should be no sharp turns, but a little bit.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. Well I think there'll be both, Blair, from that standpoint. We'll get all the leverage we can. We'll look at each of the different areas we've got plans that were driving efficiencies really across multiple functions. And we have concerted efforts and initiatives to do that. You should expect both. It will be in both leverage and productivity items. I wasn't wanting to get into specific detail of all the initiatives that we have. We have a thing called an operating council, where there's large queue of activities that we work together on at the highest level in the company to really drive scale, basically. That is a long list of things that we're executing on. We have a plan well thought out as we go into FY '13, ideas that we'll capitalize on. But leverage is important, too.
Mark J. Hawkins: Well I think, again, the billings, we were certainly pleased with an 18% growth year-on-year for the subscription. And I think over time, we've talked a little bit before, Kash, there's a few moving parts, but over time, that will show up in our revenue. We don't give forward-looking guidance for subscription revenue, but growth of 18% year-on-year is a good dynamic. And over time we'll see that, and it will fuel [ph] it. You know how it works, that it's ratably recognized, divided by 12, most of it, some is multiyear. But hopefully, that will give you a sense. You're right on the track that it -- you'll see the growth come out in revenue over time.
Mark J. Hawkins: Gregg, it will take a little bit of time. Partly is just we have to have the customers adopt that. But over time, we've factored in all that will happen with the electronic delivery in terms of efficiencies. But it will be a process that will evolve over the course of the year.
Mark J. Hawkins: I would certainly, I'd just -- we talked on the product side and such. It's certainly, geographically, Asia will help. As Carl said, if you looked backward, we would certainly expect that trend to continue, as well.
Mark J. Hawkins: I completely agree with Carl's point. And just -- we understand the duality, Keith, of investing, as Carl said. And then also chasing out the efficiencies that we should get only in the areas that makes sense, in the back-office, areas of that nature.
Mark J. Hawkins: And Keith, on the share buyback, you're absolutely correct in that we did step up a bit in this particular quarter. But what I would say to you is our philosophy hasn't changed in terms of covering our dilution. It just, again, will be a little bit lumpy at times. We'll look at the market and facts and circumstances. But the broader picture on the policy hasn't changed. But we'll look at the market and look at the situation.
Carl Bass: And Brent, we'll update it as we get closer to the beginning of the fiscal year. On Europe, I think -- I don't think our experience is very different than what other companies are seeing and reporting, that I think it's mixed across Europe. Certainly, Southern Europe is fairly weak. Northern and Central Europe is fairly strong, and I think there's a lot of uncertainty about what's going to go on in the Eurozone and in Brussels. Asia Pacific was really strong. It has continued to outpace both the Americas and Europe for a long time, and I expect it to continue to do so.
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, what we were trying to do, really, if you remember 3 months ago, the world was fearing going into a double-dip. And what I said at the time was we had no great insight into whether we were going, but in looking back at our business, I said if the world does go into a second dip, it'll look different than the first one. And we were trying to monitor all these metrics that we saw, some in front of and some when we look retrospectively of what happened a few years ago. Some of the indicators that we had seen the first time was decreases in our run rate business. Those would be products from our PSEB segment. If you look now, PSEB had a particularly strong quarter. So I would kind of stick to the comments I made before, that that as well as a bunch of the other metrics we looked at, subscription renewals, subscription attach, they were strong. And so like I said before, it's still hard to figure out what's going to go on in Washington and what's going to go on in Brussels. But just looking at our business, we're certainly not seeing the indicators we saw in 2009. If anything, we're seeing contrary indicators.
Carl Bass: Good question, Richard. What I would say is we already sell fairly high up. It depends on the account. We've talked about, repeatedly, how our major account business is doing really well. We continue to invest in our major account business. Those are all decisions that are made at the executive suite. We're typically selling in large companies to the CIO or the head of engineering or the head of design. So I think for those customers, we already have a sales force in place. As you get to small-, medium-sized business, I think it's incumbent upon our partners. And many of our partners work at that level, though in smaller companies. So I think it will be different, it's a more holistic sale. It's more of an enterprise sale. But people often misunderstand our business. The fact they say over and over again is nearly 30% of our business comes from 1% of our customers. And in those cases where you look, people have thousands of licenses in mission-critical applications. So I don't think you should mistake the fact that a machine shop down the street has a license of our software with the fact that we're mission-critical and large enterprises. They both exist simultaneously.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean the quarter-over-quarter decline in Suites is to be anticipated. One is just the usual seasonality in 2, 3 but the more important thing is the introduction of most of the suites in Q2. So after the big introduction, I would have been very surprised if Q3 was bigger. In terms of maintenance, all of our subscription rates are doing really well. So attach is good. Renewal is well. Everything about that business seems particularly healthy. And in relation to the questioner before, that was another one of the indicators that we saw go down. We're not seeing that at all. So we're really pleased with where we saw the maintenance business going.
Carl Bass: Yes. So let me just go -- let me just broaden your infrastructure question to the general AEC question. Two quarters ago, people were questioning a lot about the health of the AEC business and trying to extrapolate from there one thing or another. I tried to point out at the time something that remains true, has always been true, is that if you really want to understand how we serve architecture, engineering and construction, you have to look at the combination of what we report as AEC and PSEB. That one was particularly low in AEC 2 quarters ago. The other point I've made repeatedly is I try not to read too much into any one quarter's number in one particular area. And my logic around that is we have a capacity constraint system with various incentives. And under that, you see behavior that goes on within a quarter. That's not very controllable. Over time, when it becomes a trend, then you should take note of it, and we certainly do and try to do something about it. So overall, I'd say our AEC business is doing well. You can see it in the AEC number alone, as well as the fraction of the PSEB business. Along with that, infrastructure is doing well. There were some timing issues also that we brought up in 2 quarters ago. Had a lot to do with the introduction of suites, the introduction of the Infrastructure Suite in particular. Those are all things that came out later in the year in the U.S., as well as in other geographies and languages.
Carl Bass: Oh, the channel question. I was so busy answering that one, Jay. No, we continue to make incremental changes. I think if you just try to step back and not try to dissect too finely any moves in our programs, but look at it more holistically, generally what we're trying to do is reward our partners who put in the most work and accomplish the most. And given the regulatory framework in which we operate the business conditions, there are various ways that we're able to incent people and make sure that the people who do the most work and contribute the most, provide the most value to the customers, get paid the most. And that's what we continue to do. And you've seen some changes this year. I think the introduction of a premier status. And I think you'll see some changes coming in the channel framework for next year, as well. But all keeping in mind that the goal remains to reward the people who do the most work.
Carl Bass: Yes. So first thing, again, the part of PSEB that is not AEC is primarily Manufacturing. So again, when you look at Manufacturing, it's not our as reported number. You have to look at both those numbers together. And if you put the 2 together, I'd continue to say that we're growing. We're growing faster than our competitors. When you look at things like seed counts, and market share is measured by install base, we're growing much faster than our competitors there, as well. One of the other things to remember is when you look at some of the competitors out there, they're actually growing in areas where we don't even compete, and vice-versa. So I think when you look at things where we both compete, which is design and engineering software, as well as analysis software, by both the seed count and the revenue count, we're growing much faster. I love the position we're in, in Manufacturing. We're kind of the underdog. We're kind of the disruptor. We democratize technology. We have a broader product portfolio than anybody. We have a better product portfolio. I'd hold it up against anybody in the industry. And if you just look back, last quarter was the biggest quarter ever in Manufacturing history, and it grew 20% year-over-year. So I'm really happy with where we're going. And I'm really excited about what we're doing around PLM, because I think that's going to be a big game changer in terms of how we're able to serve customers and how we'll proceed in the market.
Carl Bass: Again, I say the plan is not blind. We went into the quarter thinking we might do some. The quarter proved strong and we decided we could reduce and do it gracefully without any impact to our partners or our customers. And I'd say the same thing. We've contemplated a level of reduction in Q4. We might be slightly more aggressive if business is stronger than expected.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think the 2 products that are coming along in Suites, one is 3ds Max. That many people have always wanted visualization capabilities. For others, it's AutoCAD or some flavor of AutoCAD that's in there, as well. Those are probably the 2 big ones. I think industry-by-industry, it's a little bit different with different customers latching onto it. We're really getting our first complete data right now about not only what they buy, but what customers use. And we'll have more data as this goes on. We're studying it pretty closely to understand the adjacency. And if you remember, we also have the 3 tiers of products. So it's interesting not only what people buy, but I'm interested in watching the migration over time between the various levels and the stack.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think if you just want to understand a little bit directionally where we're looking, there are really pretty much 2 things that we're trying to do with most of these acquisitions. As Mark said, they're mostly -- they're either IP or they're very small teams and technologies. And what we're generally trying to do is, one, is expand into adjacent markets. So when you see a particular kind of engineering or analysis software, it's adjacent to a market we're in and we're trying to round out the offering. And particularly as we package things into suites, we want to be able to give our customers a complete workflow that answers their problems. And the second thing is, as we've talked about many times, we're into going a platform technology transition. And so there are a bunch of technologies that we're getting in order to make sure that we're the best provider of engineering tools in the cloud.
Carl Bass: So the answer to the question is the maintenance pricing is higher on Suites than stand-alone products. And we're seeing no differential in discounting or anything around that. So as people have Suites, or higher value products, our average for maintenance is going up as well.
Carl Bass: I didn't know there was a recovery in Japan. But I think it was pretty broadly based. Japan did well. But everywhere in Asia Pacific did reasonably well. I think what it's generally true is our fastest growing areas, whether Asia Pacific or emerging countries, are also our most volatile. And we see ups and downs, country by country, discipline by discipline, as also in emerging countries between the different ones quarter-to-quarter. They just are more volatile, and we saw a little bit of it this time. It seemed like everything kind of lined up this time in Asia Pacific.
Carl Bass: I think we'll see. Right now, we're finding 2 segments in particular. The large enterprise customers who are frustrated or disappointed with existing PLM offerings seem to be surprisingly receptive to it. That's probably the big surprise we've had as we've done out in beta, is we originally thought it would be appropriate for small and medium businesses. We've understood what PLM could do for them, but couldn't afford it. So we thought that was it. What we're finding is huge desire on the part of large manufacturers who are just frustrated with the previous offering. I mean, I think in some ways you compare this -- this is the same thing as Salesforce is to Siebel, or Workday is to PeopleSoft. I think this is exactly the same kind of dynamic where -- that was technology that was good in its time, but much of this technology dates back 20 years. And now there's just a much better way to deploy and it's much more effective. And I think we've -- what I underestimated a little bit during the year as we went through the planning on this is just how ready large customers are to move to the cloud. They're doing it with all kinds of offerings. And the question amongst the very large company CIOs is, "How do I go about this transformation? How does it integrate with my existing systems," much more so than what we had heard a year or 2 ago, which were lots of concerns about privacy and security and other stuff. So I think there's a greater willingness amongst the large customers to move there than we anticipated.
Carl Bass: Okay. So I'll start with -- there's almost no revenue baked in. And by the way, our pricing model and the business model doesn't look to dissimilar from some of the SaaS companies I mentioned. That part of the business, things like bookings will be a better indicator than revenue because they will be back-end loaded. And everything you've learned from following companies like that, you should apply at least to this part of the business. So there's not a lot of it baked in at all. The feedback that we're getting so far is that -- it's way exceeding our expectations. We're just surprised by how warm the reception is, and probably leave it for now at that. We'll be showing more of it in 2 weeks at Autodesk University, so for people who want to come there or who will be there already, you can see it in action. There will be customers who have used it. And as we head into the first months of the calendar year, you'll see a more public release of it.
Carl Bass: Easily. It will easily do that. I also think, in many cases, what's happened with this PLM systems is they're kind of like the Chernobyl of the enterprise. They've gotten encased in concrete and they're in there. And really what the CIOs are trying to figure out is, "how do I work around the system?" And there are many of the users within the enterprise who are not served, who they've never been able to roll it out for. The prices are too expensive to reach large parts. And for almost everyone, the behind-the-firewall approach doesn't work for the current way they're doing business. Their businesses have moved far along. Both their suppliers and their customers -- suppliers, customers and employees are accessing information in new ways, and they want a more modern approach.
Carl Bass: Yes. I don't see drastic changes in our hiring pattern. Most of the hiring we've done absent the acquisitions has been for more salespeople. We will continue to hire more direct salespeople. On the other hand, our percentage of business through our major accounts has remained fairly constant. So I like the mix that we have right now, but most of the efforts or most of the investment will go to go-to-market activities and sales and marketing. But we have particular emphasis on the PLM, because as some of the people have already pointed out, it's a somewhat different nature of a sale. And we want to go as broad as we possibly can and be successful with it.
Carl Bass: I think if you want -- generally, we don't give any segment-by-segment forecasting. I think if you want to look back at historical trends and try to guess from there, Manufacturing has been the fastest and steadiest grower. I would expect that to continue. I see nothing to disrupt that trend. The big unknown, particularly as we start getting further out, is what happens in the worldwide economy around construction. We're having really great pickup in the construction part of AEC. Business has certainly stabilized, and in parts of the world, it's improving. So a little bit depends on something that my crystal ball is not that clear about, certainly towards the end of next year, what happens with the global AEC market.
Carl Bass: So I think the way to look at it is while we've taken the authorization scheme and made it more open, at the same time, we've introduced a whole host of programs that are pay-for-value. And as I said earlier on the call, our goal is to reward the people who do the most work and are the most successful. So the only way it's made sense to open up on the authorization side is because we have these other programs in place. So what you're seeing is a combination of a number of programs coming together that we think can, even better than we've ever been able to, rewards the people who are the most successful. So I think that's what you're seeing, and if you hear griping out there, I would just say historically, almost every change we've made in the channel is met with some amount of griping. Probably the loudest I've heard in my career was the introduction of subscription, which has turned out to be, I think, a major benefit for both Autodesk and our channel partners. So I think -- and typically our channel partners have incomplete information as they hear about new programs. The only thing I would say is we've worked hand-in-hand with our partners for over 25 years. Our partners have gotten stronger during that time, and we continue to want to reward the best partners. And they're an integral part of our plan going forward. So when you see these changes, you have to know how important our channel partners are to us, and all the plans we're putting in place to make sure that they're successful along with us.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think it's a great insight. I mean, we're spending a lot of time watching not only the purchase but the adoption and usage of the suites. We think once people are using more than one product, it becomes a value to them. And if you look at the prices, it makes sense. So we're very cognizant of how widely it's adopted and how broadly it's used in order to do that. Along with it, we made several introductions this year of various other technologies. Most of the cloud offerings are tied to our subscription. So we're continuing to increase the value of subscription as being more than just the annual delivery of new functionality in packaged software. We're also making sure that there's constant engagement with web services that provide ongoing value.
Carl Bass: No. I think, if anything, our cost controls have been balanced with investment for the future. And so we're always looking for places where there's slop, or kind of gunk in the system. Try to eliminate as much as that. And particularly when we see new opportunities, would I rather spend $2 million too much on travel or get $2 million worth of sales capacity to sales -- to sell PLM? So I think along with Mark and his team's help, we've been looking really carefully at all the costs. But it really is in balance with making sure that we're positioned for the future and being able to make the investments that we think are necessary for the future. More than anything -- so if you saw anything that's dramatically different, it wasn't intentional, and it's not really reflective of anything going on. I think, having said that, I think everybody in the middle of this year, inside Autodesk and outside, took pause as there was that moment of panic, and just wanted to make sure that none of the sloppiness was seeping back into the system after the big purge of 2 years ago.
Carl Bass: Yes. And in many cases, this is kind of a win, win, win. If you look at something like electronic software delivery, over time it's going to lower the costs, but it provides a much better experience for our customers. So it also gets our resellers out of a bunch of non-value-added work. And so you look at the combination and you say that it's, first of all, good for customers, it's good for partners, it's good for us. And those are the kind of initiatives that I really like to see.
Carl Bass: Well let me answer the question about the acquisitions and Mark can handle the one about stock repurchase. I think the acquisition is somewhat anomalous if you go back over any period of time. It just so happened a whole bunch of stuff just lined up this quarter. It wasn't particularly intentional. But -- and as you see, it was $90 million in aggregate for 10 acquisitions. And there were a couple that were large enough to talk about, which means the others were really small. But I wouldn't read too much into it. I would be surprised. 10 acquisitions is generally about what we've been averaging per year, not per quarter, and I don't see really any change in the historical rate.
Carl Bass: Not specifically this deal. All our deals are kind of factored in with the probability of closing in a particular quarter. So we had been working on that particular deal for a long time, as well as others. Some deals fell in this quarter. Some deals fell out this quarter. Big deal activity for us is not that important. We've often talked about the linearity of the quarters all through. And so what we saw this time as this one happened to close. There are at least a few deals that we anticipated in our guidance closing. They are now closed, but didn't close by the end of the quarter.
Carl Bass: The effort has been broad. It's in some of the areas we're looking at. So first all, if you just look geographically, it's been broad. It's not just the U.S. It's certainly been in Europe. It's certainly been in Asia, as well as the emerging countries in all 3 geos. Generally speaking, it's been for those areas that we've called out as being new, and those in which there are large entities that kind of dominated. So one is in the area of construction. Certainly there's some in the area of Manufacturing. Those are the kind of places where we're looking. So it's kind the cross product of looking at the geography and then the economic structure of the industry. And so as we've gone into construction as opposed to broad-based AEC, that's something where it makes more sense to go to market with a direct sales force. The same thing is absolutely true as we look at PLM. For a certain class of enterprise customer, it's a direct sell.
Carl Bass: Yes. So we're really 1/2 a year into having Suites. We had introduced some at the end of last year, more as tests and pilots to better understand what's going on. The spring and going to the summer was the first introduction. So I'd say we're still early in it. We're adjusting the knobs and dials. A bunch of the questions that have already come up on the call were analyzing the data. "What are people buying? Where are they finding value? Which things are they using?" So we're going to continue to monitor closely the activity around Suites. And we will definitely adjust prices, packaging, as well as promotions as we look to maximize our investment there.
Carl Bass: Yes. I would just say general overall improvement worldwide in AEC. So I think when you look -- for awhile, construction had dramatically slowed down worldwide. I think you've seen a stabilizing and, in fact, growth in certain areas. I think the government deals are more one-off, but aren't the major determinants of growth overall in the sector.
Carl Bass: I was just going to say one thing, Dan. I mean, if you really want to look at it, what I think is driving it is the stabilization in the overall market coupled with the retooling efforts that we've talked about, where people want to get tools that make them more productive. So generally speaking, as people are going into the downturn, they were less interested in retooling. Now, as they start to see job prospects on the future, starts for buildings increasing, they want to make sure they're in the best position to compete for those. And when they win them, that they can perform them as effectively as possible. The big shift in our business has been from a business that originally served primarily the architects and somewhat the engineers, our engineering capabilities have gone out dramatically, and we have invested quite a bunch to make sure that we serve the builders, or the construction part of AEC. So I think there's overall secular trends going on there in terms of the adoption and technology in the industry that's being bolstered or supported by a general improvement in the overall economy.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think if you look -- in addition to the things that we're doing with broad-based industry, you can look at things like utilities, where we're doing in transportation, the Department of Transportation, those are long sales cycles. And we've continued to invest in it. We think we have great products to serve those needs, but it's not a decision any of those entities take slightly. They don't do it particularly quickly. It takes us a long time. And we're in it for the long term, and we've continued to make those investments. And both in utilities, as well as in transportation agencies, we're starting to see the payoff.
Daniel T. Cummins: Okay. A final blast of AEC questions. With regard to the published comments about record AEC business and public agencies, just looking for color. Is that largely a comment about U.S. federal? Is there anything meaningful from other geographies? Was this good performance the result of longer lead time project business or more short term in nature? And just quick follow-ups.
Daniel T. Cummins: Okay. Yes. There's some optimism there in terms of going forward, I guess, curiosity around, are you talking about stuff that's identifiable in the current sales funnel. But I hear what you're saying about short-term opportunities. if I could just move on...
Daniel T. Cummins: I guess, just last thing was just you mentioned penetrating utilities. Is that notable breakthrough? You have been talking about this as kind of a multiyear objective. Just some more color on that, too.
