Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. We started off fiscal '20 with great momentum, accentuated by continued acceleration of recent construction acquisitions and strong growth across all geographic regions. Our billings and free cash flow came in at or above expectations and reflect the strength of our business. We are on track with the integration of PlanGrid and BuildingConnected and have exciting achievements to share with you. Although, our first quarter revenue came in at the low end of our guidance range, we are on track to achieve our fiscal '20 ARR and free cash flow guidance and are reaffirming our fiscal '23 targets. Our pipeline for the rest of the year is strong and growing, and the underlying demand strength we've seen in prior quarters continues to drive growth in our business. There is no change to our view of the strength of the business or the current spending environment in our end markets. Before I offer you more color on strategic highlights during the quarter, let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our first quarter results as well as our guidance. I'll then return with further insights into some of the key drivers of our business, including construction, manufacturing and digital transformation, before we open it up to Q&A.
Andrew Anagnost: That's exactly, and actually you've hit on one of the points that's important about this coming year. The PlainGrid folks and the BuildingConnected folks immediately found some synergies between how they approach the market and their individual businesses. So there's a strong flow of leads and discussion back and forth between those two teams, and that plays a pretty integral part. Remember, BuildingConnected has visibility to the whole entire project bidding environment within the US. And obviously, PlanGrid is super eager to go and talk to those projects about how they can improve site execution and effectiveness and success for their particular projects. So that's one of the big uplifts we're seeing is some of the connection between those two offerings. And frankly as we brought BuildingConnected in, we saw a very nice surge in their business. Like I said, they had their best Q1 ever in terms of new business, because people just like the fact that they're part of Autodesk and that - what they're focusing on with the bid management is - it's a good tool, they added a lot of features in there during Q1. And it's a solid result.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, all let me comment on some of those synergies we found in shared accounts. So one of the things we did very quickly as we established how we were going to go-to market with our named account side of our business, and a lot of the places where we're seeing like joint shared updates in our named account business. So that was a place where we have a named account rep, where we can come in and say, hey, look you know what, we can augment your solution with PlanGrid and we can do some - we can get this project, put it up on PlanGrid, we can get this project put it up on BIM 360 that's where you're seeing a lot of collaboration, that fits within our standard salesforce, and it's functioning really well, and we have an interconnect strategy between those two, and a quarter retirement strategy that allows people to cross-sell and get benefit in terms of quarter retirement for both sides of the equation. Now what you see that PlanGrid team being highly effective at is doing land and expand in new accounts in the construction ecosystem. And we focus a lot of that team on going out and reaching construction companies that we historically did not touch. And that's where they're spending a lot of energy. So they leverage our named accounts team for some of these synergistic sales and they go out and they find new business out there using their existing infrastructure, which works very effectively. As we move across into the year, what you're going to see is basically - we're going to maintain that essential structure, but we're going to make sure that we coordinate sales more tightly within the Autodesk construction group as we move towards the end of the year. But we're going to continue to have that synergistic relationship between our named account program and the salesforce that sits inside of the construction group. And we just - we just think those synergies are going to increase as the year progresses. Remember, we just rolled out a tokenized version of PlanGrid as well, and you know how effective we are at driving usage within some of the named accounts underneath our EBA, so you're going to see that have a synergistic factor as well and it's all brand new. I mean, we're very, very early on, in that.
Andrew Anagnost: So I'll take the first part, then I'll hand the second part over to Scott. So you saw our manufacturing business grew quite nicely during the quarter, really strong growth. Now that doesn't mean we aren't hearing from our manufacturing customers that they're seeing pressure in terms of the commodities they use to build their products and things associated with that. They absolutely are. All of our customers are paying more for certain basic things to bring into their business. But you have to understand what we sell to them isn't a commodity, it isn't a metal or a fabrication or a supplier. It's a mission critical tool and it's a mission critical digital process. And a lot of our customers see these tools and expansion of their investment with us as helping them be more efficient and be more effective when they're seeing cost pressures rise in other areas. Like a lot of those competitive wins I talked about are really focused on consolidation of multiple tool sets into the single solution we offer, which is easier to deploy. It's lighter touch. It's got more and more end to end things, the different types of price points. So customers are actually looking to us to help them get more efficient, while they're seeing the cost of things that roll in the door to make their products go up. So we have not seen any kind of backing away of expenditures in our software space. We're seeing no signs of it. We haven't seen it yet, it doesn't mean things can't change. But we also - we do know that our customers are turning to us to make them more efficient. And I think that, that puts us in a good position when they're seeing the cost of other parts of their business go up. Now I'll turn it over to Scott for the second part.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Well, there's a lot going on there, and we're rolling out a lot more in generative tools, especially to the Fusion platform. Manufacturer going to see some new capabilities in terms of generative geometry creation tied to 2.5 axis milling constraints and more of the mainstream kind of CNC applications the customers use. So we'll probably going to see a little bit of an explosion of use of some of these tools as we roll some of this out. But you're right, we're getting a lot of adoption. And the partners are excited about it, because they can go in and have a very, very differentiated discussion with their customers about what they can do with these tools. Now one of the things we're seeing, and I want to make sure that people understand this, because people thought, well, these are really advanced things, isn't just like 3D printing focused, and isn't this just for people that want to create organic shapes for 3D printing. The biggest usage right now that we're seeing with regards to generative design is people exploring new types of design options for things that they either had existing or they are building from scratch, and then taking those explorations and turning them into things they can build using their traditional manufacturing methods. So they're essentially using generative design as a tool to show them new solutions to problems that they wouldn't have naturally found in the first place. And that's one of the exciting things about what's going on right now is that, it's having a real impact in the mainstream customers and on the customers that are kind of looking out on the cutting edge of things. So you're absolutely right, there's lots of reasons to be excited and our partners are really getting engaged in our manufacturing portfolio, because of generative.
Andrew Anagnost: No. I think we've seen a consistent pattern, and we don't see anything that would indicate that changing. I agree with you. It's probably going to make a point or two different as we get deeper into that base. Just because of the size and because maybe a mix shift inside that what's left to the maintenance base.
Andrew Anagnost: We always see non-payer conversion every year. So one of the things I just have to say, because I say it every call, this non-paying conversion thing isn't going to be this big explosion, all right. It's an ongoing process. Some of these people have very clever ways. They continue to not pay us. But what I will tell you is that we've successfully rolled out some really interesting ways to have conversations with these customers and engage with them directly. And we are learning a lot that we think is going to play pretty significantly into our long-term strategy with regards to converting these people. We have direct engages with them. We can track where they go after an engagement whether or not, they continue to pirate or they pursue some kind of other path. So we're learning a lot. And that's what we expected to do this year. Every year, we convert non-paying users into users, every year, we convert more than we did the previous year. But more importantly, every year, we're learning more about how to effectively engage with these customers. And that should give you a really good feeling about the long-term growth prospects as we start looking at those 14 million non-paying users and converting them over the next few years.
Andrew Anagnost: So we're not seeing any kind of geography-based slowdowns. And by the way, the PMI in EMEA has actually been in contraction territory for a while. So it isn't like a new phenomena. And for us, we see the PMI as measuring a different side of the demand curve. It's much more focused on the purchasing of kind of the core assets that kind of go in the door and come out as product. We're selling efficiency in digital transformation. So right now, we - and what - actually let's just look back historically, we've never seen a strong correlation between the PMI and near-term impacts on our business. Long term, as the PMI phasing contraction territory, you absolutely, eventually would see an impact on our business. Short-term what people do is they tend to buy more of our software to try to invest in digitization and kind of getting their processes more aligned, more efficient. So we're not seeing any slowdown in any geographic areas. And the ongoing PMI results don't signal anything to us in terms of our demand environment.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So like I said earlier, we've seen pretty rapid adoption of these capabilities as they rolled out, which actually bodes well for how customers are reacting to those things. I don't have any feedback on particular feature sets. Because we're working like a big lumps of areas, like in one area we're working on in Revit in particular, is on rail and things associated with rail and adding capabilities that make it more efficient for rail. So there's going to be lots of areas and each one of these products that are broadly accepted. But when it comes to AutoCAD in particular, customers are starting to embrace the multi-platform nature of what we've done with AutoCAD, and the way we're making it easy to integrate not only our own storage environments, but third-party storage environments like Dropbox and Box, and other types of environments, so that our customers can efficiently use AutoCAD data in multiple types of storage environments. One of the features we rolled out and it doesn't get a lot of visibility is that when a customer is inside the Dropbox environment, and they go and they click on a DWG files, it actually launches the AutoCAD - AutoCAD web, the viewer - and it put its full AutoCAD web, and it actually says, you are subscriber, if you're a subscriber they get the edit experience. But it is the - AutoCAD web version inside these applications, that kind of reach that we're getting with some of those things is actually exposing more and more customers to the power of the multi-platform view we've taken with some of these applications. So I think you're going to hear more and more about what we're doing there. On the Revit side, you're going to hear more and more about some of the things we're doing around rail and other areas, where we're extending the capabilities to be not just Revit, but in InfraWorks such as more specifically say it's on the InfraWorks side. You're going to hear more and more about some of those things as well. But those are some of the areas that are getting a lot of interest and a lot of traction.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So there's a couple of things you want to know about the media and entertainment business. One, it's very sensitive to large deals. All right. So for instance in Q4, we had a couple of really big deals in M&E. So there was a quarter or a quarter change around media and entertainment just related those deals. Last Q1, we also had a big deal that came in. And like I said, the media and entertainment business of all our businesses is very sensitive to these large deals. So there is a quarter over compare to that large deal, but in addition and this is something I want you to pay attention to over a multi-quarter scenario, similar to what we did in our manufacturing business, we've retired certain products in that space that we're no longer collecting revenue on and you'll see some kind of year-over-year declines associated with that. So for instance, we don't charge for sketchbook anymore that product is out there, it's completely free, it's available to people to anybody who wants to use it. That, that money isn't in there anymore, and it shows up in the year-over-year. But those are things that are affecting the M&E business. We actually had a pretty robust M&E quarter, right? But as I said, there's sensitivity to large deals and this idea that we feel kind of retired certain products especially things like sketchbook that are going to have year-over-year impacts.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, like I said, we're really happy with the results of construction in Q1, we hit all our goals we're looking good heading into Q2, we're really happy with things that are going on. So let me tell you right out of the gate, that the pricing models are working in their form, but I think I know you're asking a different question. So like - when we go in against the competitor, let me tell you about the two things that help us win. The first thing is competitors just like the story, they see us with a best-in-class field execution solution at one end, they see us with a best-in-class design collaboration solution at the other end, all cloud-based. And they just look at us and when we tell them look, we're going to connect the building information model all the way from design through to site execution, and we're going to do it with these things in between, they believe us, and they see it and they expect it all of its functionality is going to roll out over time. And when we do things like accelerate the rollout of PlanGrid BIM into the PlanGrid environment as quickly as we did, people start to say, okay, thank you Autodesk, you're showing us the evidence that we're heading in the right direction. So they buy the vision, they buy Autodesk role, they don't see anybody else able to do this end-to-end kind of connection the way we're doing, and that's been something we've been consistent about. And yes, when they go in and look at the business model that we come to market with, they say look yours is a much more customer-friendly business model, this is one I can grow with. This business model over here is this going to penalize me as I grow. So yes, we do see those things. But I want to just make it clear, primary reason we win is the big story. And that's the thing that is getting customers excited. It's the thing that's engaging them, and it's the thing that's bringing more people into our ecosystem and we are seeing that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So one of the things, I want to make sure I reiterate. I mentioned this during the last call, but I think it bodes restating, we've definitely applied clear missions to the two product stacks and the two teams frankly and we've actually swapped people back and forth between the two teams. PlanGrid is very much focused on field execution and being the best-in-class tool for field execution. So they're looking to accelerate the roadmap that they had in place for field execution both customer-driven and internally-driven, and that's where they're spending their dollars. On BIM 360, we're focusing the BIM 360 team much more on closing all the gaps around project management and things associated with project management, RFI flow and all of the things that go - connected to that and then connecting those things back to the PlanGrid environment and the customer see a seamless flow. So we've - this mission-based assignment of teams has been super important. It has resulted in additional R&D dollars going in. We are absolutely accelerating PlanGrid's roadmap, not decelerating it, and we're accelerating BIM 360's roadmap with regards to project management capabilities. So that, that you will hear more about in June. But I think it's important to just reiterate, where we put the money and how we're spending it to moving forward because we really do want these solutions to survive, thrive, grow and connect together rapidly inside Autodesk. So we're committed to that and yes, we spend more and we brought them in and we got the results we wanted. So I think we're going to keep doing that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we never, we never expected that every subscription - that every maintenance customer was going to move to subscription during this program. I think one thing that's important to note is we basically converted two-thirds of them already at this point. So there's really only one-third of the subscription base left from when we started this program. And as we told you over and over again, we've - everyone we've moved, we're growing the value of those customers through consolidation and through other efforts associated with that. So we have to pause and look at well how far have we come here with regards to this program. And I think it's pretty impressive results given what we're trying to accomplish. We have always expected that by the end of the year, there were going to be a set of customers left in, and there are going to be a set of customers left in maintenance. But I think also what you heard from Scott earlier is that the renewal rates for maintenance are holding up quite well, incredibly well actually even with the price increases that are in front of customers. So customers are going with us along the journey. There are going to be some left at the end of the year still on maintenance, and we'll look at what we do in terms of working with those customers as we get to that point. But we're already two-thirds in there, we'll be more than two-thirds by the end of the year, we've been successful in increasing the value of those customers and most of those customers that have moved over are happy and the ones that are still on maintenance are renewing it at robust rates. So the program looks like a success to me.
Andrew Anagnost: So Hamza what you're seeing there is the strength that was always there underneath that you couldn't see, because of all the product retirements we did. Alright. So we've been doing this for several quarters in the core part of our business, which is one of the reasons why we're so excited about, how we're doing in manufacturing in general right now. You saw declines or slowness in the manufacturing business, because we retired a whole set of products. Some of them we just retired completely, some of them were transitioned into the collections environment, some of them were combined with other products, we did some large consolidations, and this resulted in some revenue that is essentially disappeared. But it showed up eventually in other places, so now what you're seeing is the underlying strength in the core manufacturing business that was always there. And we're - like I said excited about it and when you look at some of the things that are in the roadmap, what you're going to see is tighter and tighter coupling of this design to make workflows. You're going to see more showing up in Fusion with regards to end-to-end design all the way through to machining workflows and new generative algorithms that take not only 3D printing workflows, but - workflows for 2 axis, 2.5 axis, 3 axis milling operations and automating the geometry creation. You're also going to see more workflows between Inventor and Fusion. So that Inventor customers can take advantage of the downstream production workflows that are built inside a Fusion. Customers are starting to look inside the manufacturing and - the product design and manufacturing collection and they're cracking it open and they're seeing some things that they think are pretty amazing. That's part and parcel of what's driving our growth. Customers are consolidating on what we have because they see us. I can take these eight weird things that I had against consolidating this as one thing. And by the way I've got this cloud workflow that makes all my data problems a lot cleaner and it's just working. And I expect you'll see it to continue to work in the future. So I'm just happy you can now see the underlying strength in the business that we knew was there all along.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Thanks, Phil. It was - it's certainly within the range of our guidance and our planning, $735 million was the low end of our guidance range. So it wasn't a significant variance from what our expectations were. So we did see those both Q3 and Q4 had - but I'll call better linearity. So earlier, linearity in each of those quarters, as we came into Q1, Q1 actually ended up with the linearity of similar to last Q1, as opposed to the improved linearity that we've seen in Q3, and Q4, which I guess is not really surprising, given that, beginning of the year, people don't have budgets yet, sales teams are going through sales kickoff, et cetera. So we ended up with the same linearity we had in Q1 a year ago as opposed to kind of the improved linearity we've seen in Q3 and Q4 and that's what pushed us to the low end of the range. I'll go ahead and answer your follow-up question, which is our assumption for Q2. On linearity is that it'll look more like Q2 '19 as opposed to the improved linearity that we saw in Q3 and Q4, it doesn't really have an effect on the full-year, you see full-year guidance remains unchanged, and you see, actually, Q2 guidance shows a pretty nice step-up sequentially as a result of getting some of that, and that came in a little bit later in the quarter, obviously we have it for the full quarter of Q2. So it doesn't really change our view at the year. That was a good strong start to the year. Just had linearity more in line with what we had seen a year ago as opposed to what we had seen in the prior two quarters.
Scott Herren: Yes. So it's a great question, Saket. The M2S program, of course, just entered its third year, right, at the beginning of Q2, we just entered the third year of the M2S program. And this is when the more significant price increase goes into effect for those who want to renew maintenance. Ahead of that what we've seen is the maintenance renewal rates, we're not talking subs in renewal rates anymore, but if we were the maintenance renewal rates have held up very nicely in that space. And so we continue to see both success with conversions. I said that on the - during the script that was in the range that it had been historically, of those that convert the upsell, the collections continues to be good. We're down to at this point just short of 700,000 maintenance customers left, and that I'm super pleased. We started this with a little more than 2 million maintenance subs, and we've now moved all but at about 700,000 over to product subscription. I think this year is the year where we'll see a lot more of the remainder move over. So what I would - my expectations is we'll continue to see good success with that moving over. And of those that elect to say - to stay what we have seen is the minus renewal rates are holding up nicely.
Scott Herren: No. I think you nailed it. That's - We - the customer success team under Ray has actually done really nice job so far, and one of the things we mentioned Jay in the in the opening commentary is that our net revenue retention rate has stayed right in the range that we talked about at Investor Day. Last year, all year, it was in that approximately 110% to 120% range, and it stayed right there again in Q1. So Ray and his team are off to a really good start.
Scott Herren: Sure. On the second one, it's interesting, Heather, of course what you see showing up in long-term deferred, the sequential growth. There's some of the success we're having in - having multi-year payments get closer to the mean that they had been in historically. We're still not quite there, right? So there's still a little more headroom in long-term deferred to get to what we talked about at Investor Day as that being kind of a low 20% range. If you look at the growth rate year-on-year, the long-term deferred grew 12%, short-term deferred actually grew 21% year-on-year. So we're seeing really nice performance as you'd expect when you see the billings line grow the way it as has. We're seeing really nice performance across the deferred revenue spectrum. When you add in unbilled, total deferred revenue grew 24% year-on-year. So it was obviously strong billings quarter that led to both good revenue results, but in particular, strong growth in deferred.
Scott Herren: Sure. Construction is such a massive opportunity for us Matt, it won't surprise you to hear that we rotate a lot of investment into it. Coming on the heels of the acquisitions we did in the fourth quarter, we've also increased spend in each of those. It wasn't the normal buy them and go through a bit of a downsizing, we've actually done the reverse. We've acquired those companies, integrated them nicely into Autodesk and at the same time increased the investment in construction. So great results out of the gate as Andrew mentioned in the opening commentary, and I think you can expect to see us at this level of performance, and what the market really beginning to turn this direction, you can expect to see us continue to invest in construction.
Scott Herren: Yes. Sterling on the - you're talking about the maintenance to subscription program that we're - that we just began or if you remember, we started that program actually kind of middle of Q2 a couple of years ago. So we just began the third year of that. And at the third year, what we have said then and just went into effect at the beginning of May is the cost to convert - the price to convert would go up by 5%, the price through renew maintenance from last year, the price through new maintenance have got up 20%. So both of those increases went into effect in early May. So we're sitting three weeks into that right now, not expecting to see any significant change in terms of renewal rate. I do think at this point, it probably becomes a lot more attractive for those that have gone under maintenance, to actually make the conversion. Through the first quarter what we saw in conversion rates, as they kind of held in at that roughly a third that are converting at about the point of renewal. We'll see now with the difference in - pretty significant difference in price. We'll see how that goes in this quarter and through the end of the year.
Scott Herren: So we did see and we referred to this a little bit in the opening commentary, Hamza. We did see a little bit of early renew activity, but really the same percent that we've seen historically. So if you add up our total sales what percent were early renews where you'd see people trying to front run the price increases earlier renews. So as we looked at that, it was really in line from a percentage basis with what we've seen historically. So I don't - I'm not anticipating any change or any kind of an impact to the full year model from that. Having said that, the change we made on multi-user pricing was really to do a better job capturing the value of what we're shipping with that you've seen us make kind of incremental changes in multi-user now for a couple of - couple of years in a row. And it's to better align the price with the value that's being delivered on multi-user.
