Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, Phil thanks. Look like we said we're seeing strength across all the geographies and all the industries everyone's growing well, and everyone is signaling an intention to keep buying. So right now we don't see signs of a slowdown in anyone's purchasing activity. And we probably told you previously many times that we watch the AutoCAD and LT revenue streams fairly carefully to see if we see any signs those grew 36% year-over-year. So they're still robust and strong. So right now all the industries we look in Phil they're all showing signs of a continued growth. So nothing slowing down right now.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Saket that's a really good question. I mean, I think you probably know that PlanGrid current pricing strategy is basically packets that have unlimited project access, unlimited number of sheets that are being accessed. So they have a nail gun, dozer and clean kind of purchase level. We have named user models. We also have a project based model and then we have the pay per use EBA model. One of the things that's important to recognize about the construction ecosystem is projects involve multiple people participating on trying to create an outcome. And generally speaking, what people want to do is get as many people into the project using the software as possible. And they want to do it in a predictable and economical way. So you've seen lots of models being played within the space.  One is the project based model where people charge you as a percent of the project value and every project they add, they keep charging you more. We found that model to be very problematic as you get deeper and deeper into your customers’ business because the customers basically start to push back and this idea of paying more and more based on the number of projects you're putting into the ecosystem. Named user bundles are attractive because you can essentially, pay charge discounted pricing for thousands of users at once. You'll probably see that showing up in the PlanGrid model moving forward. And you mentioned lastly, the notion of paper used pricing. So imagine being able to sign up for a project and just pay for what you use as you go along through the project. You'll probably see us start to experiment with those things as we move out in the later years. At the very least PlanGrid over a period of time, we'll start integrating with our EBA model. And our EBA customers will be able to do pay per use models. So looking forward, start to imagine the plan grid models lining up with some of the models we already have and start seeing us looking at more kind of paper use type models as we move into bigger and bigger project ecosystems.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, initially with PlanGrid and BuildingConnected we're leaving the sales teams intact so we can maintain the momentum in each of those businesses. So they will flow and they will be consolidated obviously with our total results, but they'll flow in through their own sales teams. I expect to see -- for the full year I expect to see those billings come driving somewhere around the mid-single digits of our year-on-year billings growth. So, it's a notable amount of billings growth for the year. The one exception to that is we will have the PlanGrid sales also incorporated to our named accounting, the people that sell on to our largest customers sell the EBAs. They'll also be selling PlanGrid. So a little bit it coming from our own sales team the remainder will continue to come through the sales teams that are there. And we are investing by the way to grow those sales teams post-acquisition.
Andrew Anagnost: Heather you actually hit on something, back in the suites days we did lots of cross selling promotions around suites. We've done very few if any, around collections, which is a really big difference between that program and what we're doing now. And I think it talks to the maturity of the model and its connection with subscriptions. Now on your construction comments with regards to competitive dynamics, we’ve kind of surged into these acquisitions, really pleased with what we're seeing, we feel like we've consolidated I think pretty broad and exceptional solution. And it's right on track with some of our long term strategic objectives.  So when we go and talk to customers right now the conversation isn’t really about competitors it’s about okay what’s going to happen with the PlanGrid roadmap, what’s going to happen with the BIM 360 roadmap, how are you going to get the building information more entrenched into my processes. So our conversations with customers are excitement about what we’re doing, not about what our competitors are doing, which is a really great conversation to have. And I just want to remind you a couple of things so that you kind of get a good sense for what we’re doing here with regards to both PlanGrid and BuildingConnected we acquired these companies and we did not changed their run rate with regard to R&D we didn’t change the run rate at all. In fact, we’ve layered more R&D investment into PlanGrid and into BIM 360. So what we’re doing is we’re accelerating the roadmaps of both of those products with much more targeting. So PlanGrid is going to focus a lot more on site execution and the things associated with that execution. BIM 360 is going to focus a lot more on project management and project flow these are two incredibly sharp teams that are just going to kill it with what we’ve been able to do with the acceleration we’re layering in. That’s why you’re seeing things like construction IQ coming out right now, which we’re really excited about because it’s completely differentiated in the market. That’s using data that only we have to aggregated layer machine learning on and actually provide predictive outcomes of what could possibly happen in a construction project moving forward. Nobody has that kind of stuff. So you’re seeing a surge ahead of the competition, not lose any momentum at all. This is a big area for us and we’re taking it really seriously and we’re investing more.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so Jay, this is actually something really exciting I can comment with regarding to infrastructure. It doesn’t get a lot of news, but what’s happening now is that every new purchase of a single user license that happens out there in the market whether it happens from a partner or directly to us is going into a completely new backend that is serial number three.  So all of our customers that buy these single user licenses that used to manage large spreadsheet for serial numbers that is all gone. So they are actually buying licenses that are completely identity based and that is a powerful lubricant to how our customers manage and use Autodesk software.  Now at the same time the existing licenses they have that are sitting on the old model serial number base are being progressively migrated over to the new system. So by the end of the year every single user license is going to be sitting on this new system and serial numbers are gone from our single user business. Now if you know anything about how people manage our software, this is a non-value added activity that sucks lots of time in dollars away from managing a relationship with Autodesk that is getting removed. And that is a direct results of the investment we’ve made in the digital infrastructure. You’re going to see similar moves as we look at how we do multi user licensing in the future that’s something I’ll save for another day. Now the other thing that we’re able to do and you’re going to see it coming out more and more is usage analysis and it’s not just for our EBAs, but we’re actually going to be projecting usage behavior back to our customers so they can see who’s using what and to what degree the software is getting utilized. Now that will allow them to better control their relationship with Autodesk, it will allow us to better understand what they’re using and what we can recommend to them next. So this year is a big year for lighting up infrastructure changes that we’ve been investing in over the last 18 months and customers are going to see real benefits Jay these are not trivial changes in the way they manage their relationship with Autodesk. So we’re actually pretty excited about it.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, we are dead serious about having every aspect of Autodesk be completely digital. End-to-end from the customer’s first touch to when they get the product, to when they use the product and when we provide layered automations on top of them. We manage and deal with mountains of data from our customers.  So for instance, what you heard about the chief architect role there that’s all about making sure that the infrastructure we're building behind the scenes takes that data from cradle to grave so it adds value to the customer in every single touch point. And does it in such a way that it's highly trusted, high integrity, the data is used in the service to the customer, not in the service of anyone else. So those roles, what you're seeing is basically how we're translating the maturity of our investment into new types of automation activity. And we're just looking at, hey, we need this talent set, we need this talent set, in order to layer on this automation. So we're hiring to our roadmap is what we're doing. And you're going to see more of that and frankly we're getting really interesting people coming on board that are interested in some of these positions. So very astute observation and yes, you are correct that pre-stages other types of automation and activities that are yet to come from us, which we believe are kind of game changing in our industry.
Andrew Anagnost: So, Gal let me tell it to you -- this is Andrew let me say just a couple of things well nobody's growing at 29% in the manufacturing segment right now, right. That kind of growth is sure taking besides us. All right, so, we -- and by the way, the reason you're seeing that growth is we talked a lot about year-over-year compare that people were questioning for a while because we were retiring some manufacturing products. So we were actually taking revenue out of the system as we retire and consolidate some products. Mostly consolidating some of those products into the Fusion stack and into the Fusion platform, so now what you're seeing is the compares that actually show it was sitting underneath all of that. And you're seeing robust growth in our manufacturing segments. What you're also probably seeing if you're looking around in various forms of it, Fusion is really on fire. It's really in terms of user growth, probably the fastest growing platform in the industry right now. And we're happy with where it's at right now. What you're seeing is this exploration of what we've integrated into the platform with generative design, people are poking into this and using it in ways that frankly, we didn't really foresee and I'll give you some examples. There's traditional hardline manufacturers that are using the generative capability inside of Fusion to kind of explore a series of design options that would traditionally kind of have been 3d printed natively and then what they're doing is saying wow, this is a better than I ever had, and they turned it into enrollment. So they're actually using the capability inside of Fusion to explore design space they never explore it before. And they're doing it with constraints in their manufacturing methods and other things and then turning it into solutions that they can use right now with traditional methods they have. Really unique workflows, really unique things. Stay tuned, I think we've been very clear with you and construction was the first priority. We've established a strong construction portfolio, we’re happy with what we've got there. In terms of major acquisitions we’re done. But as you look over the next 12 to 18 months, watch this space, you're going to see it start making the kinds of organic and inorganic moves in the manufacturing space that just accelerate the leadership position we already feel like we have.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, for the foreseeable future, you're going to see PlanGrid continue to be sold standalone. We do -- we are rolling out a program where if a partner find the deal, they get a commission on the deal, they get a finder's fee essentially for being participating in the deal, but PlanGrid is going to continue to sell directly. We are also looking at ways to appropriately create offerings that combined capabilities from BIM 360 and PlanGrid where customers might be confused about which solution is best and stay tuned, you'll see some of that. But for the most part, we're letting this solution run and continue on its own. Remember, PlanGrid reached into a part of the construction ecosystem that we weren't spending a lot of time on either were our partners frankly, okay. So we're actually deeper into the construction chain than we were before and we're letting them continue to go into that chain, renew their deals and actually find new deals and that will continue. But we're definitely going to make sure that our partner if they find something we want them to tell us about it. We want to make sure they make some money of it.
Andrew Anagnost: I think, Zane you're actually hitting on something that's important to discuss. People think that Revit is already like fully matured and penetrating the market, it’s actually still very much the early kind of majority type market for Revit adoption. We are actually seeing massive growth in Revit usage, Revit adoption. That's why I highlighted the increasing visibility of Revit skills is one of the skills that’s important moving forward into the years. Revit has got a long way to go in terms of growth. And it really is the new engine of how architecture and building design is going to be done. And it's not even begun, its journey very much into the infrastructure space. So look for Revit to keep going and going and going and watch how the skills referenced on Revit climbs up that list from where it is today well into the top 10. That's just to be expected, especially in Europe where Revit adoption is taking off from the very early stages. It was much more mature in the U.S.
Andrew Anagnost: Our enterprise customers almost all buy it through EBAs. So they get access through the EBAs. It doesn't hurt that the collections have Revit insight so the users can immediately start moving projects to Revit. But frankly, the big driving force for Revit has a little to do with how we package our software. There's a couple of things that are driving it. One the return, you heard from those customers in New York. They basically see a fairly significant return. Owners in particular see a significant return and are more and more starting to mandate BIM for particular projects. Governments are doing it, owners developers are doing it, people are just starting to expect BIM to be part of the process because they're seeing the ROI. That is more of a secular driver in terms of where things are going, this kind of digitization of the whole design to construction process, then how we package our software and sell it.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So just to put it all in scale, right? We have 18 million users of our products worldwide, there's 404 million subscribers. So can you can kind of see there's a big delta between users and subscribers right now. Now, the way we look at this, especially in mature markets is we look at people, who are using the software and maybe have a few illegal copies or few illegal serial numbers inside their environment and we go and we have conversations with them. For the most part, when you hear about big deals like that, that was somebody that was probably really stretching the limits of what was legal with regards to our software. Long-term what you're going to see with this whole entire process.  And like I said, I've said this over and over again on calls, there's no big surge that's going to happen at any one point as a matter of fact, if we tried to create a big surge, I actually think what we do is create a big backlash. All right. What's you're going to see is a gradual kind of continuing add and penetration to that 18 million user base as we add more capability in the products to help us understand. who's using the licenses validly who isn't.  And also as user start to realize that it's better to be part of the legal ecosystem than it is to be part of the invalid ecosystem. So just continue to see that momentum overtime. Don't expect big spikes, deals like what you just described, are not the norm. So I want to make sure that we're clear on that. But as we -- especially as we move into fiscal 2021 and 2022, where we're getting further and further down from our last perpetual release, and we move more and more in pure named user licensing as a company you're just going to see more and more of these people coming into the paid ecosystem.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so one of the areas were we're paying attention to Keith -- was Keith right. No it was actually Tom. Okay. And one of the areas we’re paying attention to Tom is moving very quickly and making it clear where the focus areas of those two products are. We've already kind of internally established that. PlanGrid is absolutely focused on site execution, and all the things that make site execution just awesome. And they are incredibly talented at, as Tracy [ph] likes to say, beautiful, simple software that helps people be more productive, and we're doubling down on that for them. So all of the additional R&D investment we’ve put in there is all going to accelerate their site execution roadmap. And customers are going to start to see that very quickly and start to understand, okay, so the site execution stuff that I saw in BIM 360 I am going to see more of it in PlanGrid and I'm going to see these things kind of expand out. What we've done on the BIM 360 side is we've been very focused with that team of aligning them around project management and project management capabilities. And there have been gaps that our customers have been asking for, for quite a while around project management and project flow capabilities. And they're going to see an acceleration of those capabilities inside of BIM 360.  So we move very, very quickly based on our own analysis, pre-acquisition and some of our post-acquisition moves to be very clear with the R&D organizations where they should run and how fast they should run in those areas. Customers will start to see that and we're already starting to communicate some of this to our customers. And I think they're starting to understand it as being not only the right thing to do, but intuitively makes sense.
Andrew Anagnost: Well, I -- Ken the one thing I’d says anybody who works in the AEC space is a target for our construction portfolio. When you look at our strategy, our strategy is to connect the end to end flow from the early design process all the way through down to site execution and essentially get the building information model and the data that's attached to it moving through that entire process. So basically, our entire AEC ecosystem is a target for some part of this construction staff be it BIM 360 design all the way through to PlanGrid and all the way through the BuildingConnected on the bidding side. So we see a fairly open field with regards to who we’re targeting. Now, what was the second part of your question, I just wanted to -- since you were saying…
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so excellent point, Ken. So look, what I'll do is I'll tell you about what happened in the last downturn. And I'll tell you about the sense of urgency that construction customers have around digitization. So in the last downturn construction, IT spend, continue to increase even though that downturn hit construction incredibly hard. And the reason for that is very simple, the most digital vendor or the most digital contractor won, because they were able to more accurately predict what their total costs were going to be able to do. They were able to get their bids in tighter, they were able to basically manage their costs better. So digitization wins. The whole ecosystem and construction understands this right now. It's an imperative across almost all of our customers at this point. They're all looking to figure out how they can digitize their workflows, how they can extract more efficiency, how they can get more accuracy, reduce project risk, manage the timelines, reduce safety risks, that continues to be a highly visible aspect of this. So we anticipate that even in a downturn construction IT spend is going to go up. And we're super excited about things like what we're doing with construction IQ, where we're actually using some of the data that we collect from our customers to provide predictive outcomes, which is going to become more and more valuable. So digitization wins, all of our customers know that and we anticipate the spend can continue even to a downturn.
Scott Herren: Yes, Phil from a revenue standpoint AEC growth was 35% for the quarter, that’s quite sequentially. So AEC has been strong for us all year continue to be strong manufacturing growth actually picked up from 20% in Q3 to 29% in the quarter we just closed. So we're seeing, if anything we're seeing in staying hard and get stronger.
Scott Herren: Yes, so I think we'll continue to see the same trends that we’ve seen in ARPS. The long-term drivers of our ARPS growth are still in place. That's the shift -- that continued shift to industry collections obviously drives on our subs we gave you some stats in the opening commentary that the industry collections are now 28% of our total product subscription base which is huge. So that's driving ARPS subs I think that trend continues. We'll see higher net from a continuing growth in the renewal base and renewals come to us at higher net price. We’ll see the continued shift to direct sales, which also comes to us at a higher price. And then smaller pricing changes and less discounting. So some of the core trends that we saw driving it and we talked about it last Investor Day and we saw it driving it this year. Those things will continue in the fiscal 2020.
Scott Herren: The only thing Heather to the question of what's driving that? Why is it going faster than suites? So we've talked in the past about a lot of work that was done to simplify from suites that were several different suites and each had three different versions a good, better, best version down to three. And I think that simplicity has made it not only easier to sell and more efficient for our sales team and our channel partners, it has made it easier to buy on the buy side. So I think that's the biggest driver behind it. There's always an occasional promo, there's nothing we've done explicit to try to drive this much faster. I would say at the point of conversion, as Andrew just talked about, when you convert from maintenance to product subscription, that is a very attractive price point. At that point to go from individual products over to collections. That's why we're seeing that upgrade hitting that next 25% to 30% of those eligible or actually taking advantage of it and go into a collection from a single call.
Scott Herren: Yes, Gal it's a great question. If you fill back the guidance was 9% total spend growth for the year. And if you fill that back, it's about two points organic. So maintaining kind of the cost discipline that we've had. But of course you layer on what Andrew just talked about in the -- not just the organic growth, but also the investments we will make in those businesses. That's another 7 points of spin growth overall. I think that's probably not a bad range to think. As you look further than beyond fiscal 2021 to 2021 through 2023 that's probably not a high-single digits is probably not a bad rates think about going forward. It all depends on how -- what opportunities are out there and what's going to drive the long-term top line growth for the company.
Scott Herren: Sure. On the cloud side the biggest drivers of the -- organically of the cloud subs continue to be BIM 360 is number one and driving the biggest chunk of that growth Fusion 360 would be second and then there's a handful of smaller products beyond that Shotgun is in there, AutoCAD 360 is in there. But those two drive the majority of the cloud subs adds. The ARPS growth is in line with our expectations for the BIM 360 product set and on BIM 360 we also made a price change on it recently. Quarter and half ago we made a price change on Fusion 360. So you'll begin to see that price increase start to float its way through into the cloud ARPS as well. So I feel pretty good about where we are in the cloud side and you can see the inorganic contribution in the slide deck that we posted you could see it there was also a positive to the cloud ARPS for the quarter.
Scott Herren: Yeah. So we didn't spend a lot of time breaking that out we said that point of acquisition with PlanGrid that it would drive, we expected it to drive about $100 million in ARR this year. And that's consistent with what's built into the guidance that we gave, I broke out the spend it was between the two of them, they drove 7 points of spend growth year-on-year. So you can do the math of what that looks like. That's probably about as much as we've done. The other thing as you're doing your own calculations and I saw in some of the previous notes people trying to do the calculation. The other thing just to bear in mind is that the swing in interest the foreground interest on the cash spent and the added interest expense for the $500 million short-term loan agreement, we picked up.  So all-in-all it’s a slight headwind on EPS for fiscal 2018, it’s slight headwind for us on free cash flow for fiscal 2020, but we feel good about being able to contain it.
Scott Herren: Yes, it is one of the contributors. There are several things obviously that drive the cash flow growth year-on-year from -- well we posted $310 million of free cash flow this year, but remember that included about $130 million of one-time cash outflows tied to the restructuring that we announced a year ago and the exit tax and moving our European hub out of Munich [ph] into Dublin. So the three candidates actually understand reflects $130 million of one-time payment that won't repeat themselves in the fiscal 2020. There mainly the growth is the two things we talked about is net income and you can back into the net income increase year-on-year from the guidance points we gave you, but net income grow strongly driven by top line growth. And then billings growth, and it will grow for all the reasons we've talked about in ARPS, an element of it is multi-year, which is what you're touching on. We reintroduced the 10% discount for three year paid up front multi-year products subs. We hadn't previously offered any discount on that, although we did still have some multi-year sales of it. There was no discount. We reintroduced that in Q4. And if you noticed, I know it's a busy night for you guys. But if you look at our balance sheet, you'll see our long-term deferred actually grew for the first time in seven quarters as we saw pretty good uptake. People buying that three year product subscription deal. So we expect to see that continue to grow next year and get back into the range that its historically been. And think from a -- in terms of what long-term will represent of our total deferred revenue, we think it gets back into that 20% to 21% range that we talked about at Investor Day last year.
Scott Herren: And Matt, we have our Investor Day at the end of March, actually a month from today March 28 here in San Francisco. This is what obviously one of the topics that we’ll update everyone on. And give you a sense not just for the numbers, but more importantly the things we're doing the changes we're making in both process and in the product to go after chasing that opportunity.
Scott Herren: No, it is, as we've said in the past, we've focused much more on driving top line growth and driving ARR than we have on driving the individual component of that. I feel really good about the continued strength in collections, not just at the point of migration from maintenance over to product subs, which is continuing to stay strong. But also on new sales, we see industry collections at this point at 28% of our total products subscription install base. It's a -- it's run faster than we expected to get to that point.
Scott Herren: Yes, Ken what we all talked about is we expect ARR to be in that 100 million range and that is what's factored into the guidance for fiscal 2020. I think what I'd add though to the first part of your question of who are we targeting, one of the things that we're excited about when we got PlanGrid was not just the technology which is beautiful, simple, easy to use, which is what's required in that site execution phase. They also have a strong base and a part of the ecosystem, the construction ecosystem that we didn't have a lot of touch points to which was the subcontractors and the trades. So it’s not just selling to our existing customer set in construction which we obviously will continue to do. We also got a nice beachhead with PlanGrid into a part of the construction ecosystem we didn't previously touch. And BuildingConnected by the way brings that same thing, if you look at what BuildingConnected does, it connects general contractors to trades into the subcontractors into the people below them. So it's actually a nice expansion of the people that we can target with our construction solutions.
