Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Autodesk's strong financial and competitive performance in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 is again a testament to three enduring strengths: resilience, discipline, and opportunity. In a more challenging macroeconomic, policy and geopolitical environment, our resilient business model, and geographic, product and customer diversification, enabled us to deliver 12% revenue growth in constant currency, healthy margins, and record first quarter free cash flow. Leading indicators remained consistent with last quarter with product usage growing modestly, bid activity on BuildingConnected again at record levels, and continued cautious optimism from channel partners. Consistent with year-over-year economic momentum, we saw new subscription growth decelerate in North America and accelerate in EMEA. But our customers remain committed to transformation and to Autodesk, leveraging automation more as they see headwinds from the economy and supply chains. That commitment is reflected in larger, broader and more strategic partnerships, improving renewal rates, consistent net revenue retention, and growing adoption and usage of our products within EBAs; all of which helped drive 12% growth in current RPO and 15% growth in total RPO. While macroeconomics are unpredictable in the short-term, we are executing our strategy through the economic cycle with disciplined and focused capital deployment, underpinned by one of the best growth, margin, and balance sheet profiles in the industry. This enables Autodesk to remain well invested to realize the significant benefits of its strategy, while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments later. Discipline and focus also mean making sure we are investing in the right places. This is a constant process of optimization and improvement with increased vigilance during periods of macroeconomic uncertainty to prioritize investment and recruitment. As you heard at our recent Investor Day, we are deploying next-generation technology and services and end-to-end digital transformation within and between the industries we serve and, in so doing, shifting Autodesk from products to capabilities. Our AEC industry cloud, Forma, launched on May 8, is a great example of our vision. During pre-release trials, customers like CUBE 3 clearly saw how Autodesk Forma's intuitive user interface enabled rapid adoption by existing and new users; how bi-directional data flows enhanced the value of other Autodesk products like Revit; and how a single, integrated environment in the cloud, enhanced by AI, accelerated modeling and response times while significantly enhancing the value delivered to its customers. While using Forma during its trial, CUBE 3 delivered more creative and valuable designs to its customers while reducing the concept design phase by 50% or more. At Investor Day, I also talked about leveraging our key growth enablers, including business model evolution, customer experience evolution, and convergence between industries, to provide more and better choices for our customers. Our Flex consumption model is a good example of this. Flex's consumption pricing means existing and new customers can try new products with less friction, and also enables Autodesk to better serve infrequent users. Not surprisingly, the lion's share of the business has come from new customers or existing customers expanding their relationship with Autodesk. As Steve said at our Investor Day, we've also introduced a new transaction model for Flex, which will give Autodesk a more direct relationship with our customers and more closely integrate with our channel partners over time. During the quarter, Flex moved up into the top 10 products on our e-store, and we signed our first million-dollar Flex deal. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. Our transformation from products to capabilities will enable us to forge broader, trusted and more durable partnerships with more customers; gives Autodesk a longer runway of growth and free cash flow generation; and enables a better world designed and built for all. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to update you on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Jay, that's a great question. So, one of the things that I'll say like first upfront is why are we exploring some of these things. And it's a great example of what we're doing with Flex in particular. We're doing these things because our customers get a much more instant on self-service like experience kind of more like an e-store experience from all their transactions. But they also get the added bonus of support that local and connected to them through their VARs. They get service and other types of supports from their VARs locally. It also allows us to really get a lot of visibility about what their usage patterns are, how they're using the product, and then also share that visibility with our partners and other people so that we can understand these customers better. So, there's lots of great things about it. But more importantly, rolling out kind of changes like that and exploring these kinds of new models and something like Flex, which is a lower volume offering right now, those doing quite well, gives us a lot of opportunity to learn a lot of things and work through a lot of things. Debbie, why don't you talk specifically about some of the things that we've been learning from Flex as we've been working through all of these new transaction models.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So the way -- the vector that we have into that space right now is through Tandem. And the best way to talk about that is the increase in people using more modeling assets in Tandem and the monthly active usage rates that are going associated with that, we're starting to see very nice pickup with that. We're engaging with a series of owner-level customers on direct collaborations in terms of how Tandem serves some of their needs, where it has development requirements to serve some additional needs. So, we've got a lot of really good customer engagement, which is definitely where you'd expect to be at this point in the process. So, we're really happy with the progress here and we're happy with the level of engaging with Tandem. Tandem is getting a lot of visibility, a lot of interest and a lot of focus with owners, but also with people that serve owners that want digital twins and things associated with digital twins from, say, other types of vendors.
Andrew Anagnost: No, it was consistent with what we were seeing in our monthly active user trends. That's how the monthly active user trends are so good at predictive behavior. We kind of expected a slight decrease in velocity in the Americas and more of an increase in Europe. So, it's consistent with the indicators we see and it's consistent with the indicators moving forward as well.
Andrew Anagnost: So, yes, first let's be very clear. We've been talking about AI for a long time, all right? And we've been building machine learning models into our application for a while now. So, there's already significant velocity inside of Autodesk conversations. What's changed is ChatGPT created a version of AI that everybody understood. So, we're all now having a common conversation about what AI can and cannot do and how it functions as a [indiscernible] or an assistant or a co-creator in these processes. So, make no bones about it, we've been working on these things for a while. This isn't a course and speed change for us. And I want to be super clear about that. Now, like I said, we've been in Construction IQ. Space Maker is no longer a product anymore, it's Forma now, which we rolled out, which even has more enhanced underpinnings or associated with machine learning. You probably -- if you follow what we do in our AI Lab, we published a lot of work on kind of fairly advanced things around large models and things that you can do with creating 3D models and representations using machine learning. So, we've been out there with this for a while. What it does allow us to do, it had a very meaningful customers about -- conversation with our customers about "Look, we've been telling you that this was going to be a cocreation technology. Take a look at what you're seeing out there with the large language models and the things that you're getting from OpenAI and see how this kind of can be evolved to creating 3D building information models, more complex models, complex design, sustainability decisions, optionality, all the things associated in some of the things you're seeing inside of Forma." So, the customers now get it. They kind of get the connection between what we're doing and what we said it was going to do in the future, because there's an example here that everybody understands. And I think that's super powerful. So, it's current course and speed for us. We're going to be probably speeding up a little bit on some of our work with more larger and complex models, but this is something we've been doing for a while.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, it's a good question the way you phrased that around incremental catalysts. I think actually the rising adoption is becoming its own catalysts in many respect. I mean, obviously, we're continuing to see good growth in construction. We're seeing solid adoption. We're seeing really significant adoption in our EBA account. And adoption tends to lead to more adoption, because the people who adopt these technologies and start using these technologies on a regular basis tend to have higher bid precision, higher bid accuracy, tend to be able to execute more effectively during the projects, manage cost better and all things associated with that. And that's a flywheel effect, because if you're better able to manage the cost of the project, you're better able to estimate the next project, bid on that project and win an envelope that preserves your margins. So that is kind of the biggest thing that's going on right now out there in the industry is the flywheel effect. There's no kind of generational catalyst that's yet coming in here. But I will tell you there's one other thing that's persistently out there that's driving people to look towards technology, and it's they can't hire people, all right? More and more, they are not able to fully staff their sites and their jobs to the level that they were in the past. So, they need these productivity gains from technology. And it's between that and the flywheel of competition, there's kind of a momentum here that I don't see slowing down.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So, let me address the next part of the question. Kind of the answer to your BuildingConnected question kind of both, all right? BuildingConnected certainly active. There's lots of activity going on there. But remember, it's the trend that matters. So, if the trends continue to indicate a large degree of bid activity, that means there's a large degree of bid activity out in the ecosystem. And what also is important to recognize is, our customers and especially in the AEC land, they're still working through backlogs. I mean, every customer I talk to has the same issue or same opportunity, however you want to look at it, that they still have to work through their backlog, they're still having trouble getting enough people to get the projects moving at the right kind of pace and so on and so forth. So there's still a backlog out there. But the trend on bid activity is real and it absolutely represents what's going on in the U.S. market in particular. Now with regards to deceleration and rebound in Q2 around volume, there was no hotspot, right? It was kind of uniformly the same across the board, right? So, it was more kind of dynamics of the business rather than any kind of particular hotspot.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So let me talk a little bit about [FedRAMP] (ph) here. So we've submitted all our paperwork. Our systems are ready. Autodesk systems are already for FedRAMP. We're just waiting for the government to come back and give us the approval and move forward. So, that's all proceeding ahead for us. We're waiting for the government to respond now at this point. With regards to the debt ceiling, I'm not really going to speculate on the debt ceiling. I would say that I think the things that impact us are bipartisan priorities. These are things that both parties want. Infrastructure and the things associated with that, they all want this. So, I would suspect the things that matter a lot to Autodesk and to Autodesk business are probably not going to be impacted by all the activity going on in D.C. right now.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first, let me kind of clarify exactly what we did. So, we merged the independent construction team with the mainline sales team inside the company. And we had kind of a few goals in mind there. One, we wanted to get a little bit more emphasis on the territory business that covers all of our business. And we wanted to make sure that we were focused not only on pure construction accounts, but design and construction accounts where we actually have pretty significant competitive advantage and there's a lot of opportunity. So this just kind of sharpened the pencil on kind of pursuing those opportunities in kind of a concerted way and kind of getting all the energy behind one effort. And we're pretty confident that, that's exactly what we're going to get. But of course, when you do that, sales reps get new accounts, people get moved from accounts, so they'll get new responsibilities. So it creates a little bit of short-term disruption. We absolutely expect that to work its way out over the next quarter or two. And we expect it to kind of compound benefits from doing us moving forward.
Andrew Anagnost: I'll let Debbie answer the second half of that, but let me talk more broadly about what's going on in the AEC sector. With everything in these sectors, there's always puts and takes, right? And what you see is one sector sees some kind of decline in activity, nobody is building new office buildings or whatever. And in other cases, some people are seeing increases in activity. And that's exactly what we're seeing. I'll give you a classic example of what goes on in this environment. So, people are pulling back from office space right now, pretty significantly downsizing their offices. And as a result, what's happening is that there's more competition for getting people to sign leases for new office space. So what that's leading to is a kind of modernization of office space to accommodate new ways of working or to attract the best renters. And people are spending money on that, which is offsetting money being spent in other places. And we've taken all of this into account as we look forward into our business throughout the year. So that kind of gives you a sense for how billings shift around and how money moves around and what our relative sensitivity as to some of these things. A lot of these indicators you talked about, they kind of tell you what's already happened, not what's going to happen necessarily. That's why we like to pay attention to kind of our leading indicators around monthly active usage of the products. Now, I'll turn it over to Debbie to discuss the other part of your question.
Andrew Anagnost: I think it's going to be a little bit of both, all right? In some cases, we're going to be delivering significantly more value to certain types of customers and we expect to charge for that value. In other cases, it's going to be a massive productivity enhancement for customers, and those customers are going to use that productivity to get more business, increase their book of business and it will be a competitive advantage for Autodesk. So it's a little bit of a mix of both, all right? But either way, we're going to be helping customers be a lot more efficient in one area and be much more creative in other areas in terms of designing what they need to do and how they need to design things.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, overall, our leading indicators remain broadly the same as what we saw last quarter. We saw usage grow modestly. We saw record bid activity on BuildingConnected. We continue to see cautious optimism from our channel partners. New subscriber growth decelerated a bit quarter-over-quarter, but renewal rates improved. Also like last quarter, Europe was a bit better, the U.S. was a bit worse, Asia was about the same. So, net-net, the overall momentum of the business was somewhat similar to what we saw last quarter with some puts and takes. It's all in line with the guidance expectations for the year and it's consistent with macro trends. Current RPO growth is a good forward indicator for you. It was the same as last quarter at 12% growth. And as we've said before, the business is going to grow faster in better environments and slower in more uncertain environments, but our goal continues to be to set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and beyond.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, Q1 free cash flow was strong for a couple of reasons. First, cash collections from the last month of billings in fiscal '23 were strong. Second, we also saw favorable linearity and early renewals in Q1 that were driven by the end of multi-year build upfront. And then, third, as I mentioned on the call, after the winter storms in California, we received a federal tax payment extension for the third quarter. Our overall expectations for free cash flow on the year, including linearity, are unchanged. We still expect that we're going to generate about half of our free cash flow in the second half of the year, with heavier weighting to Q4. Some of the factors to think about across Q2, Q3 and Q4, we have the full quarter impact from the switch to annual billings. In Q2, remember that we had some early renewal billings that were pulled into Q1. And then with that tax payment extension to Q3, that has a positive impact to free cash flow in Q1 and Q2, but a negative offset in Q3. But overall, I just would reiterate that our expectations are unchanged and that we expect to generate about half of that free cash flow in the second half of the year.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Yes. So, as Andrew mentioned, we launched this Flex agency model in Q1. We have learned a lot. Some of the things that we've been learning are things like the importance of driving a seamless vendor setup process. These are situations where customers will have to set up Autodesk as a vendor as opposed to a partner. We're getting insights and learnings around -- by having access to more data, and we're able to better forecast with having that access to better data. So, like Andrew mentioned, as with anything in this area, we're focused on testing and learning as we go. We want to make sure that we have scalable processes for all stakeholders and the ecosystem, and we'll continue to keep doing that.
Debbie Clifford: That's an excellent question, Jay. I mean, the view that I talked about from Investor Day hasn't changed much, granted our Investor Day wasn't very long ago, so that's a good thing. But we're going to be looking to continue to drive volume from all the different areas or growth vectors that we have. So, things like our investments in AEC, the proliferation of BIM, expansion and infrastructure, driving more growth from construction. I think what was interesting for us this quarter was really seeing continued strengthening of our renewal rate, because, ultimately, with higher renewal rates, that becomes a net volume driver for us. And that really goes down to the investments that we've been making in our customer success teams, who are really doing an excellent job of driving those renewal rates up, driving success with our customers, because that's a really important part of keeping the volume engine going at Autodesk. So, those are some initial thoughts, Jay.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, uncertainty really just is the new normal. I think we're all living this. Since we last reported earnings, we've seen a bunch of stuff happen. There was a major regional bank crisis. We're seeing deadlock discussions about the debt ceiling in Congress. The Fed, just a few weeks ago, acknowledged that those things could have an impact on the economy, but so they didn't know how. We're in the same boat. But it's very important to us to deliver on our margin goal. So, it's against that backdrop that we're taking a prudent approach to how we manage the business, that means tightening the belt a bit. So, in Q1, we did some repurposing of roles to allow us to reinvest. And in Q2 and onward, we proactively taken steps to slow the pace of our hiring to ensure that we don't get ahead of ourselves on spend in light of this continued macro uncertainty. And we think that slowing spending earlier in the year provides more investment flexibility versus trying to slow spending later in the year. Again, our goal continues to be to set ourselves up for success since fiscal '24 and the long term.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, thanks. So, the biggest factor driving the sub growth that we saw in Q1 was actually the end of sale of the multi-year upfront contracts. So, Andrew mentioned it at the top of this Q&A session, but remember that the demand pattern that we saw during the quarter was impacted by that end of sale. Before the launch, we saw higher volume. And then, post launch, demand was lighter. That's typical of what we see when we launch programs like this to the market. But what it meant was that, on a net basis, the new piece of our business decelerated as we headed out of the quarter. So, Andrew also mentioned that over the last several weeks in May, we've seen that demand bounce back a bit. And it's generally in line with our expectations at this point.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, maybe I'll just take a step back and talk about revenue linearity overall and then double click a bit into EBAs. So, to recap, we're expecting revenue growth deceleration in Q2, followed by growth acceleration in the back half of the year that's consistent with historical seasonal patterns for Autodesk. And it was built into our annual guidance from the start. When we look at things by quarter, in Q2, we have the peak of FX and Russia and their drag on revenue growth. In the second half, the negative impact from exiting Russia goes away, and that drag from FX reduces as the year progresses. And then, we have that big cohort of EBAs, particularly in Q4, those are deals that renewed three years ago, at the beginning of the pandemic, where subsequent adoption and usage have been strong. And it's that deal flow that drives that seasonal growth acceleration primarily in Q4. We thought -- you can go back and look at our opening commentary back in fiscal '21 for Q4 where we talked a bit about those deals they tended to be in the auto space. And so, we're anticipating that those deals will come through and we think the fact that they've had good adoption and usage is a good indicator that we're going to see that behavior happen in Q4 as expected. So, overall, I mean, our business, the momentum is pretty consistent with what we've seen for a while here now and the assumptions that we have embedded in our guidance reflect, but we've been seeing for a while and we remain on track to achieve our full year financial goals. And I can't reiterate enough that we continue to try and set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and beyond.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, I mean, I would say that in terms of what we're baking into our guidance, we're assuming that these customers renew at reasonable levels. I'm not going to get into more specifics beyond that. What's key is that they renew and we feel good about that happening given the fact that there has been high adoption and usage across these EBAs. It's a big cohort for us. We saw that performance back in fiscal '21. It was also an equally unusual economic time at that point. And so, I don't see this situation as any different. I think we've set the guidance at a reasonable point.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, in terms of free cash flow, I'm not going to get into specific guidance by quarter, but I would say directionally, I think you're thinking about it in a reasonable way. And just to recap some of the things, remember, with the tax payment extension to Q3, we'll have a negative also in Q3. And some of the things that I outlined in terms of the linearity of free cash flow on the year are the things that you should be thinking about. So, I recommend going back and listening to some of those points because that will help you model free cash flow by quarter.
Debbie Clifford: So, Sterling, what I would say is we're not assuming any peak or trough in macro. We have a range for our guidance in our 7% to 9% range for revenue. We have the ability to address whatever macroeconomic situation that we see. And what we saw in Q1 was consistent with our general expectations on the year, and we've continued those expectations as we think about our outlook for the rest of the year. And you can see that our outlook is in line. What's really driving the change in linearity in our revenue growth is some of the things that I talked about, so seasonality, the acceleration that we expect from EBAs in the back half of the year, the impact from FX, and not having the drag from the exit of Russia anymore. So it's more about those things than it is about any fundamental underlying changes in our assumptions related to macro.
