Carl Bass: Not a huge amount. We saw a little bit of pull-through at the beginning of the quarter, from the end of the previous quarter. So I think in – but it was not substantial.
Carl Bass: So, what we've seen – I mean there is – the changes just went in effect very recently. So I don't think it's reached the end customer to any significant degree. The partners are first starting to get ready for it. Like we said, we had almost no promotions in Q1. We wanted to digest what went on at the end of last year and get people ready for this three quarter March to the – ending license sales. So, I think it will take probably another month or two until we really see what the reaction from customers are. But generally speaking, they've been favorable and most of the results point that way.
Carl Bass: So, let me put things on both sides of the ledger. Generally, I feel good is, as Scott just said, about the transition to the new model and most parts of the world seem to be doing well. And in that way, our plans are unchanged. If you wanted me to rank, you know, my first budget, number one on my first budget would be FX; number two would be Japan; and number three would be Russia. And I don't think the list really goes longer than that. Those are the things, I think, FX has been more of a headwind than we anticipated on Japan and Japan can continue to be weak. Russia, we've already cut our business in such a substantial way that its impact is going to taper off. But if I wanted – anyhow if I wanted to prioritize for you, Brent, that's probably the best that I could do.
Carl Bass: There is a lot of FX. I am – I'd be not completely candid if I say I am not worried about Japan. Right now, Japan is one of our biggest markets. You're seeing – as you mentioned, others have had trouble there. I think it can continue. Generally speaking, when Q1 is weak for Japan, it's a weak year for Japan. So, I have some nervousness around Japan. But as I said somewhat tongue in cheek, it's a lot of money, having a couple hundred million dollars is a lot of money for us just to go in FX. And so I usually feel better about both our hedging policy as well as kind of the buffer we have built in with the rates and this time I had less confidence in that.
Carl Bass: No, Keith, we've been trying to be totally transparent as we don't actually – we have a number of models and we have a number of knobs and levers to move during the year, as we see it. I think you'll see first break this quarter and we'll have a little bit of understanding of that. And then we can adjust some things as we go through the rest of the year. But it's not as obvious – I was obviously encouraged that people – many higher subscription numbers in Q1. So we'll just have to see how that plays out, but that was at least a positive sign.
Carl Bass: Yeah. And let me just try and – Keith, let me just try to give you a little bit of color on promotions, because certainly if I read some of your notes, the extrapolations were somewhat imperfect. And so the first thing what was clear, over the last few years, we have centralized much more of our promotional activity around the world. So it used to be that this was a more decentralized activity done by sales leaders in the geographies. And at any point, we could have literally dozens of promotions going on. Over the last few years, those have been centralized. So that's just the first thing. So that we have a really good handle what they are. Second one is there were almost no promotions in the first quarter. It's the lowest level of promotional activity I have ever seen certainly in my tenure. And the third thing is that when you have picked up from talking to customers or resellers, any pricing changes, those have not been promotional activities driven by us. As you know, we don't control end user pricing and we obviously have an impact on it. But those were things initiated by some of our partners. And so – and then I just conclude the color commentary on promotions by saying, now we have a pretty robust promotional program going through Q2, Q3 and Q4 and so you should start picking up signs of that in your channel checks.
Carl Bass: Yeah. And we've just gone through capital planning review. And stay tuned, we're not ready to say anything at this point. But we've just gone through a fairly comprehensive review of looking at the next few years and what the capital requirements are. So, you'll see more in the coming months.
Carl Bass: Okay. So let me just start. What I would say is right now, we're probably at the height of complexity of our product portfolio, because we really have one foot in each world. As we move forward, what I think you will see for the more traditional desktop products is subscribe to Autodesk will tend to be the primary way our customers buy. And so there maybe underlying that offer individual products, but certainly, as you would see them through our financial statements, these will look like subscribe to Autodesk. As you know, subscribe to Autodesk is just the umbrella term we're using for bringing our flexible license offerings to the majority of our customers. And so there may be underneath it product names that you're familiar with today, but the method in which they buy will be more common there. Secondly, I'd say, as we've looked at our cloud offerings, the one thing about many of our cloud offerings is they are not as distinct as desktop offerings, that the services that you offer in a web-based environment tend to blur together and all fall under a single subscription fee. With different kind of levels, but I think from the outside, it will be much more transparent, it will be much easier to discern what's going on. And the intention is for customers, it's much easier for them to choose. So a lot of the emphasis on the changing business model here is to allow customers to be much more flexible. We've talked about many times, how we see flexible license offerings is both being good for our business and really good for our customers. So that's the general direction. I think you're probably at the apex of product portfolio complexity, and certainly as you get to FY 2018, you'll see considerable simplification.
Carl Bass: There's a chance it dips negative. A lot depends on the pace of change. So the question that was asked earlier, a huge amount depends on how quickly people move between the two models. We'll update you as we see it develop, but I don't think it's wrong to assume that it dips in FY 2017 and I think it is correct to say that FY 2017 is the low point. That will be the place where the customers are most compelled to do something and make a choice. And let me just remind you, to the extent that we're most successful in transitioning customers to the new models, which is what we really want to do because the financial model at the other end of the rainbow is so promising, is that it will impact traditional income statement metrics. So it's a mixed bag for us, so while we root for it, it definitely brings down the traditional metrics that people look at.
Carl Bass: Yeah. I mean, same thing I said before in terms of concerns it's FX and then it's Japan and then it's Russia and the list ends there.
Carl Bass: Yeah. So – okay. Sure, Heather. First one I would say is the enterprise licensing, the EBAs continue to do really well. They're still a little bit more seasonal than other parts of our business. They coincide with customer or our end of year. But enterprise licenses continue to grow. I expect them to continue to this year and next. And then, we're having tremendous amount of success on the cloud-based products. So, PLM 360 – I'd call that's some color with the CAM products, PLM 360, Fusion 360, all doing really well. In some ways, if you think about it, it's been crazy that's it's taken this long for cloud software to make it to the world of engineering and as it's becoming a mainstream deployment in IT shops, people are realizing that the world of design and engineering and manufacturing is going to move there as well. And so we're benefiting from being in a leadership position in all of those. I think backing it up too would be the desktop subscriptions continue to do nicely and we'll be able to give you a little bit more color on the desktop subscriptions as the promotions start in Q2 and the deadlines approach in Q4, we'll watch that go. And I think just generally last thing in our kinds of great coloring of the macro economies, most of the world is doing pretty well. And we saw that in a lot of the construction numbers and a lot of the manufacturing numbers that absent a couple of specific countries, generally speaking, the economies of the world are doing pretty well.
Carl Bass: Okay. So first, let's start by being honest. You don't appreciate saving cash for a rainy day. And those – the people hidden in your inbox appreciate it either are very few. But more seriously as – I mean you'll hear from us in the next month or so that what our plans are. So, we'll certainly do in Q2, we'll talk about it and we do – and I mean I was very serious, it was comprehensive. We went through – this is a point of inflection and so it required a different analysis than we've done before. And so, stay tuned.
Carl Bass: Yeah. So, I mean this is probably the first time we've really talked about it and it's one of the areas where our customers are really interested in it. I was doing the prepared remarks last night when I came upon this tweet and it made me pause about including it, because the tweet was something like IoT is like teenage sex, everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone else claims they are doing it. And so, it did give me a little bit of pause, but let me just tell you that we do know what we're doing and it has become a huge focus for our customers in all of our industries. IoT has been often associated with just purely manufacturing, but it's also in the building space and I would say this is both for vertical and horizontal construction, a big deal. Sensors have been built into every building, they are being put in every infrastructure project from electrical infrastructure to sewage infrastructure, to dams, roads, bridges are all having it. And the important thing for us is figuring out how do you help customers not only collect that data and analyze that data, but how does that feed back into better products that they build in turn for their customers. Also many of our customers are contemplating transitions of their own, but you've certainly seen things along the lines, from large industrial companies like GE talking about essentially jet engines as a service as opposed to selling jet engines and railroads as a service, and so it's a huge interest. What we saw in the market was that there was a real lack of contemporary modern tools to do it. There is a lot of old tools that have been around for a long time. And so we will do the usual thing to answer your question directly, which is we're doing some in-house development that we started from scratch and we will be opportunistic about finding M&A opportunities. But I wouldn't take those remarks specifically anything significant about a big acquisition, any acquisitions we will do will be in the style that we're most accustomed to.
Carl Bass: Yeah. So I think – yeah, I think it's a great question. I think the best indication we have about the trajectory, the slow growth, the activity is what happened last year. It's a really good indication of how our customers respond to changes that need to be made. The very – so that much I look at is being very similar to last year. The place where there is probably a little bit of difference is just we don't know what they will do as a result of it. So how many will move to desktop subscription versus the hoarding extra licenses. So there is a little bit of difference in what they'll do, but the level of activity we've been modeling is pretty close to a mirror of what happened the year before and in checking with historical patterns, it's pretty similar to things we've done with other kinds of transitions where there was really an end of sale demarcated in the future.
Carl Bass: Yeah. A little bit of subtlety that's in there is because of that the way the incentives work for our partners and our customers is the biggest discount starts earlier in the year. So, what we've noticed that if we have the biggest financial incentive at the end of the year, that combined with a compelling deadline makes for a very non-linear year. So instead we did the opposite just like we did last year is the financial incentives are greatest in Q2 and ramp down to Q4. So we tried to just balance those two forces out as much as possible to get a little bit more linearity.
Carl Bass: I think LT as we've always said is very promotion related. With that – it's the most price-sensitive amongst our customers. And so I tie it almost completely to lack of promotions in the quarter.
Carl Bass: Yeah. No, I think I feel relatively good about manufacturing. Japan is obviously one of the areas impacting us. So generally feel good about where we are. If I was to break it down a little further to the question of share, I think we're holding serve or better in all of the traditional products. The place where we really gaining ground, although it's not reflected so much in the financials is in all the cloud-based products. As we talk about the cloud-based IoT product and cloud-based PLM product and cloud-based design and engineering product like Fusion, that's dramatically different than what our competitors are doing and that's a place where we're seeing real traction.
Carl Bass: This is exactly – I mean we've been marching pretty much to the same plan all along. There have probably been small alterations as we phase out when the promotions are and when the end of sale of certain products are. But certainly in big terms, it's virtually identical to what we laid out the very first time at Investor Day about the transition that we saw. So there hasn't been any major disruptions one way or another.
Carl Bass: Yeah, good question. I would divide it, I would say, we're not having to do much in the evangelism category that the customers who are aware in transitioning in other parts of their business to the cloud are receptive to it. They have been waiting for answers in the construction or in the engineering space. The place where we're spending more time is on just general awareness. So marketing dollars to make them know that we have a solution that is that. So we probably spent more time and money on awareness rather than the overall benefits. Having said that, I think you've probably seen us do the adoption of cloud technologies like all the others. There is still recalcitrant part of the audience that's sitting going I'll never do it and they have their arms folding across the chest and they say that will never happen. But with each passing day, it becomes less and less. And as I've gotten older and seen enough of these transitions, I just know that we can – to be a little crude, we can just wait people out. This is an inevitable transition as mainframes to workstations or workstations to PCs was. And most of the reasons for not moving are not very substantial. I think there is a handful of places that are wrestling with this question. You see it in terms of government organizations, places in the defense industry. But it was interesting, we spent a long time in the CTO of the company with folks from DARPA the other day and then kind of marveling at what's possible with what's going on in the cloud, and then say we had difficultly, it was good to be – for them to use it. And then we went on this interesting conversation that said the bad guys have no problem using the cloud. They are using the cloud already and they're going to continue to use the cloud. And so, I don't think the operational plan should be for you to figure out how not to use it. You need to do something different. And so I think both businesses and governments will figure out a way because the benefits are so substantial.
Carl Bass: Yeah. So I would say just to be clear on the question, it's not only important for business that we do direct. It's also for our business through partners. The thing that's really changed is the number of transactions and the frequency in which people transact. This was a system that was built for perpetual licenses and upgrades and that's what we've been transitioned. So I feel like we're finally carrying – there is a light at the end of the tunnel. We're certainly servicing the business today and I feel like we're on track to be ahead of when the most massive movement of our customers comes, but we are building infrastructure as we go.
Carl Bass: Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure, Kash. Well, I would say the 95,000 we exceeded our expectations. Like we said, it was not going to be linear. Given what we saw in terms of promotional activity and that the impending end of sale is 12 months off, this was above what our expectations were. So, the other thing I would say is and I mean we've tried to be as clear as possible is that these things are not going to be perfectly linear. And we've tried to present as much information as we can when we think it gets on a solid footing and when it is understandable and we'll continue to do that. And we said, we'll start breaking down more numbers as we go forward. But everything about what we saw in the subscription part of the business was at or above where we had planned the year. So I feel good about that. We have now – as we enter the second quarter with interesting new dynamics with the promotional activity and the end-of-sale getting closer and in three months, we'll have another conversation about where we are at that point.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. Gregg, one of the things that is encouraging on that front is if you look at the 95,000 subscription adds we had in Q1, about half of them came from the new model types. So, there is – we are building pretty good acceptance in the early days at least on the new model types.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. Keith, the other thing that besides what Carl just mentioned about the half of our net adds coming from new model in Q1, when we look at the promotional activity that we've got queued up for Q2 and through the end of the year, there is a couple of different trust behind that. One is going to the installed base and offering a way for them to – if they're ready to move to subscription offer away for them to get there on a multi-year basis with a slight discount. And the other is really going directly after the LT base in Europe and there are LT customers to the extent that they are willing to or want to buy another perpetual license and will buy a multi-year, they can get a scaled up discount on that depending on how many years of maintenance they decide to buy upfront. So, you'll see us doing more from a promotional standpoint that help drive that shift.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. Keith, when we look at our – that's obviously a question about capital allocation. So the first thing I would say is when you look at the $2 billion plus of cash we have in the balance sheet as you probably saw in the prepared remarks, 86% of that is offshore. But it hasn't really affected the way we think about allocating capital. So just to reiterate first and foremost it's to support the business during the transition, whether that's organic growth or that's M&A type growth. Second, it's about managing the dilution of the equity plans and by the way, that includes not just our SKUs, but our employees stock purchase plan that everyone has the opportunity to participate in. And then it's beyond that, it's to reduce the outstanding share count. So that policy is still in place and that's still really where our head is as we look at the next couple of years.
R. Scott Herren: And, Jay, this is Scott. To your question on sales and marketing as a percent of revenue leverage, for sure we'll get a good deal of leverage as we get – kind of reestablish steady state in that fiscal 2018, fiscal 2019 timeframe for a couple of reasons, one of which is just scale and sales and marketing is our highest spend as a percent of revenue. So, of course, that means it's going to get the greatest leverage as we scale. We'll also see channel mix shift out in time. Our reseller channel will continue to be the overwhelming majority of our sales, but we will see some mix shift and we're starting to see a little bit of that today and as we do, that will drive also leverage in sales and marketing. To the extent that it comes out in absolute terms, that's a little far out to be able to project at this point.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. And, Brendan, that same dynamic is in play this year, right, to the extent that it moves much more quickly to new models and away from perpetual sales, we will see that in the reported revenue results this year. We will continue to see the build in subscribers, we will continue to see the build in deferred revenues, but that same dynamic that we're talking about in fiscal 2017 is also in play for the remainder of this year.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. What really impacted cash flow from ops in Q1 was really – was two things. So we talked about both of these when we talked about our income statement in Q4, but they both came out of cash in Q1. One was the variable comp plans. Fiscal 2015 for us which ended January 31 was a very good year and so we saw in our OpEx throughout the year, but in particular, in Q3 and Q4 of last year pretty elevated level of variable comp expense so all that got paid out in Q1. And so year-on-year, we spent – out of our cash, we spent about $60 million more in variable comp in Q1 of this year than we spent in variable comp in Q1 of last year. The second, as we talked about – if you remember Q4 was a record quarter for us for cash flow from ops of $257 million. Within that we talked about the linearity of Q4 was such that we had a lot of those large EBAs close actually in December, it wasn't the end of our fiscal year, but it was the end of a lot of our customers fiscal year. So a lot of those big transactions actually got closed in December, got invoiced and collected still in Q4 as opposed to a normal linearity, which would have those much more at the end of the quarter and then collected in the following quarter and that contributed about a little more than $40 million to the OpEx impact year-on-year. So those two together drove Q1 cash flow from ops down a little bit more than $100 million on a year-on-year basis.
R. Scott Herren: Yes, Steve. This is Scott. I'll start and then let Carl add some commentary. It's really not significantly different that as we calculate the FX impact, it – there is rounding going on in there. We quote that in whole percentage points, but it has increased and has moved from what was 6% and 4% billings and revenue to 7% and 5%, but the reality is there is some rounding going on underneath the covers. So I think the shape of the year is the same shape that we expected. There is a little bit of uncertainty, as Carl talked about earlier, in some of our key markets, in particular, in Japan and then to some extent in Russia, and that's really what you see reflected.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah, we are, Steve. We're seeing desktop – we've talked about it growing on a sequential basis at a pretty high clip. We're not actually breaking it out because it's still – despite the rapid growth, it's still not a material number. But it is continuing to grow actually and not experience seasonality at this point. We're still seeing very strong sequential growth coming out of desktop and cloud.
R. Scott Herren: Heather, the one bit of color I'd add to Carl's comments on desktop that I should have mentioned earlier is it's early days, but what we are seeing is within our desktop subscription growth, the largest component of it is LT and I think what's encouraging about that is an LT customer traditionally would buy perpetual license. So we had a much lower attach rate of maintenance. And so seeing that cohort that that set of our customers now shifting over to our subscription model is pretty encouraging for the future.
R. Scott Herren: Sure. Yeah, the way we do billings is it's outlined actually in our prepared comments, but it's actually what's invoice minus the partner incentives. So our contras come out of that. I think the one thing that maybe driving some confusion...
R. Scott Herren: Net billings are reported on the face of our quarterly earnings. I'd have to go back and look at the Q and see if we put that in there or not. It's not – there is no magic to it though. It's what's invoice but minus the contras.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. Matt, I think both are important. Obviously, we are continuing to generate cash. I don't think you see a significantly different trend, though, between our cash margins and our op margins. So as we go into fiscal 2017 and as Carl talked about, some of the traditional income statement metrics particularly around reported revenue will be under pressure in fiscal 2017, that's going to put pressure right down the face of the income statement. I think the better way to track our progress through the transition is going to be looking at things like the growth of deferred revenue, and the growth of the subscriber base, which really get at the underlying business dynamics that then set up for the way the model looks as we come back out of the transition.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. Phil, the other nuance there compared to upgrades, is what Carl said earlier, in the case of upgrades it was buy the upgrade now or don't. In this case, it's buy perpetual license now or go ahead and make the shift over to desktop or cloud. So there is a little bit of unknown. We always felt the shape of the year was going to be backend loaded and that's exactly how we're seeing it play out. We've put in place promos to try to drive more of that demand earlier in the year and I still think it will be fairly backend loaded. The other point just to make sure that everyone still has on the radar screen is we're really talking about end of sale at the end of this year just for the individual products. We haven't yet announced the end of sale point on suites although we have said it will be sometime within our fiscal 2017 that's still out there for part of fiscal 2017.
R. Scott Herren: Hey, Walt, can you repeat the question? For some reason you are breaking up, we're having trouble hearing you.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah, it's – the op margin coming down from previous guide of 13% to 15%, to 12% to 14% really just reflects the change that we've guided on the top-line.
R. Scott Herren: Sorry, we are getting a lot of feedback. I don't know if you heard the same thing. We got a significant echo there.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. My sentiment, Steve, is we're continuing to move as quickly as we can actually through the transition. And so I don't – certainly it's not a sense that we're behind. I think if anything, when you look at the subscriber adds, we're perhaps a bit ahead of where we might have been at this point when we first talked about going through this transition.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. The adjustment we made, Darren, was really as we looked at the way the currencies had moved, and of course, we price in local currency in every market, just trying to attain some level of equilibrium around our pricing across markets. So, there is not a significant arbitrage opportunity to buy licenses in one market versus the other. So, the adjustment – and we only adjusted the yen and euro, which they are the two most significant non-U.S. dollar denominated price points that we have, and the adjustment was in the 5% to 7% range. So, it's not an enormous amount. From an absorption standpoint in the market, there has been absolutely no noise on that.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah, the Shotgun was steady state. So if you remember in Q4, we talked about the 17,000 subscription add driven by Shotgun, that was an acquisition that we had done previously. And it was the first time that we got their subscriber count to a level of accuracy and conformed it to the way we count subscribers. So, we added that as a one-time. So the ongoing adds from Shotgun will just be the ongoing adds that are driven by the business. And it didn't stand out as a significant number. I'd say the one thing we did see in the subscriber count in Q1 is if you think of our EBAs, so the big, large $1 million plus transactions that we do, those are token-based. It takes a little bit of time to get the infrastructure set up behind those to begin reporting out the monthly average users which is what gets added to the subscriber base. So part of what we saw in Q1 was a little bit of a catch-up from the large number of EBAs we had done in Q3 and Q4 of last year. That infrastructure was set up and we got 90 days worth of monthly average users rolling in. There was a little bit of a net add from that, but that's probably the only thing I would point to as a bit of an anomaly in the Q1 adds.
R. Scott Herren: Yeah. And, Kash, to the numbers that you quoted, when we talked about 121,000 net adds in Q3, bear in mind that there was a one-time add for Delcam, 25,000 built into that number. And then we – as we talked earlier, in the 100,000 that we added in Q4, there were 17,000 one-time. So, we had some one-time inorganic hits as those acquisitions got their subscriber count up to a level where we were comfortable reporting them and adding them to our base, which was inception to date for those companies as a one-time add and then the ongoing growth is just whatever the ongoing growth of those businesses are. So, there was a little bit of a – actually a fairly notable tailwind in both Q3 and Q4 in those subscriber add numbers. I think the 95,000 adds we just posted for the quarter, we disclosed, certainly was ahead of our expectations and is something we feel pretty good about.
