Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. I hope you and your family remain safe and healthy. As we anticipated when we set out our guidance at the beginning of the year. Unwinding uncertainty resulted in increased business confidence, investment, and economic growth during our second quarter.  This is reflected in strong product usage, which returned to pre - COVID levels across the globe increasing bid activity on Building Connected, which reached all-time highs, and greater channel partner confidence when combined with strong execution, a resilient subscription business model, and the continued secular shift to the cloud, our growth accelerated again in Q2 and generated further momentum //.  RPO and billings grew 24% and 29% respectively, driven by strong new product subscription growth, renewal rates, and revenue retention. I am proud of what the team has accomplished so far this year.  And again, I thank all of our employees, their families, our partners, and customers for their continued dedication, patience, and commitment. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Saket, specifically, what I did say was I said is as we help our customers grow, we will grow. And the reason I want to highlight that particular point here is a lot of the things that are going on with regards to us growing with our customers, is there increasing investment in digitalization. This is here to it's here to stay, it's continuing to accelerate.  It's going to move forward next year and continue to accelerate. So, the digitization engagement with our customers is why we grow as we help them grow because digitization is going to help them grow. it's going to help to be more responsive. It's going to help them win more business.  It's going to help them do a whole bunch of things that they were struggling to do previously, which is great for them and great for us. Now, the other thing I'd add there is we are also responding to the way they want to buy.  I mean, I think you've noticed that we introduced Flex. We haven't rolled it out yet, that customers can't yet buy it, but we introduced the concept of Flex. And Flex is something that a lot of our customers have been waiting for as we've been moving away from our old multi-user paradigm to single-user.  They've been waiting to see something that allows them to manage occasional use and maybe dive deeper into some of our more advanced digital technologies and integrate some of those things into their workflow. So, we're going to offer them the flexibility they've been looking for and we're going to mainstream and across a lot of our customer base in the mid-market.  But the other piece I want to highlight about Flex, in particular, is that it's also a tool for reaching the long tail of our customers. Flex is going to allow us to not only help with smaller businesses that knew some of our tools, only a couple of times a month, but it's also going to help us with smaller customers or departments within larger customers that want to use a particular advanced tool on an occasional basis.  It used to be back in the '90s when books like the long tail first came out that you'd attack the long tail with a set of discrete products. Tons of little products. The 2020 way of approaching that is having a business model that allows people to get access to a set of capabilities in an ever-growing platform of products, like what we're doing with Fusion.  So, look for those things long-term can be important tools as we see forward. Things like Flex are not going to be short-term revenue drivers but they will be long-term like there. Digitization is the key underlying thing here. Our business models, and the way we are approaching some of our advanced platforms, are the enablers that allow our customers to digitize faster.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So excellent question. This convergence peace between mechanical design and electrical design is something we've absolutely had our eye on for quite some time. As you know, we bought Eagle several years back and we have now tightly integrated it into the Fusion platform. And we're doing some very, very interesting things around automation.  And immigration between electronic PCB design and the associated mechanical designs that either contain it or actually interact with it in a smart product. So, we're already attacking that convergence organically with our products. You saw us look externally as well because we saw an opportunity. Did you accelerate the industry change?  We believe these positives are going to converge. We believe the leading-edge customers are going to be driving and using converged processes. And we saw a vision match out there and we engaged in discussion around accelerating this change in the market.  We're still going after that market with Fusion with Eagle and We have, and we're already moving up into the mid-market with some of these tools. So, this vision is not going away. This is a continuing and ongoing place for us to focus. And look for us to continually increase what we're doing with Eagle to make those convergences between mechanical and electrical design more fluid, more integrated, and frankly, more automated.
Andrew Anagnost: I think one of the things you also saw is that got acquired there was a lot of visibility into the master camp business. And I think you can see that the business was not growing let's say, robustly as say Fusion is growing both from a user and billing standpoint. So, we're pretty confident that in the manufacturing side and the CAM side, we're doing a great job with Fusion.  But we're also reaching deeper and deeper into people's entire process. A lot of the customers we're talking about publicizing out are people that have rolled out fusion across the entire process.  One of the things that's also exciting, you're seeing these large subscription counts, 11,000 again -- breaking 11,000 again this quarter, but one of the other exciting aspects here is that our billings growth is actually growing faster than our subs growth, which is a result of the new extension strategy, which has continually added more.  Good, a more advanced capability that people can buy on a pay-per-use basis or on a subscription basis to one of these extensions. So, we're continuing to see really good traction with Fusion. We're continuing to roll out new extensions.  You will see more extensions coming out this year into next year, and you will also see us start to do some interesting new ones. Things from a platform perspective with Fusion as well. So, we're pretty bullish on Fusion. We feel pretty good about our position right here and we're continuing to see growth. And, and you're right, I think the acquisition of master Cam just shines a light on where the action is right now in this space.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Okay. Great question. So let me address the first part. I was only a two-part question, Jay, you've disappointed me.
Andrew Anagnost: So new products have some -- new product have up significantly. I'm not going to give you a specific, I'm not going to tell you if it's exactly back up to 2 years, but let's just say it's up significantly. Okay.  We can't -- we couldn't be delivering the kind of performance we are delivering if it wasn't. It's been significantly higher than the overall growth of the business in terms of new products out, and it's continued to robustly grow moving forward, and we expect it to continue.  So, you can imagine that our volumes are getting back up to the places we would have expected them to be before COVID ever hit, which is a good sign and a good outcome. And more and more, as you can see in this quarter, we generated a lot of that new volume through digital direct channels and channels that were direct to us, which is another interesting factor here.  You are absolutely right. It used to be that LT, because of the price point and because of its exposure to small businesses, was a barometer of the health of our business. But the move to the subscription model is kind of scrambled out a little bit because people may have been buying LT exclusively for something or buying different products and other things like that.  So that's why we began tracking in a deep way the monthly active, daily active users of our products in various countries, which has become, frankly, our core barometer. And I think you can agree that that is a much more robust indicator of the health of our business than, for instance, looking at LT sales and LT transactions.
Andrew Anagnost: And it's also interesting to note, as commercial usage surges forward, [Indiscernible] non-compliant users, almost I [Indiscernible]. Right. So, it is not to disappoint you, but let me just ask you this. You made [Indiscernible] I knew -- here comes part three. Yeah, here we go. Exactly. You made a very interesting reference to a semiconductor facility in Asia that has become an AEC customer. And so, the question there looking ahead is, when you think about what Intel's going to be doing with [Indiscernible] and others in the semi-industry.
Andrew Anagnost: That's a very excellent point, Jay. All right. So, we're already big in the data-center pipeline. Dan is supercritical of some of these workflows. I have personally engaged with customers that I will not name and aim and see some amazing things they are doing with our tools on the data center front and on the factory front.  So, we are actively engaged with deepening the penetration of them in all of those areas where people are standing up new factories and people are building new capacity.  And you're right to talk about fab capacity for Intel and other places like that, then has matured to a point where when you combine especially not only with the capabilities of design and build, but ultimately you will see Tandem play a role in that space as well because Tandem as a digital twin allows us to do a handover long term, not yet, Tandem's relatively new to the market, but a digital handover to the owner for doing the lifetime management of the asset as well.  So, look, that pipeline is robust and strong where we're already a big player in datacenter and new style factory stands ups in several sectors.
Andrew Anagnost: Gal, we are absolutely starting to see the tip of the iceberg on that part of the transition. And also Flex, which is something that a lot of those customers were waiting for because those customers were heavy users of our network licensed model, Flex in one of its forms replaces that old model.  So, we're -- as Flex starts to reach the channel and reach the customers more directly, you're absolutely going to see a greater acceleration of that. Because they do have to ultimately transfer a name to every user to use Flex.  But we're seeing the tip of the iceberg on that right now. Flex's availability -- broader availability as we move to the end of this year and into early next will also accelerate that trend as well, which will help us retire that old business model and get our customers on the more advanced management systems that underpin Flex.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, we don't break out the infrastructure of a business, so I can't give you a specific, but here's one of the things -- here's what I can tell you, and here are the philosophical statements I can make enough. One, we do not have any impact from a federal infrastructure bill built into our financial models, okay?  So, the numbers we've given you, the concept, they're all business as usual based on our normal course and speed. So, I want to be super clear about that so we're all on the same page. However, we are big proponents of infrastructure spending and the need for infrastructure spending.  And I think you're getting a sense just over the last few weeks and the last month, some of the critical drivers around what -- how serious it is when you have a decaying infrastructure. Look at California, right? California built water infrastructure for slow snow melts to catch water and have it dribble down from the melting snow and runoff to the coast and everybody was happy.  That world is likely gone. And what people need to focus on is more reservoirs, different types of infrastructure to capture rainwater rather than rely on snowmelt. These were things that in some cases we're predictable 10 years ago, but we haven't made progress on. Also, look what's happening in Tennessee.  Just last week, the horrible tragedies with these flash floods in the middle of Tennessee. Unprecedented levels of speed and severity of floods are all related to water infrastructure. All of these things are related to climate change. Some of them were predictable, some of them not. All of them are 10-year backlog now in many places.  We have to build better across the board and we believe that our tools, our capabilities, the digital platforms we're deploying are going to help people build better. And when you look at how we're positioned to capitalize on this, which I can talk to you about.  Look we have got the solution that goes from end-to-end with the capital planning engagement all the way to the user engagement with the vertical and horizontal components of construction and is in between. And I want to point to you some of our recent partnerships and acquisitions.  On-road and rail, we partnered with Orgo to go after the Department of Transportation to help with the capital planning. We brought in a device that has the capital planning tool upfront in the water infrastructure process. And we also have a space maker, which we haven't talked a lot about, which helps in the real estate development side from the capital planning and allocation there.  So, we're actually building out capabilities upfront through partnership and through technology. And then we have all this capability that we've integrated into the construction cloud as well to help with vertical and horizontal construction. So, we're ready.  We're -- we've invested in the places that we think are critical and we think people need to invest in digital technology to not only to build what needs to be built but build it back better and build it back cheaper so that we can start closing out the backlog because there is a big backlog.  So, there will be an opportunity here. It will be a long-term opportunity for the Company. It won't be short-term, but there will absolutely be an opportunity as people start to spin up these infrastructure projects.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, there's always a little white space, okay? I think one of the things that are really important in terms of things we have to do. We have to finish integrating all the end-to-end capabilities, all right?  We have to make sure that we've gotten all the capabilities completely integrated in a way that makes sense. We have to continue to dial down on things like general design and cloud-based and machine learning-based automation that automate workflows between some of these things.  So even less sophisticated companies can take full advantage of highly sophisticated capabilities, which is a goal for us. Now, there's going to be another white space as we move down with regards to connecting to production planning. But on the shop floor not just moving geometry directly to the machine through general divine, but actually managing production flow and some of the things associated that in highly automated facilities.  So, we'll probably explore some of those areas as we start building out the platform. But really, in terms of what things have to happen to continue to accelerate fusions growth, it's all about building out the core design capabilities because you've got a lot of touch points in there.  We've got ReCap, we've got some really great partnerships around simulation which will deepen over time, and we've also got excellent manufacturing capabilities. As we deepen in to professionalize the design capabilities, you'll start to see more and more purchasing of sophisticated extensions on top of Fusion.  So, look for Fusion to become a more significant revenue driver as we move beyond FY '23. Right now, we're focused on making sure that the platform's best-in-class, that that's cloud independence is strong, that we build off the strong foundation we have right now, and that we build out some of these core design capabilities.  But there are little bits of white space in there around production management, around some of the integration s with other types of capabilities, around costing and estimating that is going to be interesting as well in the future.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, thank you. It's actually more of a tailwind because what our customers are struggling with is they're trying to do more with a smaller staff. And the more digital firms are able to do that, the fewer digital firms are struggling. The scarcity of labor is pervasive across multiple industries and multiple sectors.  But we believe this is just another driver with regards to people adopting deeper digitization and digital technologies. And as you can see from the factor, some of our results and some of our new SEC volume.  While you're hearing some of that in the ABI pressure with regards to their book of business, you're not seeing any kind of depressive impact in our new SEC volume. So, we expect long term this is going to be a tailwind around digitalization and not any kind of headwind for us.
Andrew Anagnost: I think you should think about it exactly the way you said it. It is a leading indicator of future on-site construction activity, all right? So not all of that activity will convert to people buying our construction tools. Because not all the activities are a good fit, but it is absolutely a leading indicator of shovels hitting the ground.  And I think that's the way you should be interpreting it, and that's the way you should look at it. And that's the way we use it. And as we get deeper and deeper into Building Connected and deeper and deeper into how the bid board works, we'll be creating more internal indices to track and watch some of these things.  But that -- what you said is how you should view this. It is a leading indicator of shovels in the dirt and future activities which some of that will translate into future purchases of on-site construction software tools.
Andrew Anagnost: No, I can't. I can't give you a lag indicator between increased bid activity on the bid board and the starting of new projects.
Debbie Clifford: It does. Thanks. Saket. Thanks for the questions. So, we're seeing overall strength in the business and we continue to demonstrate discipline with our spending. So that's what's driving us to raise our guidance for revenue and margin for the year. For billings and free cash flow. I have covered the specifics in the opening commentary.  The key point to take away is we're focused on making changes that are good for our customers and good for us, and shifting more EVA to annual billings helped us achieve that goal. Now, it makes sense. Customers because they retained price certainty by signing multiyear contracts, that by moving to annual billings, they get a more predictable annual cash outlay. Of course, the change is good for us too.  We generate more predictable annual cash flows and we remove the discounts we see today to generate cash collections upfront. Most CBAs are already on annual billing terms. And also, we had already assumed that would all be on annual billing terms starting next year in our fiscal '23, we're making the change now because with the strong start to fiscal '22 we decided to get moving earlier to execute on the shift.  But the overarching driver is that we're focused on optimizing our business and the change, as we said, is good for both our customers and for us. As a side note, the impact on our billing’s guidance is also pretty small.  It's around a 1% point of impact to the total billings outlook. Now if I shift attention to the ramp to fiscal '24, we do see accelerating momentum and multiple drivers of growth regarding multi-years. I want to break it down a bit. We have two main pools of multi-years one for our EVAs and one for our base products subscription business. What I've talked about today so far is EVA and the ongoing shift to annual billings for that cohort.  As we look ahead to next year, as I mentioned in the opening commentary, we have a material cohort of multi-year contracts that are coming up for renewal in our base products subscription business, renewing those contracts is one factor that drives us to 2.4 billion in cash flow next year and year-to-date this year, the proportion of multi-year renewals that we're seeing in that cohort is in line with our expectations. To that plus the strength in our topline year-to-date gives us confidence in the past to the 2.4 billion free cash flow target next year.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Gal. I'll say again, our goal is to do what's best for our customers and what's best for us. You're right that we recently announced that we're reducing the discount on products subscription, multi-year contracts from 10% down to 5%.  And we're doing it because we feel that the higher discount as necessary, the value proposition of a multi-year contract to our customers is the price certainty, not the discount. Of course, we benefit from the lower discount because we get higher price realization.  But at the end of the day, the multi-year contracts reflect the strategic longer-term partnership with our customers. Now, we make small price changes like that all the time in order to optimize our business and to maximize the value for both our customers and for us. And this is just one example of that.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. I think you captured it well, Andrew. As you said, there are two main parts. There's the enterprise or EVA business and there is our e-commerce channel. Now, the enterprise business is at a seasonal low in Q2, but we do have a strong pipeline. Andrew mentioned that it was the first quarter that we saw Upchain included in an EVA.  So, we are building momentum and we anticipate that the bulk of our EVA selling will be in the back half of this year, like previous years. So, things are looking good there. On the e-commerce side, lots of growth there, we've been investing heavily. Last quarter, we talked about different things that we added, like more out of at -- added seek capabilities, more calls to action across the site.  We continued to invest this quarter. Some examples of the changes that we made were our one-step resubscribe capabilities, so that expired customers can easily resubscribe. We have even more places for add a seek capabilities throughout the site, we launched a new Middle East site in June.  So, a bunch of things and you'll just see us incrementally add more functionality, more ways to engage with Autodesk so that it's easier to do business with us. And that's going to be part of our success to drive growth through that channel.
Debbie Clifford: Oh, sorry, Andrew. And then you can chime in. I would say that, overall, we had a strong Q2 and we ended the quarter with strong momentum. And we raised our revenue guidance on the year to reflect that ongoing strength and what we've seen in the business for the year to date.  Andrew mentioned all the leading indicators were strong, usage return to pre-COVID level, the construction backlog is back online. So, all we're seeing at this point is accelerating momentum.  The only kind of knit piece that I would highlight in the back-half of this year is that typically in our Q4, we do see a bit more upfront revenue recognition for some of the products that we typically sell cyclically in that period, and that's a little bit of what you see in both Q3 and Q4 as we get to the back half of the year. But overall, just broad strength that we're seeing in the business and that led to the increase in the revenue guidance on the year.
Debbie Clifford: So, thanks, Elizabeth. RPO growth was strong at 24% year-over-year and we really do see that as the leading indicator of what's happening in our overall business. Now, typically we see RPO, or what we see right now is that RPO growth shot up in Q4 because we had a very strong enterprise business agreement quarter.  And so gradually, we're seeing that taper down over time. But overall, 24% growth is really solid performance in RPO when you'll start to see that bleed into revenue on the back half of the year.
Elizabeth Elliot: Hi, this is Elizabeth Elliot on for Keith Weiss. Thank you so much. I just have a few questions on the current RPO -based bookings growth, it looks like year-over-year growth slowed a bit from last quarter. So, wondering if you could just highlight some of what could be driving that and some of the trends that you are just seeing in new business demand versus what you saw maybe in the prior quarter. Thank you.
Elizabeth Elliot: Got it. And then just one more ABI data for June noted some firms just weren't able to find enough from workers and not the challenge they've had talked about 60% of firms not being able to fill openings in the architectural staff. I was wondering if any issues in employment are a headwind for Autodesk, seats or are that a tailwind for you guys as firms just need to digitalize faster and improve productivity.
Elizabeth Elliot: Yes. The Architectural Billings Index data for June highlighted that some of the architectural staff, which having problems filling seats. And that being a headwind -- just employment being a headwind to sales from the demand capacity that they were seeing.  So, I just wondering if employment headwinds in the overall macro marketing driving -- is that a headwind for Autodesk at all or is that actually a tailwind? As firms need to digitalize faster and improve productivity by adopting Autodesk software tool.
