Carl Bass: Consistent with the format we adopted a couple of quarters ago, I'll give a quick overview and then we'll jump right into Q&A. Over the past three months, global economic data has shown some improvement. Recent government data indicated that the US is no longer in the recession and last week it was reported that many European countries are no longer in recession. I think in some ways our increasingly stable results are of a reflection of this data. While it's encouraging to see more positive economic indicators, we'd also like to see more positive data on jobs. Economies may be recovering in terms of GDP, but jobs are still being lost and that is a key component to Autodesk recovery. Revenue was $417 million. While essentially flat with the second quarter, we were pleased to see it stabilize after four quarters of sequential declines. Highlights in the third quarter included sequential revenue growth in both the Americas and EMEA, commercial new licenses, 2D horizontal, government sales and 3D animation. We also delivered a solid sequential increase in profitability. This was achieved by reducing our operating expenses again as we realized the full benefit of the restructuring activity we implemented earlier this year and our focus on efficiency and cost controls. Our cost control efforts this year have yielded better than expected results and we believe that we will exceed our prior cost savings projection. We now expect to reduce our pre-tax spend in fiscal 2010 by more than $300 million as compared to fiscal 2009. These savings will be achieved this quarter despite a seasonal sequential increase in fourth quarter expenses. Of course, we will continue to look for ways to increase our efficiencies and profitability, while making essential investments for the future. With the excellent progress we have made on reducing our cost structure and the increasingly stable business environment, we are now shifting gears to rekindle revenue growth in addition to continuing to look for ways to increase our efficiencies and profitability. Our revenue forecast for the fourth quarter calls for a sequential revenue increase of between 1% and 6%, which is modest, but another step towards recovery. We will look to build on these steps as we finalize our plan over the coming months for fiscal 2011. Last week I gathered our top leaders from around the globe to strategize on how we can effectively grow revenue as well as to generate innovative ideas to strengthen the business longer term. While we were not ready to overlay these ideas in our current forecast, we were excited about the potential they represent. Everyone who attended this meeting left with the spirit of optimism regarding our long-term growth prospects. We have an unmatched product portfolio of design, engineering and entertainment software solutions, and with over $1 billion in cash and no debt, we remain very confident in both our financial and our market positions. Operator, we'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Carl Bass: I mean, a couple of things are going on. I think one thing is that the compares are low. We're operating off of low levels coming out of the trough, it is one arithmetic fact. I think the second is while the US and a few other countries are still struggling in terms of jobs, there are other economies that are starting to see rebounds.
Carl Bass: We will continue to invest marketing dollars to help generate demand. The marketing dollars that go directly to the channel partners are formulaic. So there's an algorithm based on the sales and stuff in terms of the marketing development funds that they'll get.
Carl Bass: First of all, I would say we've always told you that headcount is really not a good indicator. I think the place to look is more at the operating expenses itself. So just to calibrate you, I would stick on the expenses themselves. As I said on the last call and I'd say the same thing again, if demand doesn't pick up during this year we obviously have too much expense in there, but if the news coming out of all the different countries and the change we're seeing in our business materializes, I think we're in the spot to deliver increasing profitability and good revenue growth.
Carl Bass: I think what's happening is Europe, I think we were certainly afraid. Certainly the last time we all talked, we were much more afraid that Europe was headed into the [griper] and was looking like it was headed down in the same way that the US had gone and possibly was going to be down for so long. I think none of the economic news out of there really supports that. Germany and France have managed to do well. Our business is uneven across Europe, but much better than we would have expected. I'd say the Americas is stabilized. It's relatively flat. Like we said in the prepared remarks, I think we still need to see some job growth and I think we need to see a loosening of credit, especially for the small and medium companies. I think we're at a point where the large companies certainly have access to credit, small and medium business I still think are capital-constrained. I'd add one thing, there's no sign of a recession in China.
Carl Bass: I think if there are two big effects, there's the normal seasonality and there's the economic recovery, I would say that the economic recovery is probably a stronger force where we would expect to see flatter revenue in the beginning of the year and a pick up towards the second half of the year. I think it would break the trend somewhat of traditional seasonality.
Carl Bass: What we often see is seasonal increase in expenses in the fourth quarter that's tied to things like sales commissions. If you look back historically, you'll see last year, of course, we'll be a little bit off, but if you go back years before that you could see that. We usually see a little ramp up there. The confusion is what we see in Q4 and Q1 are often different things. When we get to Q1 in normal times, we see ramp ups from salary increases as well as some other compensation payments. One set of payments goes down and the other goes up and that's what you usually see from Q4 to Q1.
Carl Bass: The only thing I was going to say is we gave you guidance for this year about taking up $300 million. We talked about $60 million coming back. I think you can do the math from there about our thoughts for next year.
Carl Bass: I would say for the most part, most of our sales are by the seat. If anything, I think there's been some chatter about unused licenses. If anything, I see a pent-up demand for licenses, but it really is tied directly to the number of people sitting there, doing design, engineering work. I don't see much of a headwind in terms of absorbing what's out there already. Many people have adjusted their licenses. You can see it in terms of the subscription revenue. I think for the most part it moves along with employment numbers in the various firms.
Carl Bass: The way to look at the subscription revenue is the function of two things. It is the attach and renewal rate, but the attach rate is really highly dependent on the volume of new licenses. That's been the biggest driver of the reduction. The secondary effect is people reducing their renewals. The renewals for the most part are tied to reduced headcount employed rather than a change in their perception in the value of the subscription program. For example, if they have 10 seats on subscription and they now only have seven employees, many firms are just making the choice to just renew seven of them.
Carl Bass: What I'd say is a number of things you talked about, things like suites, doing things like web-based services, all those initiatives we are able to continue, some of them we had a slowdown, but funding for all of them will not be incremental. We're doing it out of our existing cost bases. So we've redeployed resources to make sure that happens. So we've moved people from these projects to other projects in order to make sure that we can see those things through. What I'd say is really the focus was, in order to get the $300 million out of expense out, took a fair amount of just the bandwidth of the management team, it was a big initiative. Now the focus is turned to the other thing, turned to the other initiatives, but I wouldn't infer from that that there's more money coming behind that. It's really out of existing spend.
Carl Bass: Yes. You'll see suites, you'll see on-demand applications, you'll see new applications on the Mac, all that will happen this year.
Carl Bass: In the simplest terms, the difference is this 1.7 is a smaller 1.7. Not to be too facetious about it, I think the difference is, this is 1.7 where the direction was heading down and the other was 1.7 where the direction was heading up. What you would see, as we've always said, is we can return to mid 20s to 30% operating margin at almost any revenue level. What we've done is we've made a decision that we think this is the appropriate level of expenses right now. As revenues grow as we've seen in the past, a large amount of that ends up dropping to the bottom-line. So I think you would see the same thing as you see economies recover. As our business picks up, you'll see a large incremental amount drop to the bottom-line.
Carl Bass: The only thing I would add is that I think we can do some stupid things right now. I think we could cut expenses to the point where we are unable to really participate to the upside that comes with the recovery. We try to get ahead of the downturn by making cuts early, but I think we also want to be deliberate in our attempts here to make sure that we have the appropriate structure in place, the appropriate resources as we go forward to make sure that we can really take advantage of this. One of the things that we've seen in the downturn is the ability to displace many of our competitors. So, right now while the displacements we're seeing are relatively small, these are laying the groundwork for much future displacements, much larger displacements with much greater revenue potential. We're very excited about the market position we have and we don't want to miss out on that when the recovery comes.
Carl Bass: I'd say, generally speaking, during the downturn we've seen manufacturing holdup better than AEC. One of the things that we've seen episodically through the downturn is some very large sized deals from the largest AEC firms. A lot of it is coming from consolidation around one vendor where they've had a heterogeneous multi-CAD environment and now have decided to go with a single vendor. The downturn has created a fair amount of M&A activity, so there's a fair amount of consolidation amongst our customers, and in many cases we're being the beneficiary as they bring those companies together and they're trying to standardize again on one CAD platform. I think what we've seen in manufacturing has been slightly different. As I talked about and when I was talking about the competitive swap-outs, we've been winning many smaller deals in manufacturing and that's buoyed us through the downturn, but we haven't seen the large deals yet that we expect to see when we come out of this.
Carl Bass: One of the things that is interesting that we've seen this time is we're seeing some of these larger deals, we're seeing some good business in the government, much better than we've historically seen. It's really hard to trace a lot of benefit to stimulus dollars, particularly in the United States. Other parts of the world you can see it, but not in the United States.
Carl Bass: It was really hard to understand you, but I'll do my best to try to interpret what I think your question was. We continue to have a program where we will offset dilution from employee stock programs. We'll continue to do that. The other thing I would remind everyone again is that a large majority of our cash is offshore, and so I don't see any big changes in our capital program, I don't see any big changes in our stock buyback program. Right now, we had made a number of decisions about what to do with our cash heading into the downturn. I'm pleased with the decisions we made heading into the downturn and how we've been able to grow cash even through this downturn. And I think now is the time for us to reevaluate it and we're going to look at it, but that's really no hint of any necessary change in direction.
Carl Bass: I don't think that it ever really was perfectly 13th, but we've always shown those charts, we'll show them to you again. I think the linearity is much more similar to how it has been in the past albeit at reduced levels. One of the things that we thought important was not to do anything unusual at the end of the quarters. It's a discipline we put into place probably four or five years ago and we want to maintain that discipline. So, given the nature of our business, we can influence the shape of that curve particularly at the end of the quarter. We've chosen not to do that. We will continue not to do that, and so I think you'll see linearity that's very similar.
Mark Hawkins: A couple things here. One is that we talked about also in the prepared remarks that our operating expenses would be now in excess of $300 million reduction year-on-year on a non-GAAP basis when you look at the exit of fiscal '10 compared to fiscal '09. That's the news that we reported thus far. We've also talked about the fact that about 20% of those costs as reflected in FY '10 are what we call cost suppression and we're also making the point that only a fraction of that will come back in FY '11, so we're just trying to size and frame this to a degree. So that's one part of the equation to consider. The other part of the equation to consider is the normal seasonality for Q1. There's a seasonality of Q1 plus some fraction of a return of operating expenses, and therefore, always try to give you some early view of what could be in Q1. Again, we're not giving formal targets at this point. We're just trying to begin to share our thinking. There will be a time when we come to the formal targets for Q1.
Mark Hawkins: We're not prepared to talk about the entire fiscal year '11, if you will. What we're trying to do is just give you a sense of a few things that we think are important for you to look at, but we're certainly not prepared to have a revenue discussion at this point. What I think is clear is there's a fraction of the 20% of the $300 million plus that we saved in FY '10 that will come back, a fraction of that will come back in FY '11. That's a statement that's out there and we're also saying that our operating margin we think will improve year-on-year even with some of that return of suppression. So that's the case there. So it could be 200 to 300 basis points of operating margin improvement year-on-year in FY '11. Again, this is not targets, this is not guidance, this is early days, but we're trying to give you a sense of direction and things to think about. I hope that helps.
Mark Hawkins: The way I am thinking about this revenue is basically the following is that we first talk about the importance of stabilization and what you're hearing today is this notion of stabilization. Over time, you would expect in any kind of recovery that that will gradually transition into some modest growth and eventually more towards the kind of growth rate you would expect in this marketplace post-economic reset. Where we're at right now is we're not prepared to get too deep into the revenue topic at this stage, but we are trying to give you a general sense of a couple important indicators we think you'll want to think about at the beginning of the year.
Mark Hawkins: I don't know that I would go that far, to be honest with you. What I would say to you is you certainly got a good read on it though I think with billings down minus 10%. Billings over time drive subscription revenues over 12-month ratable period for the majority of it. So I think you got the right angle there. I think there is couple of opportunities for us to change the shape of the subscription revenue. One is renewal rate increases is an opportunity to change that vector and that shape over time would be certainly one thing to think about there, and also new seat licenses, which we saw a sign that we liked, which was a sequential increase quarter-on-quarter this quarter. That we thought was an important indicator. So I think you got it right. The way you are thinking about, understanding the fact that billings are down and it's going to lead to subscription revenue being down with the other proviso that obviously there are things we are trying to impact to change that over time.
Mark Hawkins: I don't know that I would say that at this stage. I couldn't make that point at this stage. I think it's too early.
Mark Hawkins: In terms of the maintenance revenue, I think the key thing obviously is to really understand the billings and how the billings are going to be changing over time because the billings are a precursor to that. So we're not giving necessarily forward-looking guidance on the subs revenue at this stage, but I think as I was trying to cover before the billings will be a precursor. Largely it's ratable over 12 months, but not 100%. The other factors are will our renewal rate go up and we are pleased to see that stabilize as well by the way. That was an important indicator in addition to the fact that new licenses went up sequentially. So those two factors could impact ones projection of subs revenue in addition to the billing indicator. Those are the three things that we're looking at as we model it. We're not at a stage where we want to give forward-looking guidance on that.
Mark Hawkins: We do some localization and (inaudible) that seasonally kicks in Q4 every year. Those are things that are there. There are even smaller things not to get too precise. For example, certain people cap out with FICA and things like that and there's matching expenses that can show up even in different times after the beginning of a New Year and such in terms of the calendar year. There are a lot of little bits and pieces that contribute to the seasonality that we've seen historically from that standpoint. So that's just to cap off on your question regarding Q4.
Mark Hawkins: Certainly an important part as you think about Q1 is the fact that a fraction of that $60 million rolling back the cost suppression is coming back. Again, we control that and we reinforced how much we will control to come back, but that's certainly a factor. Beyond that, in terms of any other OpEx that we may make investments on, of course, we'll continue to make selective investments to drive growth for the year and for the long term. Very select ones.
Mark Hawkins: Just to be clear, in terms of your question on maintenance, you're trying to get at a sense of the magnitude. Frame that just a little bit better for me.
Mark Hawkins: It's fair that the renewal rate is lower. We don't describe or disclose the exact renewal rates and that's been a historical point of order, if you will, but you are absolutely right. The renewal rates are lower and we see some opportunity to take those up. It's not like they are massively lower, but they are lower and an additional uptick on that has significant good implications if we can drive that higher.
Mark Hawkins: I agree. I think the issue is just trying to take a measured approach here from that standpoint of how to (inaudible) basically to take the margin back to where we want it and yet lay the groundwork for the franchise and opportunity we have over the long term with this company, which is a really exciting long-term opportunity. We're just trying to be very thoughtful and measured in terms of how we take this thing forward.
Mark Hawkins: I agree. One thing I would add is that we have talked about our government, in general, the government business is up, you had alluded to that, it is up sequentially and even year-on-year albeit not a huge segment and it's something to address as well.
Mark Hawkins: If you look at where we've been, I think that's the way we would couch it and that's a comment that we're putting out there. Again, I'm telling you these are not targets, but we're trying to give you a sense of our thinking and that is our thinking.
Mark Hawkins: To reinforce Carl's point, in addition to that, even our weeks of inventory in the channel is down sequentially and is below three weeks. So it just reinforces Carl's point. It's a healthy sign.
