Carl Bass: I mean I guess, Sterling, I think there’re really 2 things that we're trying to parse is what was due to our own execution issues, sales realignment and all the rest, versus macroeconomic. I look at the competitive and I don't think that, that played almost any factor in this. Like I said, you look at the first quarter, you look at the first 2 months, we were on target. If you look at the shortfall, it really happened in 3 geographic areas, the vast majority of it comes in 3 areas that I don't think are particularly sensitive to competitive stuff. So I think the real tricky question is trying to ascertain how much is due to faults of our own making versus what's going on in the global economy.
Carl Bass: So for August and what we've seen, and we're relatively late in August relative to other years, we're on track for the guidance that we gave you obviously. And so really nothing about that. What I see is we have 3.5 more weeks under our belt in terms of people moving into their new positions, ironing out some of this. As we said, we’ve really had 7.5 weeks or something like that. July when we start to see the weakness to digest and try to make accommodations to try to fix this. So we've been looking at it for a while. As it relates to the restructuring, there will be people who are moving out of jobs and they will, as we said, there will be people moving into jobs as we continually do. But it’ll be nothing on the scale of what we did in the beginning of the year when there was a big kind of game of musical chairs amongst sales and marketing people within the organization.
Carl Bass: What's interesting, and we called that one in particular, which was what we saw last time, what was the most striking was our AutoCAD and LT business. And that was the most resilient this quarter. So it was totally a contra-indicator from what we had seen in the last downturn. We haven't seen anything on the subscription front. So most of it doesn't look anything like it. Mark, you have...
Carl Bass: Yes, we certainly created a bunch of headroom that allows us much more flexibility about cost going forward.
Carl Bass: So by the way we have -- just -- let me just be clear, we had changes on both sides. And I would just say, relatively speaking, our direct activity was stronger than our indirect. It wasn't a blowout quarter by any means, but it was definitely stronger. What we did is, just to put it in the highest level terms, we went from a geographically organized sales force to one that was focused around the industry. So in some ways, maybe we underestimated because a lot of people still have the same job. So if you were a manufacturing salesperson for us in Central Europe, you still were after the change. But your chain of command had changed because you are now in the manufacturing organization as opposed to being in the European or Central European organization. So it was a big structural change at the top and it was all about organizing around our customer segments. That was really the big change. And it involved a fair amount of movement of personnel. It also probably impacted our ability to get quotas and targets out to our sales force, as well as probably our ability to measure the results as they came in.
Carl Bass: Yes -- I mean, I think we always work closely with our partners. I think there's a fair amount of promotional activity as well as added assist we give in deals. And as what I said, I think if we had more experience than people in place, we might have been able to pick up on the cue’s sooner. But just to repeat myself, there was really 3 parts of the world where we -- and so just to be clear, this is Central Europe, Brazil and India. So lots of other places where we shouldn't paint the broad brush of something is broken there. It may not be optimal. It probably needs improvement. But the shortfall compared to our forecast happened in 3 places. And we had changes in leadership, changes in distribution in places, we had changes in partnership agreements. And so I think the -- almost if we had 3 months of the quarter, we would've been better off than finding out in the last month of the quarter. We would’ve had more time to respond. But you're absolutely right that the resellers are out there doing business. But, for example, in one part of the world, a bunch of our resellers where our business was poor, if you were to speak to them, they would say they had good quarters. Their mix of services and software was decidedly different. And so they’re walking away saying, "I had a good quarter." It was a bad quarter for us. So I think we have to understand that while I think everything I've said is broadly applicable about the changes we need to make and how we're working on it, there were several isolated places that were the major contributors to the shortfall.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean there were changes in -- some of the channel partner agreements that happen every year, there are always changes. In some parts of the world, they were probably a little bit larger this year than other years. And so that was a one. Regardless of the people involved in the administration of it, there were policy changes there. There were also some program changes and there were actually some offerings that were different. So pricing changes and what we put together in different suites and stuff like that. So there were a number of variables involved. And like I said, that's why as we started to dig into it and really dug into the 3 areas where we experienced the shortfall, we saw particular issues cropping up in each one of those that are certainly partially responsible for the problems.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. I mean, well, we are believers that cloud and mobile and social are phenomena that are important technology platforms for design and engineering. And that our offerings in the future will be there. And we've been very clear about this for a long time. What I would say is the way we intend to offer it and the way we're rolling it out, which is already visible is, step one, is to combine our cloud-based offerings to existing products, generally in-suites with subscription. So it's a bundled offering that comes together, and we're offering cloud-based Web services that are complementary to the existing products that exist within the suite. We will roll out different pricing models, termed offerings and other ways for people to use them, as well as à-la-carte ways, so they can get access to more services. And what we hope to see is a switch in which now, the desktop products are the primary component of a suite and that packaged offering, and we think over time, it will move where the desktop component becomes less important or the Web services becomes more important. And so you'll see a change in licensing model, you'll see a change in how we go to market. And we will certainly see a change in the usage model amongst our customers. And then just to put it -- Steve, just to put a time frame on it, we've already introduced a bunch of Web-based services. There's more coming out this year. Beginning of the year, you'll see a lot more. We have a -- right now what I'd say is we have very strong individual offerings. There are things like the PLM 360 and the Autodesk 360, and we will continue to enhance them as we go forward.
Carl Bass: Yes, and I talked to our head of sales yesterday. A bunch of deals that didn't come in have already come in this quarter. I don't want to be hypocritical here. I always make fun of companies when they announce that the missed and it was just lack of a deal or 2 because I think the real explanation is so are you taking up the next quarter to accommodate those deals? We're not doing that. So I wouldn't want to sit here and say it's a deal or 2. But I did check with our sales leaders. And we have seen the deals come in. And also, I think there was an earlier question, it might have been Sterling or Walter. But we haven't seen any real change in the competitive environment out there. So it's not like are -- not like the deals are being lost. But we certainly didn't bring in the number of deals that we needed to.
Carl Bass: Other than it was terrible, no, nothing stood out. It was just a bad result. The only thing I can offer is that our manufacturing products are particularly strong in Europe and Central Europe and so it's disproportionately affected. That's probably the only good insight I can give you. And I will go back to what I've said repeatedly on these calls is, while the results are really disappointing, even when we have good results, I don't draw out too many conclusion from one data point and I wait to see another quarter before we go too far in any direction drawing conclusions about the offerings, the pricing, the promotions or the programs.
Carl Bass: Yes -- Well, I appreciate any hypothesis that anybody has right now. But when we look at it, I think the suites are right down the sweet spot, so to speak, of what our resellers are very capable of selling. I think the performance over the last 2 years has demonstrated that. There is certainly an issue around things like simulation, about whether or not all of our resellers worldwide are capable of supporting things like that. I mean I think that's slightly different PLM, which we've mainly led with the direct sales force. I think those are slightly different. But I go back to 2 things. I think prior results say that our channel partners are quite capable of doing it. And then the second thing is I think the better insights you can get from this is look at a couple of geographic areas and try to ascertain, we don't think there's one explanation that deals with all 3, despite having dissected this upside down. But we do think in each 3 places, there are things that are going on that are worthy of note. But I wouldn't go as broad as the assertion that our partners are having trouble selling particular products.
Carl Bass: Prepared remarks. If you look in there, you can kind of see by geo. And I think we've added some color about specific areas that might better help explain what specifically is going on. But we don't want to break down by division by geo.
Carl Bass: No, we're short of our expectations. But I said, the thing that -- well, let's be clear. What we talked about was the Americas. And that missed our expectations. It was primarily because of Latin America and in particular, Brazil, just to be as clear as possible.
Carl Bass: Yes, we're on track. And what I see the usual amount of moving parts, a little bit of strength in one part of the world, a little bit of weakness, but nothing dramatic. It seems very normal, if you will.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean I'd say the best explanation that I have is that -- I mean business was kind of on track through Q1 and the beginning of Q2. And as we've said, 85% of our business goes through our channel partners. I think as we -- everybody kind of saw at least a hiccup in the economy, we were unable to respond as quickly. And I think a bunch of that comes from the people we had in place. I also think as always happens when we change channel programs, in effect, we're changing incentives. And I think some of the incentives got out of whack with some of our channel partners. And as they always do, they try to find a way to maximize their revenue based on that. And so we've already looked at that and we've addressed it. But I think we -- as I said in my remarks, we might have been better able to identify it and respond more quickly if we've had the same people on the ground.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I mean I'm not familiar -- I mean most of the things we're targeted to generate revenue in July, and the programs were there. They were -- I would say they were managed -- they were conceived, managed and executed by pretty much the same team that has done all of them. So to the extent that they did it well or not, I mean it was an experienced team. They've done this before. We have an evolving set of policies with our partners, we communicated, we're in close contact. So I don't have any insight that, that was part of the problem.
Carl Bass: I mean I think there's dozens of factors, Ross. But I mean your observation is right. And I would say we are being, what I consider, appropriately cautious. We're not -- we're coming off a bad quarter. At this point, forecasting a big jump in growth rate seems inappropriate to me. We're conscious of at least a volatile global economy. I don't think it's worsening, but it's certainly volatile. I mean there are the other factors of FX headwinds and stuff like that. And until we've proven otherwise, I don't think we're going to champion kind of a double digit growth rate. And I'd like to prove it first.
Carl Bass: We're already seeing it. We were actually seeing it. It's just, unfortunately, been offset by fewer licenses.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. Well, I'd say what I'm most pleased about is that it's opening doors in competitive accounts. And that doesn't always mean that their brand-new customers to Autodesk because we do have a pretty broad footprint. But in terms of being their preferred supplier, we -- what I'm most pleased about, we're getting into places where we are not the preferred supplier. And that's very encouraging. In many places, it's being viewed as complementary to their existing PLM system. Some people are considering it as a future placement. But we have pretty extensive trials going on. And what I've been most pleased with is getting to those accounts. There are certainly some in our existing customer base, and I'd say more than particular verticals what we're seeing is just parts of -- we're seeing more similar kinds of problems. So things around new product introduction, things about quality, there are a number of areas in which customers across different segments are trying to solve similar problems and where this solution is particularly well-suited, some of the stuff in the supply chain. So there a handful of different areas that seem to be forming a stronger pattern than a particular vertical versus another.
Carl Bass: Yes, we have definitely studied them all. One's in software, one's outside software. We've looked at all kinds of transitions. Right now, most of what we're doing is -- I mean what we're talking a lot about in developing cloud and mobile applications, the major change that's in front of our customers is going from buying point products to buying suites. And most of that transition came from a perpetual license with upgrades to one with maintenance over the last 6 to 10 years. I think we've managed that fairly successfully. What we hope to do is gradually phase in new kinds of offering that are more annuity-based, more based on termed offerings. But we're not seeing any of that affect our revenues today. But I think it's an issue we'll deal with and we've extensively studied what others have done.
Carl Bass: I mean what we saw in results, it was not good. But the more color on it was -- I mean we -- when saw kind of the same thing, if anything, BIM is becoming more of a fabric of how people do construction projects. It's extending more to construction beyond architecture and engineering. What we did this quarter was we extended BIM. We released our BIM 360 product, as well as we did BIM for the field with an acquisition that we discussed. So it was bringing BIM out to the field, which was also good for construction. So I feel -- despite the results in the AEC vertical, I feel good about what's going on in the industry and the adoption of BIM. We're seeing more and more government-mandated BIM projects. So generally speaking, all the trends we've talked about in the last few quarters are continuing in the customer base.
Carl Bass: Yes, and generally speaking, what I'd say is heavily developed industrialized countries are the leading adopters of suites. And generally, the emerging economies are less so. Just a broad brush so in this case, one out of 3. But given the magnitude and importance of Central Europe, it far outweighs the others.
Carl Bass: Yes, so we spent a lot of time talking to our partners about it. I think the role of resellers will remain largely unchanged as we move more to online services and offerings. Obviously, certain ones will adapt themselves more quickly and move more easily. But in general, I think the opportunity is the same. I think for the various distributors, it's a different question because the role they play in terms of financing, logistics, et cetera, changes dramatically in an online world. I mean I don't want to get too in the weeds here, but I’ve talked to many of our biggest distributors about plans that they have for their business. And I think all of them are aware of these changes and are making plans about it and probably best to talk to them about how they're going to deal with it. But I don't think there is a changed role for the distributor in order to make it through this transition where I feel like for the resellers, it's a much simpler one. They still are the primary contract contact with the customer, customer still needs integration and training and other services. So I think their primary function remains intact and the opportunity does as well.
Carl Bass: No, like I said, at this point, I'm putting more emphasis on our own shortcomings than I am on something that somebody else would see who is not going through a similar transition. I guess that was the end of my comment. So what I see, I don't expect them to necessarily see the same things. I think in 90 days we'll talk and we'll say if we've seen it. Generally speaking, we've really outgrown all of our competitors in the manufacturing space over the last half a dozen years. I see no change really there. If anything, I see more opportunities for us. At this point I see this quarter as an anomaly in terms of gaining market share. But kudos to others who made it through some of the same transitions and macroeconomic weakness that we seem to stumble upon.
Carl Bass: Well, I think a number of things. I'll -- let me give you a few points and Mark has a few things. One, is one of our big markets for M&E is India. That was a weak area. So that definitely affected it. We also had some products that didn't ship in this quarter, which also affected it that we'll see towards the end of the year.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I would say the -- actually the renewals, we were pleased to see actual sequential improvement there. It's been a good year-on-year improvement, modest. So back to the point that Carl is making, these are not the kind of size that we would see like we saw in other kind of economic circumstances.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, sure, Ken -- Gregg. We reduced our heads or we're in the process of reducing our heads by about 520 people roughly speaking. And that is creating headroom, as Carl said, around investment. An investment in cloud and mobile, this is all about transformation and accelerating toward the strategy that we think is so important. I think you can expect in the period of the fiscal year that we plan to reinvest a good portion of that, perhaps as much as 250 people by the time we exit the fiscal year. And then as you look beyond that, we'll continue to invest into '14. And as I think Walter called out, it gives us a little headroom as we're working toward other -- that strategic investment. So hopefully, that helps you, Gregg.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I don't think there's a lot of additional color. To be honest with you, Perry, I think it was just again, as Carl said, we had 3 major areas of focus as we kind of deep dive into the -- some of the execution issues, suites were impacted in those 3 areas as well. There's no real silver bullet to pull out on that.
Mark Hawkins: Jay, here's -- I get them. I understand the math that you're doing. I would actually point you a little bit different. The way you can actually map this out pretty straightforwardly is take a look at our half 1 growth rate, which is about 6% in spend. And take a look at the guidance, it's implying minus 2% to plus 2% growth rate in spend in half 2. If you look at the differential from going at a 6% run rate to between minus 2% and plus 2%, I think you can get the math number that gives you really good feel for the net effect of the reduction plus the investment. And that will map that out I think quite well for you, Jay.
Mark Hawkins: Jay, we don't guide on the license -- excuse me, the maintenance portion of this. I would say the maintenance growth rate going forward is really a function of the prior 4 quarters in many ways. Just the momentum we have, the attach rates, the renewal rate and such. But we don't actually guide in specificity there. So I can't really give you a lot more color there.
Mark Hawkins: I would say that when we look at our linearity for the quarter thus far in, basically it looks on track at this stage of course. And there's no big deviations in these particular areas compared to what we would expect for the quarter.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, let me speak to that, Ross. First of all, you're correct that in the billings, one of the playbook items that did work was our multiyear event when there was a price change, it was a compelling event. And that did drive billings. It didn't show up as revenue, but it did drive the billings in a reasonable way. And so that's one aspect. The second thing, that when you look at maintenance billings beyond that, I think the main driver for that has to do with attach rate and getting enough licenses that are out there so that the more license you'd sell, the more opportunity we have to drive maintenance billings. So I think it's more a function of license growth right now from that standpoint. I think for ASPs, over time as people do renew suites, we will see that the thing we talked about before.
Mark Hawkins: So a couple of things. One is we're not assuming any major changes to the economy in Europe, number one. Melissa, secondly, in terms of the, just the macro consideration, as was called out for sure, we're dealing with both the execution issue and the 3 areas that Carl called out, and then also we're mindful of a dynamic economic environment. So we're -- that is coming into our consideration. But I think it leads with the execution of the 3 main areas. It's consideration when we think about the guidance.
Mark Hawkins: Matt, first of all, we -- it's probably a little early to talk about FY '14 in terms of targets per se. But one of the things I can get to you, the spirit of your question, we are absolutely committed to our long term operating margin goal of 30%-plus. And so we are driving toward that, and you can see that certainly with the first year of our 5-year plan at 480 the second at 260 in this year even with a headroom -- headwind, you can see the approximately 150 basis points. So we're very serious about that. We're still driving toward the 30%-plus, and while whereby I'm not going to comment specifically about '14, I think the spirit of the question I think you get is we're very focused on the operating margin in addition to the growth.
Mark Hawkins: Well, I think we tried to talk a little bit earlier about trying to give ourselves some room to invest in these critical areas that are absolutely right on point with our long-term strategy as a company. So no, I don't think that these slow us down. I think this whole movement, this whole action is difficult and delicate as it is, is to accelerate toward our strategy. So no, operating margin and growth are our strategic intent. And we plan to continue to make progress.
Mark Hawkins: Well, Sterling, I would say that certainly, if you look at areas like Central Europe, let's just take as an example, is an important area for suites in the achievement of our goals in suites. That would be a good example where there was a direct correlation. That would be one example.
Mark Hawkins: I guess I would say a couple things here, Sterling. One is that part of the restructuring is, as we called out, the primary overlay is to accelerate our cloud mobile development and the headroom for that. The other thing is really the secondary part of that is to really clear the way. It's almost the second aspect of moving through the industry change. And so what we found as we got through this is that there's a little -- some overlaps, some things that we needed to clear up and just kind of streamline as we've gone through this. So I think this actually should help, not hinder, as it relates to that particular point, would be my thoughts. Carl, I don't know…
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I -- that's exactly what I would add is I think that's a combination of product and then also the touch points of these particular geos that added to the issue. It was more in the hardware side. It was the biggest impact, by the way, between the 2, between that and the animation.
