Carl Bass: Hi, Stan. It's actually a really small amount; we're taking it down, if you project it out over years. This is just a timing adjustment from where we started. The important thing to look at here is to remember that what we talk about here in those numbers is net subscriber adds. So the number of subscriptions we added was in keeping with exactly what we wanted and that was different. And as I expect, there will be a bunch of questions. I'll go into this more deeply. But to answer your question directly, the net down and for a number of reasons, but in general we were right on track and that's why we I gave the unit numbers the licenses, so you could gauge it. If you put this on to the total days the number really makes no difference in the model as you project it out any number of years.
Carl Bass: Yeah. So, yes. I didn't even get to the next questioner before we got more questions about it, so we might as well just walk through it. So the first thing is, let's just remember that the 80,000 is net adds. The unit volume was nearly twice that in terms of subscriptions. There are two things that go to it. One is a maintenance base that is now very big, approximately 2.1 million subscribers, and a renewal rate that's less than 100%. So any small change there or any change in timing or any change in buying behaviour even at a small amount changes the reading at this moment in time when we measure it. And the other thing is the attach rates are less than the renewal rate. As we've disclosed over the years. So a little less influential but it does come from a little bit from the tax rate and a little bit from churn in the maintenance phase on the existing model.
Carl Bass: Well, let me just finish on the other part of it is if you don't do the net of it, subscription adds were just where we anticipated they would be.
Carl Bass: It's about 50/50. I mean, at least this quarter it was. Once again I try to highlight it in my remarks. I can tell you exactly what happened in Q3 and in that case it's 50/50. If you look going forward, because of the difficulty in projecting our customer behaviour precisely about whether they'll choose to stock up on perpetual licenses or move to desktop subscription, it's a little bit harder to project. We just thought we'd be a little bit more cautious and conservative, particularly with the mix. And so I want to draw two pictures. We're more cautious about the net adds. We gave you the other facts and figures to show really that the unit volume is steady and that the demand is high. And so I don't want to confuse those two issues. But I can tell you Q3 really 50/50, Q4 and going into next year, a little bit harder to be precise about.
Carl Bass: Yes Saket, that's right. So, to be clear, what we did in Creative Finishing, to this point we sold that product on hardware. So its software license and then we built it – we actually packaged it on the hardware and shipped it out. What we did in Q4 or at the end of Q3 is, based on really feedback from partners and customers that wanted the flexibility to use their own hardware is converted Creative Finishing software to a software only offering. So what that pulled out of our revenue stream is the hardware that was effectively a pass-through. We bought it, packaged the software on and passed it through. So, as you would imagine, it's pretty low margin business. Now, Q4 is the biggest quarter for that as well, so I wouldn't take the 10 million that we see the impact in Q4 of this year and just multiply it by four. But it's somewhere between $25 million to $40 million, is what would come out, low margin business but all hardware only.
Carl Bass: You asked a lot of questions, Shakeel. So let me jump in and if I missed one remind me. The first question of 33,000 net new maintenance adds for the quarter but billings being effectively flat sequentially. I think the thing you've got to bear in mind is 33,000 on the base of about 2.1 million. So the overall growth -- the growth of the overall base which of course is what drives that is not nearly as big as 33,000 would sound. On the attach rates, what we are seeing though is we continue to see attach rates growing. Now, not -- it still is below the overall renewal rate for maintenance but the attach rates growing, it's growing on LT which is still a step function below the other products. But it's growing on the other products as well and renewals continue to be strong through the quarter. So we're not seeing any significant change there.
Carl Bass: Yes you know, the hard part about calling that is calling the number of customers during Q4 that actually take advantage of the last chance to buy perpetual license. To the extent that that's a big number, but a lot of people look at this and say hey, I want to buy my perpetual license while I can with the attach rates we're having that will drive a significant uptick in maintenance ARR. To the extent that we continue to see what we're beginning to see is a lot of customers saying okay, I've now gotten comfortable with desktop subscription, we see it growing at substantial rates year-on-year, but growing sequentially as well. And if more people say I'm ready for -- I'm ready to make that shift, that would again drive desktop subscriptions but only when they actually need it. There's no end of sale on desktop subs. So better news for us long-term, the more people that accept the shift over to desktop subs, but there's no compelling event in Q4 for that set of customers. So it's really trying to predict the mix of people that want to take advantage versus the mix of people who say no, I'm ready to make the shift.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think there are two different dynamics going on. I think customers, particularly small customers, are choosing to buy more and more online as they get more comfortable with it. The factor that we get to influence is the experience. Outsourcing it has its limitations in terms of the experience you're giving customers and buying and maintaining their things online. We felt like we'd grown that business to a point where we needed to control it ourselves. Second important thing about it is we felt like we were paying too much money for the service to do that and so we wanted to bring it in so we could lower the cost per transactions and improve the experience.
Carl Bass: Yes. I probably found out about the filing the same way you did. I happened to be at Japan at the time. And somebody sent me a news article. When I saw you that, part of the filing was that, Sachem I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing it correctly, Sachem had filed. I reached out. I spoke with Scott. We didn't say anything of substance, but we agreed to get together. Just as I've done with many investors. We continue to be open to talk to all of our investors, whether they file or not.
Carl Bass: I think there's two things going on. I think macro is relatively steady. We have not seen a dramatic change. I know this will come up so we might as well just cover it now. The Americas, U.S. in particular, continues to be relatively strong, as does Central and Northern Europe. We see weakness in Brazil and Russia and the Middle East. China I actually feel is slightly stronger than I think generally people are giving the credit for. And Japan is weaker than I think anybody would want. And you know, I think that's the round-up of what the macro looks like. So in general, I think macro is not a huge factor. It's neither particularly positive, nor particularly negative. FX continues to be negative, as it is for everybody. And looks like it might continue for a while. But that's kind of the round-up of what I would see about macro. I don't think the competitive situation has changed very much in the mainstream businesses. There's different dynamics in some of our cloud businesses. We're kind of leading the way, but other than that, not a huge amount of change.
Carl Bass: Okay. So first channel partners and then the switch. So if you look at channel partners, let's just back up for a second and maybe have a little discourse on channel partners and checking with channel partners. The first thing, just to remind everybody, is if you look at it broadly 30% of our business -- 20% to 30% is the very top tier, less than a tenth of a percent of our customers. And at the so-called bottom of the pyramid, people going through lower cost channels like the eStore, that's 20% to 30% of our business. When you get to the middle part of our business, that is our traditional good partners, one of the things also is that business is geographically aligned like the rest of our revenue with about 25% in the U.S. and 75% outside. It's one of the reasons just on a kind of an aside why often the channel checks don't correlate as well. That if you're only starting with 40% of the business or 50% of the business and you talk to a sampling of 25%, you're sampling 12.5% of the people that you would like to. Overall, we have more than 2,000 channel partners. So use that as a backdrop to this. I would totally agree with what you're saying, Brent. I think the larger partners understand the transition better, have moved more quickly, have prepared their business, as you would expect, but I wouldn't say it's uniform. There are also smaller partners who are some of our best partners who have understood this, who have always had really healthy businesses that provide great services. But if I look by and large, I think your characterization is correct. If you look at it from the business point of view, we gave you all kinds of metrics during my remarks about why the channel partners are selling it. If anything, I would say our channel partners; the traditional channel partners are more enthusiastic than desktop subscription than we originally planned. We knew from the beginning that this is a tough transition for cash flow sensitive businesses. We've tried to do our best to ease it. We gave plenty of warning. When others were urging us to make the transition happen faster, we thought this was the prudent thing to do and not only getting a company with our kind of balance sheet through it, but most importantly getting those 2,000 channel partners through it. Having said that, I don't think every channel partner will make it through in an identical form. There will probably be some consolidation out there. There will be some change in business, slightly more than the natural churn that we see there. But I would just generally say channel partners get it. They've gotten on. It reminds me a little bit when we first brought out subscription, and as I listen to the names who have asked questions so far, many of you were there when we did that. And our channel partners thought subscription, if you had listened to them in the moment, was the end of their business. I think almost everyone you ask today they would say it is the best part of their business. And so I think in the same way we have been very considerate and deliberate in how we move not only our business but an important part of moving their business as well. The second thing was, yeah, it was really gratifying. This was a very prestigious firm. You know, what has happened around the world where we have -- we have a strong market position in architecture, engineering and construction software. But people don't realize there are many competitive products. There are strong local products. There are many reasons why people choose other things. We have been working on the periphery with this firm for a while. The thing that put them over the edge is really how prevalent building information modeling and particularly as Revit as the tool of choice is for building information modeling. And let me just digress [ph] for a second. People don't realize this about our business sometimes, but while we were in a very complex technology business technology adoption doesn't happen overnight. For those who may have forgotten, we bought Revit back in 2002, I believe. So we're 14 years later and we still think there's lots of market penetration. If you were to look at a graph of the revenue, the first five years would not have impressed you. So, I mean, it's really gratifying to see how long this is and that at this point in time we are winning the business of some of the best and most creative firms in the world. I expect that trend to continue and as you've seen, it's not only in the architectural space but in the construction space, we continue to gain market share and we think it's an important part of what we're doing investing in our cloud-based businesses where really the future of this industry is.
Carl Bass: Sure. Last year would have been toward the higher end of that because we had a pretty successful upgrade set of sales last year. So it's a bit of an anomaly. Definitely it would have been the high end of that range. So if you go back before that, and really before we in earnest got into the business model transition, it was right around the midpoint of that range, between 500 and 800. And that's what we're seeing again this year, in terms of net demand, in other words, net sales in the market, right about the midpoint.
Carl Bass: Yeah, Gregg, we saw what you'd expect to see. So to be clear, we didn't end of sale all perpetual licenses in APAC this quarter ex-Japan. It was only LT only the low end, so very similar to what we had done in Australia, New Zealand in the prior quarter. We saw an increase in the volume of LT sales as we approached that end of sale. So it was right in line with our expectations. And the one thing I'd say we're seeing with these end of sales is they are definitely more backend loaded in the quarter than our traditional run rate. So it makes a little bit more challenging in forecasting. I used to talk about or almost brag about, you could look at the first three weeks and it was a statistical phenomenon to predict week 13. These promotions -- and I expect them to continue through the next three quarters possibly four, are just a little bit harder because we really are creating these events and it's just human nature not to act until the last moment.
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, I'd say two things. One is the plan is to continue to ratchet it down going into next year. There's a little bit of the effect of currency. But on a constant currency basis I'd say it would be coming down into the range we mentioned. The other thing was it was definitely a change from Investor Day. And truthfully, we've been speaking a lot over the last six months with many of our long-term constructive investors and they totally understand and certainly believe in the model transition and the strength of the franchise, but there was definitely a hankering for greater cost control. So we listened carefully, and you saw. And so we put plans into place earlier. We did something in Q3, doing the same kind of thing in Q4. Some things take a little longer to put in play and it's a combination of ongoing operating expenses and then structural things like we do for the either the eStore, which, again ironically, sometimes take an investment in order to do that. So that one in particular is an investment in our IT infrastructure to do it, in the long run it pans out, but some of the fluctuation you see in costs are due to things like that that have a benefit over a longer time horizon. But we're continuing to make some of those changes. Let's just back up on the expense question a little bit to look at – there are really two things that we're doing in parallel right now. And in each of those cases we're running dual models. So on the business model we really had business systems from front to back end that are for the old traditional model. We have been building out a complete set of front-end and back-end to service new customers in new ways. And on the technology side, while most of our revenue is on traditional Windows-based machines with installed software, by far the fastest growing and certainly the future of the company is on cloud computing and we've been building out, not only infrastructure, but products and services for that, and we strongly believe in the future there. The reason why we have confidence to not only do it during the transition but beyond is that some of those costs will obviously go away. They are necessary now, but they become redundant over time. So we took strong action to do it and we'll be doing more and talking about it more. But for now that's probably enough.
Carl Bass: As we talked about before, we think there are couple areas. But, in general I would look across the board and I would look at -- but if you peel that back, what you would see is some of the investments we made -- e-store is like a perfect example of where those were expenses that were in there, now that we're rolling it out we will see the benefit of it in lower cost structure for people transact that way. We've done it in North America. We'll continue to do it in other geos over time and lower the cost structure there. So as these places where we made investments for the health of the future of the business come to fruition we'll start doing it. So in some ways looking at it by function, I know that's a convenient way for you, it's easier, in some ways it's chunkier because a lot of it is around initiatives whether it's creative finishing hardware, what we're doing there. But the bulk of it will come from redundant stuff we're doing as we're able to move more activity to the new models in both the business transition and the technology transition and invest less in the traditional things. And that's all I have to say on this subject, Brendan.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think we spent a lot of time on things like subscriptions, but let me just take a moment here and go through where these new customers are because I think sometimes we lose track that the health of the business is going to be about news new customers. And when you look at most of our cloud-based offerings, the first thing I'd say is that we're way ahead of the competition and the customers are coming along quickly. We might have been ahead of the customers slightly, but not for very long. And so when you look at things like BIM 360, these are either brand new customers to Autodesk or new parts of the company that had no use for our other kinds of tools. If you look at things like PLM 360, almost entirely these are new customers to Autodesk. Our new Internet of Things, the IoT product, is almost all new customers to Autodesk. And as Scott referenced and we’ve talked about repeatedly, Fusion is clearly one where we're winning market share from existing competitors. Those are all places that are bringing in new customers and I expect that trend to accelerate as we continue to kind of gain ground and the world moves towards more cloud based tools.
Carl Bass: Brendan, I never should have gotten into that speech, should I. Yeah. Let us get back and figure out how we can best convey what we're doing. I think both, there’re two things, tell me if this would be helpful, is the number of units and something about the percentage of new customers.
Carl Bass: Yeah, so this can -- it's a place where we've been spending a lot of time thinking and planning for it because you're absolutely right, complexity and particularly unintended complexity drives cost. And this is a huge opportunity for us to simplify and reduce the cost. It also makes for a better experience for our customers. And we think we can make our customers get more value and pay us more. And we've talked about this a lot with our enterprise customers. When we've given them a more flexible licensing mechanism, they use more software. They paid us more per year. And I would say at least anecdotally they're happier about it because they really understand where the use is. And I think in the last two Investor Days we’ve talked about that dynamic. The biggest thing in my mind we can do is extend that flexibility that we now have really only sold directly by us to our largest customers to the bulk of our customers in the part that's serviced by our traditional channel partners. And so we really want our mid-tier customers, the smaller, medium businesses to get that same kind of flexibility. You're absolutely, right, Jay, we need to make sure, handing all of our products is not particularly helpful, but also breaking it down into 10,000 SKUs is not helpful either. And so we're looking at kind of the minimal set that we need so they can pay an appropriate price and get a set of tools that they might need. In addition, what we're going to do is that, is layer in cloud services so that they can really pay on demand for the things they may or may not need. But it's really about that flexibility which is where we feel the way to simplify it and to make it a better experience for them and to make it more lucrative for us.
Carl Bass: So, first of all, Jay, we appreciate the suggestions that you've published. And we've rejected them all, first of all.
Carl Bass: But -- yeah, stick to your day job. But, so yes, it's an important thing for us to offer and we will be offering it. Whether it stays that name or not, stay tuned. But yeah, it really is that flexible offering. And remember, it's not only just simplifying and the cost structure, we also – and this is slightly more complicated, but the question has come up so what do you do about the 2.1 million users and do they move to desktop subscription. And I'll reiterate here there's 2.1 million customers have historically been our best customers. They still are our best customers today. We think the way to move them over, so that they get more value and pay more, is to move them to flexible license offerings at their discretion. And so we have a number of knobs and dials to do that. But what we really believe is the essence of it is having a more compelling offering and everything we've been shown to date is some combination of access to more desktop products and access to the cloud services is the thing that is compelling. So you'll hear more about it. We'll introduce it. At this point, I feel like we have enough moving parts in the model that we don't need to introduce a lot more, but you will hear more about it during the year.
Carl Bass: So I have a point of view. It is not widely shared by my executive management team. Yeah, I feel like promotions are important for one reason, and that is to create a compelling event for people to choose to buy. For the most part, us as well as our competitors, we sell on the value of the offerings, the quality of the offerings, the suitability of the offerings, the completeness of the offerings is what makes people buy it. When they buy is influenced by everybody likes a deal. That if you look around the world, the number of companies who never sell with a discount is tiny in the technology business it might be nonexistent with the exception of Apple. So I see this being a way to control the timing but of course in the -- you want to minimize this as much as possible and only do it so you can create compelling events. We have a disciplined approach to promotions. They're centrally controlled. We're trying to influence behaviour. We're trying to influence behaviour not only of our customers but of our partners. And so I think it is one of the tools we have. I would be reluctant to give it up. So you need to use it judiciously. There's an art to using it. And I think the more dogmatic point of view in which there's never a promotion and you only sell at list price doesn't fit reality and I think it takes one of the valuable tools out of your hand.
Scott Herren: Yes, Saket. If all you're trying to bridge is the midpoint of the previous guidance for the full year to the midpoint of the current guidance for the full year, what I'd say is a big chunk of that is where we see ourselves coming out of Q3. So if you just add the numbers up this year, we've added about 236,000 net subs. When you peel back how that compared to where we thought we'd be at this point the bigger driver of the delta is what you said. It's on the maintenance side versus on the new model side. The new model growth has been good. We continue to see it looking strong, particularly year-on-year. But it continues to grow strongly sequentially as well. When you look at Q4, I think what Carl said is spot on. What we're trying to do is take a somewhat conservative view of what we think the net adds will be. There's a significant opportunity as we hit the first milestone or the next milestone in our business model transition and end of sale perpetual licenses for individual products and trying to gauge what that does in terms of driving additional demand relative to a very large maintenance base. If you go back several years, Q4 has always been our biggest quarter for perpetual license sales, which means it's also our biggest quarter for renewals and there's an enormous maintenance renewal amount that gets done during the quarter. And it's balancing those two off, that's what's led us to where we are.
Scott Herren: No, it's actually neither. In order to attach a maintenance agreement you need a new licensed sale. And so when we looked at new licensed sales for the year this year, as we were laying out the plan, it's a little bit like doing a channel check, where you look at a small sample size and try and extrapolate to the rest of the world. And so what we had based that, what our expectations on the end of sale of perpetual and what that would do in terms of driving new license sales, is we based it on some of the tests that we had done and we based it on the experience we had with the end of sale of upgrades. And what we've seen is attach rates continue to be strong and strengthening and renewal rates have stayed strong for maintenance. But the number of people who are buying that last perpetual license are less than we expected when we set up the plan for the year.
Scott Herren: Yeah. So, I was going to say the same thing. When you look at the underlying demand, in other words the units that we sold during the quarter, it's right in line with what our expectations were and where it's been historically. And then, if you slice it the other way, by industry vertical and I think we've got this – I'm sure we've got this in the prepared remarks. The revenue growth rates in AEC were around 4%, but in manufacturing it was the same, about 3% or 4%. So we're not really seeing any bifurcation by vertical at this point.
Scott Herren: No, Brendan, we're not seeing any significant change in that yet. The one update that I would give and Carl actually had it referenced at least in his opening commentary, if you remember in that same set of slides that Steve Blum went through, he talked about percentage of our total desktop sales that are being driven by the channel and we showed what that trend had looked like over the last six quarters. And we did see that, and it kind of gets at the question earlier that Phil had about what we're seeing in the channel or Brent asked about the channel. We are seeing that continue to grow. So if you remember that slide we said at the end of Q2, 58% of our desktop subscription sales came through the channel and the quarter we just closed that was up about 2 to 3 more points. So it's the majority of our desktop sales now that are coming through channel partners and it's continuing to increase.
Scott Herren: It also varies by product. Right? So -- you remember, we also went through for some of the cloud products, Fusion in particular, the statistic of new customers that that have product -- of all the customers they brought in, what percent are through. I'm I think it was north of 85% on Fusion. So it's less whether it's coming from the channel or is it just desktop. And it's more -- these products actually getting to increasing the TAM that Amar talked about and really getting to a new customer set. And there hasn't been any change from all the data that we just showed you about six weeks ago, but we are continuing to see a very positive trend of new customers coming in.
Scott Herren: And to the second part of your question there, if you're getting at are we still going to have a differentiation between AEC and manufacturing and M&E, that's clearly part of the thinking. Andrew was getting a little bit of this in his presentation at Investor Day of how do we simplify that, but continue to have something that is targeted and it makes sense for our user base in the various verticals. So we'll continue to maintain that at some level, but greatly simply the way we did it.
