Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon and welcome everyone to the call. We again reported record third quarter revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and free cash flow. Encouragingly, the business is performing as we’d expect given secular growth tailwinds and macroeconomic, geopolitical policy and COVID-19-related headwinds. Subscription renewal rates remain resilient. Our competitive performance remains strong. Outside of Russia and China, new business growth slightly decelerated in the quarter, most notably in Europe, but overall growth remains good. And we see less demand for multiyear upfront and more demand for annual contracts than we expected. We are hopeful this is a positive signal for our transition next year to annual billings for multiyear contracts. Overall, our leading indicators are consistent with these trends. Channel partners remain optimistic, but with hints of caution. Usage rates continue to grow modestly in the U.S. and APAC, excluding China, but are flat in Europe, excluding Russia. And bid activity on BuildingConnected remains robust as the industry continues to work through its backlog. We are reinforcing the secular tailwinds to our business by accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, creating broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bringing new customers into our ecosystem. Our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused investments through the economic cycle, which enables Autodesk to remain well invested to realize the significant benefits of its strategy while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments later. In September, we hosted more than 10,000 customers and partners at Autodesk University. There was incredible energy, excitement and optimism for being together in person for the first time in 3 years. There was also palpable momentum behind the digital transformation of the industries we serve. At AU, we announced Fusion, Forma and Flow, our three industry clouds, which will connect data, teams and workflows in the cloud on our trusted platform. By increasing our engineering velocity, moving data from files to the cloud and expanding our third-party ecosystem, they will enable Autodesk to further increase customer value by delivering even greater efficiency and sustainability. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our third quarter financial performance and guidance for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Saket, good to hear from you. Alright. Look, Q3 was very much like Q2 and that the quarter was fairly consistent, right? What was different between Q3 and Q2 was the slowing down in Europe taking Russia out. And that was definitely something that was different about the quarters. But that was consistent across the entire quarter. There was no acceleration or change of that as you proceeded across the quarter. Europe was weak throughout the quarter. As were – some of the preferences with regards to multiyear billings, there was no kind of trend of more and more reluctance as you headed further and further down the quarter. So it’s a fairly consistent quarter with regards to all of those things and fairly consistent performance of the business across the quarter. So nothing that fundamentally changed in the quarter. Look, one of the things – another thing that was different about Q3 over Q2 is that we had some currency fluctuations towards the end. And that really is probably the only thing that was different, and those currency fluctuations were responsible for the majority of the small revenue miss.
Andrew Anagnost: Alright, Jay. So I’ll start with regards to the Forma evolution. It’s going to be kind of similar to what happened with Fusion, all right? And I’ll kind of tell it this way. When we started Fusion, we actually anchored Fusion on two things. We started Fusion upfront in the design process. You probably don’t remember the early days of Fusions, Fusion was actually a conceptual design application. It was highly focused on consumer products design and upfront design processes. And we started to bolting onto it the downstream processes close to the [indiscernible] manufacturing, and we started building cloud-based connections between those two and basically filling off the middle between those two bookends of manufacturing and conceptual design. Think of the evolution of Forma is very similar to that, right? The cloud – the Forma cloud is going to start off focusing on the upfront conceptual phases of design, helping architects, planners, developers, all types of people that have to deal with early conceptual decisions about utilization, space utilization, aligning and distributing various aspects of development or an individual building and helping them make some better decisions far upfront in the design. But it’s also going to work to integrate downstream to what we’re doing in Construction Cloud. So Construction Cloud will start getting very close to some of the early bits of what Forma does. And over time, what’s going to happen is Forma and Construction Cloud, Construction Cloud representing the downstream example of manufacturing, all the bits in between are going to be filled out on the same platform, similar to the evolution that we walked through with Fusion. And that will basically bring the entire process to the cloud over time, but continuously adding value to what our customers are doing today throughout the entire development and evolution of that cloud.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, one thing continues to pressure the industry more than the demand, and it is the labor shortages and the capacity to execute. Construction companies still have a backlog of business. They are still struggling to execute through the business that they have. I’m sure you saw that some of the leading indicators of architectural buildings have gone or entered into a shrinking territory, which means that architects are going to see some decline in some of their buildings moving forward, but they also still have a backlog of business. So we’re still seeing customers saying, look, you know what, I have a pretty big pipeline of business that I haven’t executed on a queue of projects, and I still have capacity problems of getting through it. They are labor-related, they are material related, they are execution related. So we still have an overhang of backlog that’s going to continue into next year for a lot of our customers, and that’s what we’re hearing from our customers. That’s not to say they are not seeing pressure, and that’s not to say that they are not seeing some pressure in various segments. But they are still seeing a pretty good book of business for the next 12 to 18 months. Now as things continue, they’ll start to see kind of downward pressure in some of that backlog. But right now, they are all much more concerned about their ability to execute than they are about the book of business that they are accumulating.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. Great. Adam. No, actually, there is no change in those demand preferences with regards to collections and what people are buying. The mix of state essentially is same, the renewal rate of the states pretty steady. If anything, what we’re seeing is softness in the low end of our business, which is what you would expect in a climate like this. LT growth has lowed, LT renewal rates have seen some pressure. That’s where we’re seeing things. The collections percentages, the collections renewal rates, these have remained steady throughout the year and throughout the quarter.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first off, Gal, manufacturing grew 13%, 14% on constant currency, that’s still best-in-class for our space. So, we continue to believe that we are taking share in that respect. Look, you can’t have a slowdown in Europe, where we are very strong, without seeing some slowdown in new Innovyze [ph] acquisition with regards to Fusion. However, we still continue to acquire more new users than any of our competitors in the space. So, even in the face of some headwinds where we see some slowing, we are outpacing our competitors, which is kind of the important metric here in terms of the appetite and desire for Fusion. It continues to be the disruptive player, the disruptive price point, the disruptive capabilities. And our customers continue to embrace the solution even in the environment of headwinds. So, we are not concerned because customers really need the efficiency of an end-to-end connected solution, and they really want what they get at the kind of price points that we deliver with Fusion. So, we continue to be the preferred solution. I continue that – I expect that to continue, and I expect our relative performance to remain strong.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I think we have got a good rhythm in our compliance business right now. I mean I think COVID was a very unique situation where there was a sudden and precipitous impact on our customers. I think we are heading into kind of a different environment in many respect. Of course, manufacturers are seeing increased costs in terms of energy and material costs and things associated with that. So, the pressures are real. But I think the rate and pace that we are on right now with regards to license compliance makes sense. Like I have always said, this isn’t something that we are going to slam the accelerator on and try to move faster. But right now, I don’t see us actually changing our pace or slowing down in any kind of way. I think we are at a nice clip right now, and I think that we will be able to maintain it through any kind of bumpiness that we might see as we head into the winter.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first off, one of the things we did to just start Forma, as you might recall at the beginning of the pandemic, we acquired a Norwegian company called Spacemaker. And we have continued to invest in that team, and we will continue to expand that team either by repurposing existing resources to work with that team or by adding additional resources to that team to make sure that we are on track. But one of the foundational investments that supports all of the things we are trying to do with our investment in data. And that’s an ongoing investment in trying to break up Revit files and make them more accessible in the cloud as granular data. Forma and – by nature is built net native on the cloud and it has granular data at its core. So, that’s one of the kind of core vectors that we will be doing. But we will be incrementally investing to ensure that we are heading on the right path with this solution. But we have done some of that already. And we have kind of absorbed some of those investments today. Now, I think the question about timeline is a really good one because these kind of transformations – what we are doing with Forma is different, right. What we are doing with Revit to improve its performance and improve its capabilities based on what our customers are asking us to do is making their current tools better. But what Forma is doing, especially with its connection – its native connections to downstream process is different. It takes time for different to penetrate the industry, just like different took time with Fusion. It was – we have been working on Fusion for over a decade, alright, roughly speaking a decade. So, you can expect that it’s going to take 5 years for Forma to mature and even longer for it to totally replace what our customers are doing. However, our goal is to incrementally add value to the process as time goes on, just like we did with Fusion. Fusion, we added incremental value with the connection to downstream manufacturing. In Forma, we are going to add incremental value with regards to the data platforms and the connection to the downstream construction processes. So, that’s all connected, but it is going to take time similar to what we saw with Fusion.
Andrew Anagnost: So with regards to retention rates, look, retention rates continue to be strong and maintain steadiness. I think we are going to continue to see that steadiness into next year. The one area where we expect to see softness with macro headwinds is at the low end of our market. So the low end of the market is low ASPs, but high volume. So, the retention rates can move around on a volume basis when there is headwinds like this. But generally speaking, broadly across our business, we see retention rates holding up. Our products are mission-critical to what our customers do. They need them. But at the low end of our business, we will probably see some headwinds there, but they won’t be material to the larger business.
Andrew Anagnost: So with regards to – I just want to give a clarification on that question. With regards to the competitive environment in what way in terms of how that – how does it – just give me a clarification on your question a little bit there. I didn’t quite understand.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, okay. Okay, good. I just wanted to make sure that I was in it. So look, we are in better shape than some of our competitors that are not profitable. In certain situations, people are going to be chasing, I think long-term things that kind of boost revenue or pull revenue forward. They will be doing customer unfriendly things to try to pull things forward. We are not in that position right now, especially in certain types of sectors. We are maintaining customer-friendly practices. We are focusing on the long-term. We’re investing in the long-term. And that will actually provide competitive advantage as we move out of the slowdown. And it’s always great to be in a position to invest during a slowdown and to not have to pull short-term levers to try to achieve profitability, maintain profitability or get in the way of things. We will probably have more dry powder for inorganic activity than some of our competitors as we head through this. So yes, strong balance sheet actually helps us invest ahead of the curve while we go through these things. So I am pretty confident that we are ahead of the game in a lot of places.
Debbie Clifford: Hi, Saket. Hope you are doing great. So we will give formal guidance for fiscal ‘24 in February when we report on next quarter’s results. But here are some things to think about. First, on revenue. At this point, we expect some exogenous headwinds out of the gate. We will have about a 5-point-or-so incremental FX headwind. That’s because of the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar and then another point of incremental headwind from exiting Russia. That’s going to make it tough for us to grow revenue beyond double digits. On margin, the revenue headwind creates margin growth headwinds, which likely means limited progress on reported margins in fiscal ‘24. Put another way, margins will look better at constant exchange rates. And then on free cash flow, FactSet consensus right now is a range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. There is a couple of important things to consider. The first is the rate at which our customers transition to annual billings. And the second is the overall macroeconomic environment. We continue to be focused on executing on that transition as fast as possible because while the change is good for us, and it’s good for our customers, from a financial standpoint, we really want the noise behind us. So remember, the faster that we move the multiyear based annual billings, the greater the free cash flow headwind we will see in fiscal ‘24. On macro, we will, as usual, give our fiscal ‘24 guidance based on the macro conditions that we see as we exit fiscal ‘23.
Debbie Clifford: And Jay, to your second question, channel compensation, the details, they are still in the works. But ultimately, how we think about engaging with our channel partners, engaging with our customers, how we think about the compensation programs, everything is about delivering value to our customers, driving adoption, driving customer satisfaction. So, examples of some of the things that you’ve seen us do historically are things like moving more front-end incentives to back-end incentives that mandate some kind of adoption metrics, things like that, again, all in service of trying to deliver value. And in terms of the impact on margins, well, we haven’t guided to margins next year, we haven’t guided specifically to anything next year other than some of the breadcrumbs that I just left you guys. But I would say that as we’ve said before, we’re committed to achieving our margin target in that 38% to 40% range in the fiscal ‘23 to ‘26 window.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So overall, our messaging in these two areas hasn’t changed. So we were talking about long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred in that 20s range, and it’s going to continue to be there. The impact of our guidance adjustment for billings, a little over $100 million on a $5 billion number is not significant. And so we’re not anticipating that they will have a major impact on the metrics that you described. As we think about next year, I don’t have anything additional to share on how to think about the decline or what have you, other than to reiterate what I said before, and that is to think about the FactSet consensus that’s out there right now, that range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. And then to reiterate that it’s really our goal to move as fast as possible because we really like to get this financial noise behind us.
Debbie Clifford: The faster the transition, well, first, I want to continue to characterize that the impact of the numbers is relatively small, and it would have a minor follow-on implications to next year. But ultimately, what was built into our guidance was an expectation of a certain proportion of the business that was going to be multiyear upfront. A small portion of those customers have elected to be annual. So rather than it being a negative impact to next year, it would be a very slight positive impact to next year because we would have annual billings next year that weren’t in the form of a multiyear upfront transaction this year. But I want to continue to reiterate that the impact is relatively small. The impact to our billings guidance this year is relatively small. And if you think about the scale of the free cash flow number next year, I want to go back to that range that I was talking about that FactSet consensus range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. And our goal really is to move the totality of the multiyear base to annual billings as fast as possible. And the faster we go, the greater that headwind is going to be to free cash flow next year.
Debbie Clifford: No. I think you are thinking about it in a directionally accurate way. The billings reduction then has a follow-on implication to the free cash flow reduction. There is nothing else going on there.
Debbie Clifford: Okay. So let’s – taking detailed note. So in terms of the incentives, the incentives for both our channel partners – well, for our channel partners are still in place. So that’s part of the programmatic details that we are working through right now as we engage with our partners and we execute on the transition. Remember, a substantial majority of that transition is going to be next year in our fiscal ‘24, and that’s why those details are still in flight. On the customer side, what they have historically had a discount of anywhere from 10% to 5% to have a multiyear contract that’s invoiced and collected upfront and that discount goes away. So the incentive is not there necessarily in the future for those customers to be trying to pay for upfront. And we think based on the feedback that we have been getting from our customers that they want to have multiyear contracts with annual billings. It’s good for them in managing their cash flow just like it’s good for us. It removes the volatility that we see and as you can see from our guidance this quarter, the volatility that we see with those multiyear upfront contracts. In terms of what drove the behavior that we saw this past quarter, well, the end of the multiyear discount is coming at the start of next year. And so we were anticipating more demand for multiyear upfront contracts. And in the end, we are seeing slightly less demand than we expected. In the current macroeconomic environment, that’s not surprising. The trade-off of the discount versus the cash upfront, it’s not as enticing for some customers right now. We have assumed that the behavior that we saw with respect to the multi-years in Q3 persists through Q4. And that’s what’s built into our guidance. It’s consistent with our overall guidance philosophy. And we really think that it reinforces our strategy to move to annual billings. We are hopeful that it’s a positive sign for the transition next year. And then finally, in terms of what we can do in order to drive the pace, well, a lot of that’s going to come down to our internal capabilities being available. I have mentioned before, that we are investing in systems to set us up to manage all these contracts at scale, and we are on pace. With those system changes, ultimately, it’s going to come down to what’s on our price list and how we work through these programmatic details with our partners. And these are all decisions that are very much under discussion right now, and that you will hear more from us over the next couple of months.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks Matt. So, we are not guiding on the call today. We are trying to provide some insight into how to think about it. And that range is in the realm of possibility, and there are a couple of factors that we want to continue to emphasize that are going to impact that. And that is the rate at which our customers transition to annual billings and the overall macroeconomic environment. But as I have said, we will provide specifics on the next earnings call.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks. So, first, I want to say that we have been focused on ensuring that we don’t spend ahead of top line growth. We have delivered considerable operating margin expansion over the last couple of years. We have exhibited a spend discipline that we now benefit from as the market conditions continue to evolve. If we focus on the near-term, we have delivered on our margin goals for the year-to-date. We are on track to do so through the end of the year. You can see that from no change in our operating margin guidance. Our hiring plans at the beginning of the year reflected really what is a solid balance between proactive investment and the discipline required to achieve our margin targets. As we look ahead to next year, we are in the planning process right now, but we are focused on ensuring that we continue this pattern of disciplined spend. We are looking to ensure that we can invest in the right areas to drive the strategy. So, things like purposeful and strategic rather than broad-based investing in areas like our industry clouds and shared services, but all against a backdrop of delivering a healthy margin. And I also want to say that we want to ensure that we are not too short-term in our thinking. We have a strong balance sheet. We want to make sure that we strike that right balance as we navigate these macro waters. We want to capitalize on the downturn to continue to invest, but all while keeping that watchful eye on operating margin. And as we said before, we are committed to achieving a margin target in the 38% to 40% range in that fiscal ‘23 to ‘26 window.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. Sure. So yes, I mean current RPO is a very important metric in monitoring our business performance. And you are right, particularly when you normalize for the currency impacts that growth was in a healthy zone. So, I want to just continue to stress that FX has been really volatile, and that’s going to continue to impact the growth rate. So, definitely look at the constant currency growth rates over time. Also, the timing and volume of our EBAs impacts the growth rate period-to-period. And so sometimes what you see is that when we have large cohorts of our EBAs coming up for renewal, it tends to be back-end loaded in our fiscal years and most often in our Q4, we start to see growth impacts as the year progresses, in many cases, deceleration Q1 to Q3 that would tick back up as those cohorts for EBAs come back up for renewal. So, growth rate should tick back up over time, given consistent historical – given patterns consistent with our historical patterns. But again, remember the constant currency has just been a zinger that’s going to impact growth rates for quite a while here. So – but it is an important metric for us, and we monitor it closely.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, Jason, the biggest impact is currency. We have seen a growing currency headwind during the year, and that’s gradually showing up in the growth rates as the year progresses. It’s about a 3-point headwind in Q4. It was a 1-point headwind in Q3 and was neutral in the tailwind at the beginning of the year. So, you can see that it’s gradually having a significant impact on our growth rate. That’s the biggest driver of the implied growth rate that you are talking about. Also, to a lesser extent – but Andrew did mention that we saw a modest deceleration in our new business, particularly in Europe during Q3, that does have a slight follow-on impact to revenue in Q4.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. It tends to be larger deal sizes, not surprisingly. I think that when our customers start to exhibit cash conservation behavior, that behavior does tend to be more prevalent with some of the larger deal sizes. And remember, they are still signing multiyear contracts, they are just signing multiyear contracts and asking for annual billings, which for those larger deals, we are willing to accommodate while we continue to invest in the back-office infrastructure to be able to handle the totality of the multiyear base with annual billings at scale.
Debbie Clifford: I would just add that our net revenue retention rate was comfortably within the target range of 100% to 110% and in the short-term, our expectation is that it will stay in that range.
