Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Our third quarter results were strong, driven by one of our best-ever quarters for new subscriptions, record subscription renewal rates, a net revenue retention rate towards the high end of our range, and a solid competitive performance. We also grew RPO and billings 18% and 16% respectively, despite a tougher compare versus last year. Relative to the first and second quarters, the rate of improvement decelerated during the third quarter more than we expected. While demand is robust, we believe supply chain disruption and resulting inflationary pressures, a global labor shortage making it harder for our customers to staff new projects, and the ebb and flow of COVID are contributing to the deceleration, as well as documented country-specific disruption to AEC in China. Our conversations with customers and channel partners reinforce our view. We’re encouraged that embracing digital transformation to drive efficiency and sustainability remains a priority for our customers. Our end-to-end solutions, business model flexibility and platform position us well competitively and enable more customers to enter and remain in our ecosystem. As you heard at our recent Investor Day and at Autodesk University, we are rapidly innovating and optimizing our business to increase and realize the opportunity ahead. Notable milestones during the quarter included the launch of our Flex consumption model and our plans to combine technologies, connect processes, automate workflows, and unlock valuable insights for customers through our Forge platform. The recent report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the United Nations Climate Change COP26 meeting in Glasgow both underscored the urgency of reducing carbon in the earth’s atmosphere and the role that everyone, including corporations, needs to play. Sustainability needs to be designed, made and, in many cases, retrofitted in construction and manufacturing. This cannot be achieved efficiently or effectively without end-to-end software like ours to drive the process. This organizing principle affects not just how we deploy capital, for example through our investments to develop sustainable tools and our recent acquisition of Innovyze, but also how we source capital. Many of our largest equity holders already align to our sustainability goals and in the third quarter, we began to align our debt holders by issuing our first sustainability bond linked to our sustainability goals. Now, let me turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Let me start and then Debbie and I will kind of tag team here on some of this. So first off, Saket, let’s make sure we all kind of level set on the business is strong. All right. You saw the numbers. We’re seeing tremendous growth. We’re seeing record renewal rates. We’re approaching net revenue retention rates at the high end of our guide, and they’re continuing to go up. That’s super important here. And we feel pretty good about where the business is going. So, the business is strong, and we’re seeing a lot of strength there. If you look at what we’re talking about here, we saw several things happened during the quarter, and we got this reinforced by our customers and by our channel partners. We saw deceleration in what we were seeing around monthly active usage and all things associated with that. And that then translated into to us kind of looking at our guide and looking at things going forward, and we pragmatically just assumed at this point that what we saw in the quarter is going to continue into Q4. And that’s what you’re seeing a pragmatic assessment that, hey, there’s kind of supply chain pressure, this inflationary pressure that’s kind of squeezing the margins of some of our customers is going to continue into Q4. If we look forward in terms of the guide in terms of what’s going on into next year, look, we assume two things. One, this interesting FX environment we’re in, which I want Debbie to kind of comment on again and kind of reinforce some of the things you said in the opening commentary, presents some potential risk. So, we want to flag those risks. In addition, if some of these supply chain issues bleed over into the beginning of next year, we wanted to flag some additional risk there, but there’s certainly a large currency headwind that we’re seeing. And I’d like Debbie to just kind of reiterate some of the things you said in the opening commentary, so we can all get on the same page about that.
Andrew Anagnost: We still see path -- constant currency path to $2.4 billion next year, but we want to flag these risk because we think that’s a prudent thing to do at this time, given what we’re seeing today right now. Not a guide. It’s a risk flag.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, let’s be very clear. We don’t have any infrastructure uplift built in any of our guidance or anything that we’re talking about right now, okay? These things play out over multiple years. This is a great bill. We’re really happy to see it. Included in the bill is a $100 million fund to accelerate investment in digital tools for Department of Transportation. We feel that that’s a good thing and it’s an important part of this bill from our perspective because it’s going to change the ecosystem. But these things play out over a long term. We’re certainly really happy about the fact that we have invested in water ahead of these critical investments in infrastructure because water is going to matter a lot. Clean water, water management in terms of flooding or storage of water, wastewater processing, all these things, water is going to be a big deal. So, we’re going to see our engagement in water projects probably increase over the next couple of years. But I want to make sure that we’re all clear that we don’t build these into our numbers right now, and we want to -- we’re going to wait and see how these things play out over the next couple of years, but we will absolutely see some of our investments in road, rail and water pay off over a multiyear period here. And we’re pretty excited about it. This bill was a long time coming. And I think the emphasis on digital transformation inside the infrastructure industry is going to be an important catalyst to modernizing and expanding what’s happening in our infrastructure and growth in the United States.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, our moves with regards to changing billing terms and smoothing out our free cash flow trajectory over multiple years are unchanged by any of this. We believe this is right for the business. We believe it’s right for our customers. Customers are generally positive around these things because they prefer annual billings or in most cases, they don’t want to have to pay upfront if they don’t have to. Also, a lot of these things we’ve been talking about with regards to supply chain pressures, our view is pretty transient by us. These are not going to be persistent types of things. So, customers view these fairly well. Our partners are getting themselves around some of these activities right now. But, those plans are completely unchanged relative to anything we’re seeing right now, and it’s all full steam ahead on that transition.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, let me comment on the tracking. So, we believe our tracking is good because it actually showed us the outcome as the quarter progressed. We saw the mean [ph] over of the growth in monthly active usage and the associated impact there. So, it wasn’t lifting the way we expected it to in the second half. In fact, like I said, the second derivative change it eat over a little bit. So, these predictors, these tracking mechanisms we have, I think are still valid. They’re powerful. They actually gave us indications of things that were going on. I think we’re also, frankly, tracking the inflationary environment a bit more right now, trying to make sure what’s happening with the goods and labor pool that our customers are engaging with. We’re going to be paying attention to that. There’s hopeful signs out there that some of this is loosening up in some respects, but we’re going to be watching that. Now, with regards with some of the business coming back, it is absolutely possible that that’s the case. Our customers are definitely looking at a backlog of projects and a backlog of orders and all the things associated with that. I think it’s prudent at this point for us to kind of -- with the information we have right now, assume that we’re just going to see kind of an ongoing kind of impact for these things until something changes. But it is possible that some of this could come back as a result of releasing pressure. But it’s not -- I don’t think it’s prudent right now to declare that. I think we should watch this because we were all kind of surprised by the pace at which these supply chain pressures put pressure on our customers.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Actually, Jay, that statement was not related to the business model as well. The business models will help facilitate delivering some of that value. What we were really talking about was how the platform and the tools are going to become these co-designers with our customers, how we’re going to be driving much more facilitated action with our customers through our products. There’s going to be a lot more real-time data visibility, real-time option visibility, real-time collaboration between the system and the designer or the engineer. That’s the major value driver change that we’re talking about. It’s not the business model changes per se. Those are enablers. They allow us to get some of this capability more effectively to a broader set of customers, which we’re actually pretty happy about. But, it’s that fundamental relationship with the product, this notion of co-designing with a computer and with a system that’s really going to change the way we deliver value.
Andrew Anagnost: The one thing I’ll just highlight, say, we talked about the softness in China that was specifically in AEC. We actually did well in manufacturing in China. So softness was not uniform in China across all of our businesses. But in general, what we saw was a kind of a broad-brush impact. So I couldn’t point to onesie-twosies in any particular country that was kind of different or offset from anything else we were seeing. It was kind of a broader impact in kind of the slowing down of the acceleration that we saw.
Andrew Anagnost: That’s not what we’re seeing. If that’s what we were seeing, the net revenue retention rate trend that we saw during the quarter would have been different. So, I want to focus you back on. Remember, we came at the high end of our range on net revenue retention. And what that does is it shows a strong -- a kind of a strong affinity and willingness to keep upping their game with regards to our products and offering. And that does not often, okay? If anything, that’s continuing to strengthen. So, that feels really good. So, there’s really -- it really was affecting the new book of business, which kind of bleeds into the long tail of our business at some point into some level, which is to be expected in environments like this. Those who are most cash flow constrained, tend to slow their buying down the most. So, I don’t see any bleed over potential. In fact, in a lot of our newer businesses, we saw robust growth associated with some of these things. So, I do not see a crossover or a bleed over between these things. In fact, we continue to expect continued strengthening of net revenue retention rates in the base.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, we absolutely think that we continue to see digitization tailwinds here. Okay? Customers are absolutely turning to technology to wrestle with some of these problems and solve some of these things. And if you look at the strategy around double-digit growth and where we’re going, you see a lot of things working. First off, let’s just pause, and I don’t want to say this too many times, but the business is doing strong and that’s setting a floor on some of our growth. Also, I wanted you to notice some of the things that happened with noncompliant revenue. We grew 50% year-over-year, reflecting the compare to kind of the slowdown we did in the COVID in the 2020 and around the pandemic, and we normalized the kind of like a 20-year -- 20% growth over the two-year period, which shows nice steady growth in some of these things. So, if you look at the business, you see a lot of things working really well. Now, if you look at the long-term trends that are going to contribute and be additive in terms of driving the double-digit growth, the digitization is there, the tailwinds continue, customers are telling us more and more, they want to go deeper, deeper, deeper in digitization. And we’re seeing strong adoption like for instance in construction with our largest EBA customers and some of our largest GCs. We’re seeing strong adoption of Construction Cloud or integrating Construction Cloud more deeply into some of these relationships. If you look at some of the incremental drivers we were talking about with regards to business model capabilities and some of the things associated, we’re continuing to see strong growth there in terms of new types of subscription models, noncompliant users. And then, when we talk about the long tail, while it’s really early days with the Flex model, and I want to make sure that we always say it’s early days with the Flex model. One of the things we’re seeing with Flex is exactly what we expected to see. We’re seeing a large percent of Flex business coming in is net new. Another chunk of Flex business coming in as these occasional usage buyers. People that classically bought network licenses previously. And another chunk of business where people trying and using more advanced products, products they weren’t going to use previously. Those trends are exactly the kind of trends we want to see with offerings like this. And as time goes on and we get more experience with Flex, we expect those trends to continue. So, all of the things that we’re pursuing to drive double-digit growth are working right now. And that’s what gives us confidence as we move forward into the FY ‘23, ‘24 and ‘25 and beyond, is that everything we’re doing right now is working. If something was showing softness or not working, then I wouldn’t have the confidence I have right now, but everything is working in terms of the things we’re pursuing. Is transient impacts that we’re seeing right now? They’re obvious. They’re systemic. Everybody is seeing them. You can measure them systematically in terms of what’s going on in These will pass. The question is when will they pass.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So, you’re asking me to kind of be the predictor of when some of these supply chain pressures are going to unwind. Look, I’ll tell you what we’re...
Debbie Clifford: Yes. Let me go back to the fiscal ‘22 guide, first. Because I think one of the metrics that I talked about in the opening commentary pretty much says it all. And that is that for our new volume growth, we saw a 30% growth for the first half of fiscal ‘22; and then in Q3, it was in the mid-20s. So, it was still pretty strong growth. It just fell short of our expectations. As we look ahead, we did highlight the potential risks that we see to fiscal ‘23 free cash flow. And it’s true that FX, based on what we know today, is a big factor. It’s been highly volatile. The rate moves that we saw in the first half of the year created about $55 million in potential headwind to fiscal ‘23 cash flow. And since then and in the last 90 days alone, further rate moves created about another $45 million in potential headwind to cash flow. So, as you can imagine, we’re obviously watching FX rates closely. But it’s clear that if the current rates persist through next year, that risk could materialize in free cash flow. Our goal today was just to highlight the risk as we look ahead to next year. But it’s important to remind that overall, the strategy is working, and we have numerous growth levers to capitalize on over the long term.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, the answer is -- it’s a bit of a mix. Go ahead, Andrew. Okay. The answer is that it’s a bit of a mix. So, the way to think about it, I highlighted risk of approximately $100 million to $200 million based on what we know today. And part of it relates to the subscription basis of our business model. So, given that billings are falling short of our expectations for this year, we’re flowing through that risk into the free cash flow that we’re talking about next year. And the other part of it is FX. So, it’s roughly half and half.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, the way that we think about deferred revenue and the long-term contribution to deferred revenue being in roughly about mid-20s is not going to change. So, what we’re seeing here is an impact from macro on our billings outlook for this year that we’re then highlighting risk as we get into next year. But, the proportion of our business from multiyear contracts built up front for this year and into next year is in line with our expectations. We’ve been monitoring the multiyear cohort this year. And even in Q3, it was quite strong. And so, that’s not something that’s changing. And so, the follow-on impact of deferred revenue is that that wouldn’t change as well. We still would see roughly 20% being that long-term deferred revenue.
Debbie Clifford: Well, you are interpreting correctly that I said that if the risk materializes that we’re seeing today, in our numbers, yes, next year, we would be at the low end of the revenue CAGR of 16% to 18% that we talked about at our Investor Day. And while we’re not providing specific guidance on revenue for next year, directionally, your math computes.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, let’s start with Q3. The cRPO growth decelerated, mainly because of declining contribution from multiyear EBA deals that closed in fiscal ‘20 which are entering the final year of their term. That growth deceleration was in line with our expectations, and it’s something that we signaled on our last earnings call. We anticipate over time that the growth rates for cRPO and revenue will gradually converge over time. But also that that RPO growth rate is going to continue to be influenced by the timing and volume of EBAs. And so, given that Q4 is a big EBA quarter for us, that’s going to have a big impact on the growth rate next quarter.
