Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Abhey. To start, I hope everyone is safe and healthy as our world continues to be impacted by the COVID pandemic. Our priorities remain the safety and well-being of our employees, and the continued support of our customers, partners and communities.  Before I dive into the quarter, I thank all of our employees for their efforts and persistence during these challenging times. The resiliency of our business model and solid execution helped us deliver strong Q2 results with revenue, earnings and free cash flow above expectations, even as we continue to operate in uncertain times.  The secular trends that we have been investing in and preparing for, such as the adoption of cloud-based solutions, are accelerating and we are excited about our position in the market. While our competitors are just beginning to focus on similar trends, our investments from the last few years are already driving positive results.  With the business model changes we have made, we continue to deliver significant value and functionality in the cloud. Because of this, and a few other aspects I'll discuss, we will be stronger on the other side of this pandemic.  As indicated on the last call, we continue to closely monitor the usage patterns of our products across the globe, something we could not do historically. In China, Korea, and Japan, we are seeing usage above pre-COVID levels. In some areas of Europe, we continue to see a recovery as well. In the Americas, we experienced a slight uptick in usage for most key products in July.  We are also seeing a positive correlation between usage trends and new business performance, which gives us confidence that the green shoots we see in usage will translate to improved new business performance in subsequent quarters.  In all senses, work is changing, and our cloud collaboration products effectively connect project teams and workflows allowing businesses to thrive even when their employees and partners are working remotely.  Usage of BIM 360 Design, our cloud collaboration tool, has accelerated with the adoption by Revit users almost doubling in the past year. We also continued to gain momentum in manufacturing of Fusion 360. We had the best quarter ever for subscription net additions with more than 10,000 in the quarter. The value of the cloud is becoming more and more apparent and cloud-based solutions are becoming a necessity.  Our product subscription renewal rates improved steadily throughout Q2 as customers recognize the critical value our offerings bring to their businesses. Our new business was impacted by the current environment, but the strength of our pipeline entering the second half of the year, combined with execution in recovering countries, make us confident in our full-year targets.  Now, I'd like to turn it over to Scott to take you through details of our quarterly performance and guidance for the year before I come back to provide insights into our strategic growth drivers. 
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks for proving to me why this audience won't be as empathetic to some of those concerns that were expressed as other audiences. So, first off, let me just acknowledge something about the communications with the AEC industry, and the architects in particular.  One, they have legitimate concerns about the functionality in Revit. And we take those incredibly seriously. And the fact is, is that from an architectural standpoint, Revit hasn't gotten a lot of incremental investment, a lot of the AEC investments have gone to construction, it's gone to revenue enhancements targeting the engineering component, the workflow – structural workflows, in particular. So, there's some real legitimate concerns there.  The other concern they have is the move from multiuser to named users. These are large multi-user clients and they've seen multi-user prices drift up. They really want a pay per use model. We want them to have a pay per use model, which they would prefer to a cloud licensing. So, those are some things I just want to make sure that we acknowledge. And we're all on the same page with. But that said, like you said, and it was important that I make this clear, these customers come from a highly privileged, roughly 20% of our subscription base that moved from maintenance to subscription and have really pretty deep price protections, okay, relative to the rest of the base.  And if you look at their expenditures over a five-year period, frankly, even over – moving out another five years, as they add seats, they are actually paying less to Autodesk than they would have under the old perpetual model. And that was a deliberate part of the transition, even as multiuser prices go up in everything. If you add up what they would have paid for us for adding users over time, they actually end up paying less over a five-year period and, frankly, as they add users over a 10-year period.  We're not concerned about that. We went out very early on that we were going to take care of these maintenance customers that were out in front of us. We did that. Lots of debates with all of you about the maintenance subscription program and 10-year price lock. It wasn't exactly something that all of you were behind. Alright? But we think it was right. And yes, it has resulted in this.  So, we're never going to be on the same page with this audience about that particular part of the equation. But remember, this is a shrinking bit of our subscription base, the protected 20% now. There'll be less than that later. But, over time, they pay less than they used to in the old perpetual model. It's true. But we're not worried about that. There's no concern there. 
Andrew Anagnost: So, I'm going to take the first part of that, and I'm going to hand the second part of that to Scott. Right?  So, Jay, you asked a very complicated, sophisticated question there. But let me kind of summarize it this way, right. The model that we're going to is a greater segmentation in some respects, but I want to keep pointing you back to the way Fusion is being architected and constructed. All right? Fusion has a subscription entry price. There's a set of functionality that people use frequently and that they're using to do a lot of their day to day work, but then there's a series of modules that they can reach out to and access on a need-based method. Okay? And you just noticed we added more of those recently to Fusion, from technology that was previously in the Delcam portfolio. This model of having a, for the lack of a better word, a vertical platform that's, for instance, in manufacturing, it's built on the product information model in the cloud; in AEC, it's going to be built on a building information model in the cloud; in media, it might be built on a media information model in the cloud and things associated with that.  They will be able to pull the functionality they need as they need it. They'll pay a baseline subscription, and they'll pay per use for various things as they need them and as they need some of this advanced capability.  So, if you think about it, is that a segmentation of our portfolio and an increase of SKUs? Maybe in some respects, but what it's designed to do is ensure that occasionally used functionalities of high value, they can get when they need it without having to get it all at once. That's the notion of collections in the cloud. It's collection in the cloud that they can use on an as-needed basis.  So, when you look at what we're doing with Fusion, that really directionally captures where the model is going for all of our customers, ultimately. And it's all connected. You're right. Named user, necessary to do that because you have to name the user, so that you can track their usage and their needs and provide something to them specifically. That doesn't mean the named user can't be a large pool of named users that come in occasionally, which is something that people want in terms of consumption and pay per use, but it's also connected right back again to the underlying architecture of the products. And that's the future we're going to.  Scott, off to you. 
Andrew Anagnost: The correlation between usage rates and then ultimate new business, it's proving out to be fairly tight. So, we expect to see that continue. We saw it in APAC. We watched go up. We're seeing it in Europe. Like we said earlier, we're seeing stability in the US and the UK. And we expect that, as that moves from stability to rising, we're going to see the same kind of uptick in new business. The two seem to be correlating quite well. 
Andrew Anagnost: We used to talk about that as the canary in the coal mine for market dislocation at the low end. But subscription changes everything. The subscription price point for LT is a very attractive price point. And most of the customers that are buying it are very small businesses, small or very small, medium businesses. And it does what they need. So, they continue to buy in the space. People buy AutoCAD for the 3D and the APIs and the things that go associated with that. But the price point of LT has actually proven to be very attractive and very resilient during this time. And it's just one of the fundamental changes in the subscription model. 
Andrew Anagnost: Actually, we're growing faster than our biggest competitor in the space. So, I just want to make sure we get that in. Look, the space is doing well. Remember, we continued to grow strong last year. So, we had good strong growth coming into last year and next year. So, we're comparing 6% to a good year last year, not 6% to a bad year last year or something like that. So, we're actually happy with the performance we're seeing right now. And I think that's an important metric for us, especially what you see going on with regards to Fusion and the net adds around Fusion. So, we view this as a solid result, and it's only going to continue to get better. So, I think we're in a good position right now. Especially when you look at what we're comparing to from last year. 
Andrew Anagnost: It doesn't fundamentally change our strategy. We're still trying to get that that digital direct online business up to 25% of our total business. So, our strategy hasn't fundamentally changed. The product mix does change a little bit. All right? They are buying additional products on this channel. But fundamentally, our strategy hasn't changed. But it has, obviously, held up incredibly well during this and customers have continued to buy. But the strategy, the fundamental strategy of where we're going and what we're trying to do, we want everything we sell available on the channel. And our goal is still to get it up to 25%. 
Andrew Anagnost: The total business grew fairly well. All right? And I think we just want to make sure that we zero in on the things that are soft and the things that aren't. Let's talk specifically about construction. As I said in the opening commentary, the field area is where we see the softness. And right now, it's stabilizing and we expect to see field usage going up. And that's to be expected, given everything that happened with construction sites. But where we're seeing strength, and this is an important precursor to future business, right, because it's upfront in the process, is BIM 360 design and doc, which are part of the pipeline of loading the project flow. So, BIM 360 design, doc in particular, has seen robust growth during this entire period in the construction segment. Obviously, Revit continues to do well in this segment in terms of BIM in general doing well.  So, I want to make sure that we pay attention to – the softness is really in the places where the hammers are hitting the wood or hitting the metal, depending on what you're building or the concrete is being poured. And it's not in the upfront part of the project and the project management, which is great for us, because we're bringing more people into the pipeline. And if all we were doing was being narrowly focused on the execution part, we would certainly be in deeper problems than we are right now in the field execution side. We have a broad portfolio that goes all the way from design through to pre-construction planning, and that part is continuing to see robust action. 
Andrew Anagnost: Obviously, Pype's in the project management area. And one of the key things it adds is a machine learning layer to the whole process of setting up and managing changes and requests and work orders in the process. Okay? So, what it's doing is it's shortening the time to work these close outs and these project activities upfront in the process. So, it's giving us technology that provides for faster turnaround, better project management, lower risk and better outcomes. That's really what it's doing.  We certainly have some of these capabilities inside the core portfolio, but nothing as deep as what Pype has. Pype went a lot more deeply into the workflow and covers a lot more use cases than we do. And as you know, we were partnered with them throughout the process and we have lots of accounts where we were in there, Pype was in there and we worked really very closely with them to make sure that we were complementing our RFI workflows and not duplicating them. So, their whole process takes the RFI and similar workflow to a whole new level. And it's a pretty powerful combination for us.  And like you said, our customers were pretty bullish on the technology as well, which is one of the reasons why we were bullish. 
Andrew Anagnost: I'll take the AutoCAD question And I'll hand the renewal rate question over to Scott. So, actually, we're not seeing that kind of behavior. What we're seeing is growth in all of these segments independent of each other. So, we're seeing customers sticking with collection. We're seeing customers buying AutoCAD for the first time. We're seeing customers buying LT for the first time. We're not seeing a lot of cross flow between the two. But remember, as time goes on, AutoCAD does get squeezed between collections and LT over the long period. And we expect that. That's something that we plan for, that we expect, we model. At some point, the AutoCAD as it is today gets squeezed between those two types of offerings. But right now, we're not seeing trade-up or trade-down. We're seeing people staying within the offerings they have, buying more of the offering they have and adding up in that respect.  So, Scott, to the partial renewals.
Andrew Anagnost: We're not seeing any slowdown in our AEC business due to commercial dislocations that might be going on in various places right now. So, we talked about that a lot. Because there was this assumption that somehow commercial, especially commercial office buildings in urban areas are like a big part of our business. They're not, all right? And we're still kind of seeing strength in the AEC business outside of that. But I want to make sure we understand what's really happening in commercial right now. All right?  Big urban projects are probably – either probably going to slow down or not be as frequent. However, what is happening in urban locations, there's still going to be a lot of reconfiguring work in commercial space. But also one of the things that that we're going to be seeing, and you can see this in some of some of the political discussions as well as some of the business discussions we're having, is that you're going to see more and more of these commercial type operations moving away from the urban centers to suburban centers and along transportation corridors, which we see not only as driving additional building activity, but additional infrastructure improvements as well. And these conversations are already ongoing in all sorts of legislatures and all sorts of places about building out along transportation corridors. It's certainly a big topic of conversation in California, and we expect to see more of that. So, no, we are not seeing softness in our business, and we don't see any future softness in our business as a result of what's happening with commercial activities right now. 
Andrew Anagnost: Shift is not correct – not necessarily the right word. What it really will be is where we put new dollars. So, for instance, at the beginning of this year, this whole concern around architecture and architects, this is something we saw coming because this has been a five plus year kind of tension around – with the architects. So, we actually increased investment in AutoCAD Architecture at the beginning of this year. So, we actually used incremental R&D dollars to increase investment in that space.  What it will mean moving forward is how we deliberately choose where we add incremental investment, and we've been very rich and forthright with the construction space in terms of incremental investment. We're not going to shift money away from that. But as we add incremental investment into next year and year after that, we'll probably add more incremental investment into other places over time.  So, rather than thinking about it as a shift, Joe, I think of it as, as we continue to add incremental investment, which we're in the enviable position to be able to do, we're spending more in R&D than we ever had in our history. And we have still room to invest more, we're just going to choose deliberately to add incremental investment in certain spaces, like we did at the beginning of this year for architecture. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Education usage is up for us. All right? I think, frankly, the remote nature of work is kind of playing nicely into our strategy in certain areas, especially with regards to the cloud and how the cloud interacts with certain parts of the curriculum. Certainly, on the university side, Fusion is doing well because of its cloud foundation. And remember, we have Tinkercad in K-12. So, Tinkercad is getting more visibility in a lot of curriculums right now as well. So, education has done really well for us during the pandemic in terms of – it's not that we haven't seen declines in usage. We absolutely have. But it's rebounded back to usage levels that we had in pre-COVID days, which is a positive sign. And we're seeing gains in educational usage in places where the cloud is a priority for the usage paradigm. 
Andrew Anagnost: It's kind of all of them. All right? There were existing users that added more. So, we've had expansion. We're getting bigger and bigger Fusion installations, which is a good sign. There are also new users at the low end of the market. We see a lot of users consolidating their CAM and design solutions at the low end of the market into Fusion and moving forward with Fusion. So, it's kind of a combination of all those things. We saw some users converting from some of our hobbyist versions to commercial versions. So, it's across the whole spectrum. But really, the big drivers are, we're selling more into accounts where we had it and we're selling more down market into accounts that are basically unifying their portfolios inside of their operations. 
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. As you just heard, despite facing the economic headwinds from COVID, we had strong performance across all key metrics in the quarter.  Total revenue growth in the quarter came in at 15% as reported, 16% at constant currency, with subscription plan revenue growing by 27% and operating margin expanding by 5 percentage points.  Despite offering extended payment terms through the quarter, we delivered healthy free cash flow of $64 million. Current RPO, which reflects committed revenue for the next 12 months, is up 15% and total RPO is up 19%.  Our ongoing investments in digital sales are yielding results as we saw strong double-digit billings growth through the online channel during the quarter. Our online sales are helping attract new customers to the Autodesk family, as nearly three out of four new customers in the quarter came in through e-commerce.  Our run rate business came in strong during the quarter, while the pace of closing larger transactions slowed modestly.  In Q2, our net revenue retention rate was within the 100% to 110% range we laid out in our previous guidance. As Andrew mentioned, we saw resilient renewal rates in the quarter.  Digging deeper into our renewal rates, our product subscription renewal rates improved on a sequential basis, which is a strong endorsement of the strategic nature of our products and stickiness of our customer base in this new business model. We experienced a decline in maintenance renewal rates, as expected, since we announced the end of life of our maintenance offerings.  With our transition to a subscription business model behind us, maintenance is only about 5% of our revenue. Similar to last quarter, more than 40% of the maintenance customers who came up for renewal converted to subscriptions.  Our M2S revenue, combined with our maintenance revenue this quarter at $229 million, is close to 80% of our peak quarterly maintenance revenue in Q1 fiscal 2016. This speaks to the great success we have had with the program.  In Q2, we also saw industry collections grow sequentially as a share of total new business. While multi-year payments are down year-over-year, toward the end of the second quarter, we saw a slight uptick in multi-year payments as customers continue to make long-term commitments to our products. APAC led the way in share of multi-year deals, consistent with the region's relatively strong performance in new business.  As we anticipated, our second quarter new business activity was more impacted than in Q1, with new business declining in the range of mid-teens percent. In line with our commentary on the last call, we think the second quarter will be the most impacted by the pandemic.  Our business is recovering in the markets that were impacted by the pandemic earlier on. However, some of our major markets like the US and UK have stabilized, but are yet to show meaningful improvement. As such, we continue with a wider-than-normal revenue range for the remainder of the year, while raising the midpoint of our guidance.  Our updated guidance implies continued improvement in all of our end markets over the next two quarters and we expect the pace of closing larger transactions to improve.  In addition to the impact of large deal activity, the range of our forecast factors in varying degrees of demand environment in the Americas, which includes our largest end market. At the upper end of our guidance range, we are modeling meaningful recovery in the region in the third quarter, with continued improvement in the fourth quarter. At the low end of the range, we anticipate a slower recovery in the third quarter and improvement in Q4.  We are very pleased with the performance of our product subscription renewal rates in the second quarter and expect them to continue improving for the rest of the year.  For the remaining maintenance base, we expect churn to further increase, but recall that we are in the final stages of ending our maintenance offering and the number of seats is small versus our total installed base. We expect our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110% for the rest of the year.  Our full-year operating margin should expand by approximately 3 percentage points to 4.5 percentage points as we keep exercising our strong discipline around spend management, while continuing to invest in strategic priorities.  Despite improving multi-year trends we experienced at the end of the quarter, we are taking a cautious view of their continued uptake in the second half of the year, which is impacting the upper end of our billings forecast range for the year.  Our billings adjustment does not affect our free cash flow estimate of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for fiscal 2021 as we expect strong cash collections to continue.  Finally, we are confident in our fiscal 2023 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion.  And now, I'd like to turn it back to Andrew. 
Scott Herren: You're spot on. And we said coming into the quarter, when we gave the previous guide, that we felt Q2 would be the toughest quarter of the year. And in particular, we thought we would see an impact on multi-year, and we've seen that at the very end of Q1. And we did see that. We saw an impact, although it didn't – the rate of customers buying multi-year didn't fall through the floor by any stretch, but it came down earlier in the quarter. And then, as the quarter went on, we saw it modestly improving each month throughout the quarter. So, the multi-year did take a hit and then improved throughout the quarter.  But with that said, remember, when we rolled out that guidance and we described it, I think, in quite a bit of detail what would take us to the high end of the range versus the low end. And at the high end of the guidance ranges, we had assumed a swift recovery in the second half of the year. And that's exactly what we're seeing in some markets, but not in all of our markets. So, the adjustment in the billings guide is really driven by our expectation of less multi-year sales and a slightly slower recovery in the US and UK, as we talked about on the opening commentary. 
Scott Herren: Jay, let me let me take your question from the bottom up. If we start with territory – strategic territory, which tends to be our smaller accounts. It was actually quite strong. And we touched on this kind of qualitatively in the opening commentary. We saw good strength in that small customer set. And more so if you – instead of slicing it by customer size, slice it by geo, you can see the result. APAC was quite strong where we've seen the pandemic at first. They went through what they went through. As those markets reopened, we called out China, Korea and Japan as actually being above pre-COVID levels. So, seeing good strength in the smaller accounts and seeing good strength in APAC and then subsequently in continental Europe. As you work your way up to mid-market and name, name, it doesn't have a big Q2. That's where most of our EBAs sit. That's where all of our EBAs sit is in the name user – or I'm sorry, in the named account category. And that seems to be heavier in the second half of the year. So, we've actually got a very full pipeline of large transactions, large accounts, EBA renewals that are coming up. And those EBAs have close to 100% renewal rate. So, named did fine during the quarter, but Q2 is not a big quarter for named accounts.  And mid-market was a little bit more tepid. And what I'd say there is, we had a lot of multi-user usage within the mid-market. And you've seen what we've done with the transition to named, moving away from multi-user and over to named. We didn't actually have that offer, that two for one offer active until the beginning of Q3. So, there's little bit of a pause in the mid-market as many of those mid-market accounts, by the way, doing what all of us are doing, kind of assessing their business and understanding their needs, but also had the impact of wanting to get to the transition to named program that we launched at the beginning of Q3. That's the right way to think about it by customer size.
Scott Herren: The reason for calling out those deals is not that they were particularly notable in terms of duration, et cetera. It's more to give you a sense of – we've talked about – out of deference to our customers and the position that many are put in in this economic environment, continuing to work the back end and drive the demand for our license compliance business, but to go a little bit more slowly at a time when markets are and our customers are under particular levels of stress.  As we've seen those markets open back up, the reason to call out those is not only are they large, but they're also in markets that have recovered and that we are seeing come back. And as they do, we're getting right back on the – ensuring that we can monetize those non-compliant users. So, that was the purpose of calling them out, much more so than saying they were particularly lengthy in duration.
Scott Herren: Just to put a finer point on what you just said, Andrew, if you look at our product mix in terms of the percent of sales that are LT versus AutoCAD versus collections and other, it's kind of reverted to its historical mean. So, we're not seeing a big shift between in product mix.  To your question on partial renewals, we continue to obviously to monitor that closely because it's a good indicator of how are the – what's the employment health of our customers, right? So, a partial renewal is, I had 10 subscriptions, they all came due at the same point. But instead of renewing 10, I only renewed 9 or I renewed 8, right? And it gives us a sense of changes in their headcount.  There's always a certain amount of that that happens in any given quarter. And what we talked about last quarter is we've monitored the rate of those as they come up, what percent of them are doing a partial renewal, and it really hadn't moved last quarter. And it's really materially the same again this quarter. So, we're not seeing a big change either up or down. I wouldn't expect it to go down from the base rate, but we're not seeing it increase from that base rate. 
Scott Herren: No, it's slightly different, although it's got the same root cause. So, I'd start by saying, I'm really pleased with our results and proud of our execution in the second quarter. In an incredibly uncertain environment, to be able to produce the results that we just put up is something that I think we all take a lot of pride in. And as a result of that, as you saw, we raised the midpoint of our full-year revenue guide by $15 million. So, that's kind of the high level view.  When you look at how we did that, we've pulled up the low end and slightly reduced the high end of that guidance range. I think your question is just about the slight reduction on the high end as we narrowed the range from what had been $100 million range. With only six months left, we narrowed it down to $60 million.  We're seeing good trends in the markets that have moved into reopening. We talked about China, Korea and Japan. Product subs renewal rates are trending in the right direction. We mentioned the pipeline. The pipeline is very strong. There's still a fair amount of uncertainty, particularly in the US and in the UK. And so, as we weigh all that together, it's the combination of those factors that give us the confidence to raise our overall revenue guide by $15 million at the midpoint. But we had said the high end of that guidance range – and this is the point I talked about earlier, Hamza. At the high end of our guidance range, previously, we were expecting a swift recovery. And while we've seen that in some markets, we haven't seen that in all markets. And so, that's why narrowing just slightly from the high end of the revenue range made sense. 
Scott Herren: I don't really want to get into parsing it quite that finely for you, David. What we did see is, as the usage ticked up, there was a bit of a lead time, but it's not measured in months. But there was a bit of a lead time between usage ticks up and when the actual new product sales pick up. And our expectation, not only have we seen that in APAC now, but we've seen the same phenomenon as the markets have reopened in Continental Europe. So, our expectation is as we get more into a reopening in the United States that we'll see that same thing here. I think the UK is dealing with a slightly separate issue than just the normal recovery from the pandemic. 
Scott Herren: Our expectation – I'm quite pleased, actually, with the way the renewal rates on products subscriptions, which is by far the biggest piece of our subscription base, has progressed throughout the quarter, and it's our expectation that we will continue to see slight improvements on that through the end of the year. That's kind of now looking across all countries. Obviously, it varies a bit by region as different regions are recovering from the economic impact of the shutdown differently. But I think, in aggregate, what the expectation should be, continued slight improvement in those renewal rates on product subs. Maintenance is quite small. It's not surprising to see churn rate increase on maintenance as we've now informally announced the end of life of maintenance. And it's kind of the last chance to either renew, convert or churn. And so, we're seeing an increase in both renew – I'm sorry, we're seeing an increase in both convert and churn at the same time, which is in line with our expectations. And of course, maintenance is quite a small element of our overall subscription base and our revenue base at this point. So, not surprising on that front. And I would expect to see that maintenance churn rate continue at a higher-than-normal level through the end of the year. 
