Carl Bass: Yes. Sure, Heather. So 2 things is we were really encouraged. We did believe that a lot of the people who would end up wanting to rent software would be new to Autodesk. That's what we saw. Obviously, there were some of them who were existing customers. I think it falls into that category of some people doing it just to meet peak demand loading, which would be existing customers. Others are doing it as freelancers or on a project basis. So I think they were both usage cases in there. And so like we said, it's pretty early, but we didn't see anything that was outside what we kind of predicted happening in the model from the first results. What I see happening is a result of us kind of preannouncing the elimination of upgrades, and this has been confirmed by all the resellers I've spoken with. I think what we expect to see is probably more people moving to subscription rather than buying one last time. The tendency will be to buy and then protect their investment rather than just to buy and know that investment, they need to -- they may need to buy a full new copy.
Carl Bass: I think it will be predominant -- I think it will be predominantly, one, and have fewer amount, number two. But we'll start telling you as we figure it out. But my instincts and experience in this business would tell you more, number one, and I would say 10% to 20% in the number two.
Carl Bass: Yes. No, I think it was more broad-based. I mean, I -- what I would say is I saw broad-based improvement economically. And I think in automotive, I think we've been competitively advantaged. So I think that's more of winning business away from our competitors in automotive, whereas in consumer products and industrial machinery, I just saw a general improvement and a healthiness in most parts of the world. We talked about emerging countries. Japan has done well. The only place where I still see continued weakness is Southern Europe.
Carl Bass: I mean, we always look at external economic factors like PMI. What has been a better indicator is our actual business and our pipeline of business. And so I'm more reacting to what I see in terms of business that's come in and that business that we've lined up in the pipeline. It's always tempered somewhat. But as we've seen, I think some of the macroeconomic indicators and some of the indices have been really misdirections to what's gone on. I think if you had gone back 3 to 4 months ago, you would have said manufacturing was improving, but you saw many companies' results be subpar. So we're much more interested in what we thought we would do, what we thought the building or sales pipeline would be, how we were able to close deals, the size of those deals. So they were more transactional metrics.
Carl Bass: So far, I'd say the channel is primarily reacting to business, which I think most of our channel partners had a good quarter. I think most of our channel partners have a wait-and-see attitude about many of our programs. Some form initial opinions. But right now, I think they see rentals as being additive. They think the elimination of upgrades in the future is a net positive. And they're more positive about the cloud offerings than I've ever seen them. As a matter of fact, for the first time this quarter, I had some of our own sales force start asking me or complaining to me that we're not doing enough on the cloud. And so we're starting to get in balance and how far in front of customers we are with some of our cloud offerings, certainly, when the sales force brings that up as an issue.
Carl Bass: No. So the starting point is when we described it today, and so it's additive over that. What I think the 2 biggest drivers that we'll see is one is the mix of suites, as we disclosed. We said let [indiscernible] of our revenue is in suites now. So I think where we'll come from suites and that mix towards suites from single products is a big driver. The second one, which we think will add substantially, is the addition of services, web-based services, to our existing customers or to new subscribers of those services.
Carl Bass: Right. I think the enterprise is definitely one to add. We tried to detail a little bit, as you remember, at IR Day. Our customers who use these flexible licensing plans, they get more, but they often pay more.
Carl Bass: So I'm not as old as you, Jay. I can't remember that far. But what I do know is what we're really interested in is in taking these digital prototypes and these models that we built and actually manufacturing them. And I think if you look at the portfolios, the product portfolios of some of the other companies, they're pretty widespread at what they try to do. We built a very successful business and factory design and plant design. And what we're trying to do is complement that. We very specifically -- we're looking at the CNC tool market and being able to do that. And we think it's taking advantage of these secular trends in what really is the application of microprocessors to manufacturing technology. And so I think in some cases, it's just timing that we see this big growth because the availability of these high-capability, high-performance machines. And we saw it as a limitation in terms of the workflow that people couldn't get all the way to the end, and we felt that, that was important. I think if you look at some of the workflows out there, even in the biggest automotive and aerospace companies, the workflows are not good, they're incomplete, there's data loss and fidelity problems between tools, and we need to change that. The thing that's really driving this, Jay, at the heart is that we're really interested in our manufacturing customers who are putting a premium on the agility. It's about their ability to innovate and bring stuff to market more quickly. They've gotten to the point where quality is assumed, and what they're all interested in is, "How do I innovate? And how do I bring products to market quickly?" And one of the ways to do it is, all the way from prototyping to final manufacturing, you get from end-to-end faster.
Carl Bass: Like we told you back then, we've always been the one that has been the obstacle. Customers have always wanted this. We wanted to recognize more revenue upfront. So customers have been thrilled with our willingness to offer software on terms that they've always wanted. The opportunity might grow this quarter, but it's a little bit limited by the renewal cycle. And so it will come up during the year. So we think people are enthusiastic about it and merely be a function of when their renewals are up.
Carl Bass: I think we turned it on. I think we turned it on sufficiently. I think it takes a while to respond, and we saw patchiness. I think there were places that responded really well, and there were others that didn't. So we'll report more after the quarter end.
Carl Bass: It's the size of the enterprise base and the number of contracts that come up for renewal in that quarter. So, for example, as an enterprise customer, even if the renewals came up in the fourth quarter but it was a 2-year term or a 3-year term, it might not be this year. So we haven't gone back to customers who their renewal is -- we haven't gone back to customers who renewal would be next year or the year after and opened it up to them yet. That's what we're driving much higher number.
Carl Bass: Yes. So, no, I think they probably were using computers. I'm not sure they were paying for the software they were using on those computers. It's probably a more reasonable explanation of what was going on. On the M&E side, most -- the software part of the business continues to do well. A large part of the money coming out of that business continues to be hardware, which we're happy to see. If it bleeds out over time, it's absolutely fine. We're much more interested in the software component of that business.
Carl Bass: Yes, I'll give a couple of opinions, and then, Mark, please join in. First one is we're not doing any planning about Southern Europe getting better. We leave that like to the ECB and others. I mean, we just don't see any reason to be particularly optimistic about Southern Europe, and none of our plants contemplate an improving economy in Southern Europe. That being said, we continue to see strength in Central and Northern Europe, the U.K. in particular, and that's across segments, so happy to see that. We're happy to see solid stuff amongst the emerging economies. And we like the results that we saw in Japan. So...
Carl Bass: I think, truthfully, we had easy compares. Last year, we found that we're challenging some of the emerging economies. And in a number of places, we did some things around pricing changes and promotional stuff that I think helped. In a number of places, we raised the prices, and we saw that demand remained the same despite an increase in prices.
Carl Bass: Yes, we saw the first over a million-dollar deal in BIM 360. We've seen deals of nearly that size or -- and there's certainly deals in the pipeline for much larger numbers than that in the PLM one. I don't expect to see million-dollar deals in SIM 360 in the short term. Some of that is consumption-based, and that will take place over time rather than upfront. I think the big variable is around Autodesk 360 because it's a much more broad-based one. And in 2 weeks, when we're at Autodesk University, we'll be disclosing a lot more about Autodesk 360 and make it clear what that is. We'll also talk a little bit more about AutoCAD 360 at that point as well.
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, one of the variables we have to figure out is as we offer these new web-based services, there are 2 things we can do: we can offer it in subscriptions, just bundle it in, to increase the attach rate. The other thing is when the services are really value-added is charge customers who are either not on maintenance or who already are in maintenance but are getting much more value. So we try to separate into those 2 categories of kind of the convenient things that are nice and should really be bundled for all our customers, and those would be a big incentive to move more people onto maintenance. But when we look at some of the offerings, these are substantial value over what we offer today. And we think if customers want to avail themselves of the services, they should pay for them.
Carl Bass: My prediction is the general dysfunction continues, I don't think it will affect our business. I'm more worried about continued episodic breakouts. I think there's still much more opportunity. And even after today, it doesn't look like even the Senate is becoming more bipartisan and congenial place to work. So when the debt ceiling comes up again, I mean, there's plenty of opportunities for these knuckleheads to get off the railroad tracks, and I'm more worried about that than I am -- ongoing dysfunction and our dissatisfaction with Congress is fine as long as the government spends money. It's when they put a halt to the spending abruptly like they did. And in that case, we very specifically saw deals that we thought were in the pipeline just freeze up. I mean, there was no one to call to write the check.
Carl Bass: And as always, we hope these deals haven't gone away. And as people getting -- have gotten back to work, we start to see some of the deals come through. But we continue to [indiscernible] I think through the next 2 years, you're going to see episodic dysfunctions in addition to the chronic form.
Carl Bass: So, I mean, there's 2 aspects, so let me speak to the first. There's perpetual being driven to recurring, which I think is largely driven by programmatic stuff we do. And I think we've outlined a lot of it. There's another aspect of it of driving it to ratable, which is really more around accounting. And I think Mark tried to answer that. We're working through a lot of these issues right now. As soon as we have answers, we'll communicate them. But maybe, Mark, you want to add some color to that.
Mark J. Hawkins: It sounds right on. And then also, Brent, you hit the nail on the head. The -- while our deferred revenue is up year-over-year 7%, the sequential pattern fits almost perfectly with our 5-year kind of sequential history that we look at from a norm standpoint. So you absolutely are on the right point there.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, I think if you think about it, I think 1 to 2 points would be a good number to look at on the whole company, yes.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, Matt. We're -- one of the things -- you're absolutely right. We are -- the transition is going deeper in Q4 as we talked about the $15 million in enterprise license revenue going to deferred revenue, as for the discussion we had at IR Day. I think there's a number of metrics that we're looking at as we prepare for discussing the FY '15 guidance in terms of what we'll guide by and also what we'll track externally. And so certainly, we revealed the subscriber information we did just a couple of weeks ago, 1.9 million active subscribers of -- about 4.7 million of subscribers that have [ph] potential there, of which 1.9 million are active today. And we're going to start updating that eventually over time, so stay tuned for the FY '15 guidance. We'll get much more granular on both the metrics we're going to guide by and the metrics we're going to disclose. I hope that helps, but you can imagine some of the metrics we've -- we're going to be putting forward.
Mark J. Hawkins: I would absolutely say that with the SaaS offering, it's going to add, I think, the rental. We're going to penetrate even more and create -- we're going to have more subscribers that's going to bring more revenue as well. And then, Carl, I feel good also about the enterprise offerings that we have and how that's kind of super-sizing deals with the enterprise folks, so just to complement your point.
Mark J. Hawkins: Steve, this is Mark. Yes, let me just address that. We -- in terms of the actual rates, we don't disclose that. I know you know that. We look at the changes period-on-period. It gets a little bit lumpy. It gets a little in flux at times. They're slightly down. But I think the thing that I look at, [indiscernible] the fact that our [indiscernible].
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, and just building on Carl's point, I think that exactly describes the LT situation in the AutoCAD side of it of some of the volume products. Keep in mind, Walter, one of the things that we observed this quarter is part of the real success we have with suites growing at 21% year-on-year, which we're very pleased on, had a little bit of a trade-off with AutoCAD point product going to AutoCAD suites, which grew roughly 50%. So we really like that dynamic. We would take that dynamic all day long. I think that just complements the AutoCAD side. Obviously, the LT is more the marketing-led activities that Carl talked about.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, Sterling, I don't have any new news to share with you. I think you absolutely got it right that at the IR Day, we talked about a couple of things. One, our recurring revenue, by the time we end this 4-year plan that we covered from '14 to '18, is going to be 70% or more. And then we also talked about the intention to drive ratability, even separate from recurring, in a way, to build on the comments that Carl made about customer-friendly things that really free people up to have even more flexible terms. But I don't have anything to share with you at this stage, but that is an intention that we'll be looking at and working on and driving throughout the course of this plan that we've described at IR Day. You got the right issue. We just don't have any news to share with you at this stage.
Mark J. Hawkins: Well, a couple of things here that I would say. First of all, there are seasonality factors that are strong in that respect, Ross. So one of the things I look at, just to kind of get a sense of how things are going, is my 5-year of historical average quarter-to-quarter. And when you look at that, you can see patterns of strong seasonality in any given period, I think, is one of the dynamics. Secondly, I would say, don't forget, there's some special things that have happened if you look at the trailing 12 months that you're referring to. We had activities a year ago, Q2, where, effectively, we changed the pricing in terms of what would have an impact on multi-year subscriptions. And so that has a certain effect in terms of pulling of subscriptions. So there's been both pricing changes, there's been activities of that nature, plus you overlay historical seasonality, and that's the dynamic that you can net out. But I think when you look at seasonality in aggregate, I think it's a lumpy business, so to speak. And it's not off the mark in that respect, let alone if you did the overlay with some of the kind of special events that have happened in the last 12 months. Ross, I hope that helps.
Mark J. Hawkins: I mean, to build on Carl's point, that probably cost the Americas a couple points of growth, the shutdown itself, which is add that to some of the other headwinds, including we even had a point of FX in Americas, which is unusual, a headwind, and then the educational strategic change. And you can start to see where the Americas is actually performing, a little bit of a better mode than meets the eye.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, I think that's exactly right, Carl. We have kind of the natural things that are going to drive a recurring from a product and services basis that are straight up the SaaS, the rental, the subscription maintenance out of the pool of opportunity we have with our core business, including the activities that are happening with suites and all that. And then I think there's the other aspect of it in terms of what we can do as we reconfigure our offerings with perpetuals and what would that -- what kind of possibilities does that create to further move that to ratability because of the nature of what's being configured that's based on the offering itself that would clearly cause a different kind of an accounting. And that's something that we're exploring. And I think what we're trying to share with you is the intention to fully and robustly explore that throughout the course of this business plan that we shared with you from FY '14 to FY '18. And, obviously, as soon as we have news that we can share with you, we will share with you. But at this stage, we don't have news on that front. But that's certainly our intention is to continue to work that topic.
