Carl Bass: No, Perry, we really didn't see any change in linearity during the quarter. Nothing different than usual and nothing -- despite the varied performance by country, nothing country by country in linearity.
Carl Bass: If I had to say anything, in some ways, I'd say it's better. People are more optimistic, and I think partially, it's that people have gotten a little bit immune in the business community less than in the financial community to concerns over Greece, Spain, Portugal, whatever. So I think there's a sense in the business community that people need to drive their businesses forward. And so while a year ago, it was closer to the downturn in the U.S. and seemed scarier. I think the business environment remains one in which people feel like they need to move their business forward. The only thing I'm seeing that is similar, particularly in Europe, there's -- we had a good quarter in the U.S. and I think if anything, the bias there is upwards. In Europe, we're seeing a tightening of credit. And I think it's all -- I mean, that shouldn't be news to anybody if you're reading the newspapers, that the banks are experiencing some amount of trauma.
Carl Bass: So Brent, one part I agree with you, it's really caught up with us. The one that's different is, I want to tell you, it's a particularly easy compare. We've run a promotion with LT and a number of other things same time last year. So the compare wasn't -- we didn't feel it was particularly easy. To the substance of your question, I don't think I have anything really to add that's not already out there. I'm not sure any of our business results give an indication of anything different than what everybody is talking about. I think, if anything, we just put a finer point on it and reinforce the strength in Northern and Central Europe and the weakness in Southern Europe. The thing that struck me particularly is that we did well in Manufacturing and AEC and that Germany had a record quarter. And so I think you really just see the tale of 2 nations, and I think it's Northern and Southern Europe are just going in divergent directions.
Carl Bass: Yes, so let me just take it backwards. I think the major thing we're seeing is macro effects. On the margin, I think there's many things that we do in our sales execution and channel policies that affects stuff. But I think the major thing -- and as we've seen often, we're a pretty good reflection of what's going on in the economy. As to what we do differently, certainly marginally, there are investments that, for example -- let me a give you a concrete example. The PLM sales force that we continue to build out, we're having great success with our PLM sales. In the plan were headcount slated for Southern Europe, it makes no sense in my mind to go there when there's so much business in the U.S., Germany. As you saw from the results, Japan and Korea did well. So you have other places that are really strong in Manufacturing, and so why not go there instead of go to Southern Europe? So I think when we have incremental decisions to make, the answers are kind of obvious. I think we're taking a more cautious attitude to EMEA as we look to the long term. I really don't know if I'm going to wake up tomorrow and read that the Eurozone is falling apart and Greek is out of it or whether a bank defaults. So what we're doing is taking a more cautious attitude. We've moderated spend in EMEA, and in very specific examples, where it makes much sense, to hire new people in southern Europe or where we have the opportunity to redeploy people from Southern Europe to Northern our Central Europe, we're taking advantage of all of those.
Carl Bass: Yes, let me answer a little bit and then I'll ask Mark to jump in. I mean, one of the things that we have seen is from some of the channel practices, and we did roll out a new channel partner framework, is we did see some of the business move into Q4, there are incentives in place for our partners and our customers. So I think we saw some there. And I think the view you were taking is a better one of blending it over a period of time, to better analyze it, as I often say, rather than look at one quarter, it's better to look over time. And we're really happy with where our Maintenance billings are without wider lens.
Carl Bass: I think the big one is suites. I think that's what's really driving that, I think, in each of the industries. Manufacturing has held together relatively well. Our customers are continuing to invest. Suites, higher ASPs are all contributing in there. There is certainly a moderately improved construction environment around the world and we're seeing the benefit of that. As I've said, as we've walked through this transition from 2D modeling all the way to BIM, the adoption of BIM is inevitable now. People are doing it, as they see new projects come on, we're seeing increased mandates from governments around the world for building information modeling as a standard deliverable. So I think we have a lot of secular factors in each of the industries. I was really pleased to see both those businesses do well.
Carl Bass: Yes, so a number of things. So first of all, let me just give you the backdrop. I think I say this every 90 days, is that the emerging markets are always more volatile. And so we just have to remember that. Having said that, I was definitely disappointed. We had made personnel changes already. We had some other structural changes in place. There's also an effect of our overall sales reorganization. We're working hard on it but in some ways, we'll watch it as it develops this quarter. I think we've made a substantial number of changes and understand what we're doing, but we're going to watch it closely. I don't see anything systemic. I think this is more of an acute issue.
Carl Bass: Oh, the Media? The Media and Entertainment business was a little bit more one of -- we've got a bunch of bad bounces in some ways. One of our hardware vendors pushed out the release of their product, selling our Creative Finishing products on that is -- once there's a new product announced, nobody wants to buy our product on their old products. Because of the way the industry works, we went to market with Smoke for the Mac. It's getting rave reviews. People are highly anticipating it. But it has certainly frozen sales to some degree. And then the third thing I mentioned a little bit is we do expect our reported revenue in M&E to go down somewhat as some of that functionality is incorporated into the design suites. So there are a number of things there. We've made a number of changes. We're on top of what's going on. In some ways, it's an interesting quarter. And if I told you, well, the Americas and Japan we're going to do well, Manufacturing, AEC we're going to do well, I would have never imagined that there was a conspiracy amongst these other -- these smaller parts of our business to make the results less than perfect.
Carl Bass: Yes, the large deals continue to be up. We made an investment in our major account sales force a couple of years ago. We continue to invest in that. We see really good returns from it. And large deal activity was about double, I think.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, as we've seen the turmoil in Europe, we've slowed down our hiring. What we've really limit it to -- I mean, we don't want to compromise future growth so there are key places, for example, I already mentioned PLM sales force in places like the U.S. and Germany. We want to continue to expand that, our sales efforts in Simulation and in BIM. They're paying good rewards, we want to continue. We've definitely slowed down hiring and I feel like we're tapping on the brakes, or it's one foot on the gas, one foot on the brakes is maybe the appropriate driving metaphor. But we're definitely being more cautious not only with hiring but spending in general. And that's why we're able to sit here and kind of reiterate guidance for the year, but it's definitely with some adjustments to the spending plan.
Carl Bass: Like I said, I think the bias in commercial construction is up. Certainly, in the U.S. and Japan, there are definitely more construction starts, more projects being funded. Some of the things that were going on in the United States around financing, that seems to have lifted. So I don't think any of our construction customers would say it's a booming economy. But they've certainly all adjusted their business, and the business is expanding and they're investing.
Carl Bass: Our guidance for the year contemplates not knowing what's going on in Europe. So I would say it a little bit more clearly is, we assume it's not going to be much different than what we've seen so far in kind of the trend we've been under. Should it worsen, we'll take appropriate measures. Should it improve, there'll be upside to what we're doing now. But we're not really expecting any difference. And I certainly don't -- I don't have any crystal ball that I think any of you don't have. But I'm certainly not expecting it in the next 90 days. I think given the usual things that go on in Europe during the summer, given the results of 2 elections and the upcoming negotiations, I don't think we're going to see much change in the business environment.
Carl Bass: Well, I mean, one of the things you have is that when -- some of it is a direct shift from individual products to suites, and that is the biggest effect that you're seeing. So the majority of what you're seeing going on is that.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, if you put Q1 and Q2 together, and then you look at Q3 and Q4, it's not very far off, linear growth.
Carl Bass: I think you read the press release more closely than I did. Seriously. I mean, I would actually take a slightly different point of view. I mean, Balfour Beatty is a great customer but it looks like many of the other deals that we've been doing with large construction firms, it looks very similar to a number of the big deals we've done in the last couple of years. Large firms, consolidating their positions, growing their market share outside their core markets, we being able to service them globally, it has lots of the characteristics that we see from our large construction companies as well as large E&C firms all around the world. So I wouldn't have thought of it as a particularly atypical deal.
Carl Bass: So let me just remind you, one of the things we've done is, with our cloud PLM, we've done in the cloud the parts of PLM, the business process, the workflow that has been historically the promise of PLM. On the PDM side, we actually have a very capable product called Autodesk Vault. If I was to guess, there's probably more data stored in Autodesk Vault than in any of the other PDM systems around. We have more customers. We have more data in it than almost anything else on the market. So we have that. We still believe the product data management thing is probably more appropriate for almost all of our customers behind the firewall. Because it's for work in process with engineering teams. So we actually have a capable one. Having said that, the PLM thing, we believe that the right deployment for PLM, the truly name PLM is on the cloud. And our PLM system will work whether the data is stored in Autodesk Vault, whether it's stored in another so-called PLM system or anywhere else. One of the interesting things as we brought this to market and talked to many of the analysts, in some ways, there's been a little bit of -- people who follow the industry, having been hoodwinked by the PLM vendors. The vast majority of PLM that's been sold and successfully deployed is really a PDM system. The PLM was a name that they put on top of it to make it sound more important, more enterprise-wide. But really, what was being sold was PDM. And so I feel really good about our capabilities in PDM, and I'm even more excited about what we're going to do with PLM because I think it's really the first time ever that there's a solution out there that answers the question of managing Manufacturing processes.
Carl Bass: Exactly. If I can rename our Vault to Big Data and I could get a valuation like Pinterest on something else, Autodesk will be worth like a billion dollars.
Carl Bass: No, we moved customers only this time, just like we had done with Inventor last year. But there's real traction in the suites. It is, by far, the most attractive offering for our customers. It will not stay at 51% at all. That's not a reasonable terminal run rate. But we were really pleased. I think, also, what we finally did is we brought together some of the things that we've been working on for a while. So not to get too down into the weaves but as an example, our Revit products used to be separate. So whether you're doing mechanical, electrical, plumbing or structural, we've brought that together into a single product and put that in the suites. We've put in some of the other products that's around it and made for a more complete workflow. And we worked on making sure that the products really met the interoperability needs of our customers. So by doing all of that, it's really a very attractive offering. And as I've said before, I think the majority, if not vast majority, of our AEC customers over time will move to suites.
Carl Bass: I think you should see a return to historic levels. I fully expect our hardware partner to ship their hardware next quarter. You may see a little impact until Smoke for the Mac comes out in Q3. I'm hoping to see a little bump there. We have huge pent-up demand for Smoke on the Mac. I mean, we've really kind of changed the offering and changed the price point. It was kind of extreme but highly attractive to the market. So we'll see how that plays out in Q3. But certainly, by then, any unevenness will -- should have been moderated.
Carl Bass: I think you'll continue to see some pricing changes. I don't think there's anything extreme. I don't think you'll see anything radical. In some ways -- the 2 things to look at, and it sounds like, Walter, you were doing both. There are 2 important things to look at. One is what the pricing changes are and not on a per-unit price but on the overall channel framework. I think that certainly influences our partners' behavior. And then secondarily, what we do for these kind of point promotions. What goes on. I don't see any unusual activity around promotions. I think you'll see the usual promotions and you'll probably see the usual, but not consistent across the portfolio, price increases this year as well.
Carl Bass: I mean -- oh, this is Ross, sorry. Ross, I mean, we don't usually guide at that level, but if I -- indications, I'd be on the high side of 10% -- I'd be closer to the high side of 10% than the low side of 20%.
Carl Bass: Yes, what we really changed with the sales organization is, as opposed to the primary way of organizing had been historically geographical, we moved to one based on industry. And what we were seeing is that a manufacturing customer in Germany and one in Japan had more in common than a construction company and a Media and Entertainment company in Germany did. And it only makes sense, given the size of our business, to move there. Also increasingly, our customers are larger, they're more global, they want to be serviced by us in a way that made sense, and it was starting to strain some of the organizational boundaries. So I think we'll do a better job servicing our customers by being organized this way, better job of bringing our products to market. That actually funnels down to our channel partners. And generally, just keeping up with the trends that we've talked about for a long time, which is giving more access to more of our products to more of our channel partners. We always -- a manufacturing customer, for example, could be someone who buys our manufacturing products, our AEC products or Media and Entertainment products. And we felt increasingly, it didn't make sense for them to have to go to multiple channel partners to do that. So we've been on a process to open up access to more of our channel partners. Other changes we made internally are important for us, I don't think they mean a whole lot to the rest of the world. But suffice to say, it's a fair amount of work reorganizing internally and getting everything lined up, both from the finances, the quotas, everything like that. So there have been a lot of people who have worked awfully hard to get this all lined up and do it in a short time frame of both closing out the year and getting us lined up for Q1.
Carl Bass: Yes, there are definitely 2 classes of customers. The patterns are starting to emerge. We've been in beta for a while, but the product, just to remind everyone, the product released on February 29. So we're barely 2.5 months into selling it. The 2 categories that are emerging, and I gave a little bit of indication of this, is the high end of small- and medium-sized businesses that have wanted PLM, may not be able to afford PLM, or really couldn't get it implemented well enough under their budgets. It was too complex, it was -- it just didn't fit what they needed. So that's one class. The second one is the enterprise ones, which in some of these are much more interesting in that the customer already understands PLM, they understand the limitations of the traditional kind of big iron systems and know what they want to do. And what I would say is, we have not replaced a single one yet. Almost all of the work inside the enterprise at this point are pilot projects. They're pilots where one of 2 things, they have a critical area where they want to see if this is a way that a new kind of deployment will fit their needs or the other one is probably slightly more typical, they do not want to extend their use of the traditional PLM systems. They don't know how to remove them, but they don't want to spend more and they're not going to extend their use within the enterprise, and they want to find another way to do that. And so we're seeing lots of places, departments, functions, processes, where PLM, the traditional PLM was never implemented, or more likely have failed one or multiple times. And they see the advantage to do this. The very interesting part of the color commentary is, I just met with our sales team around PLM this morning, and the customers are very clear about what they want to deploy for them. When we go in and talk to them, they're very clear about a very specific problem in which the traditional systems have proved inadequate, and they know exactly what they want to pilot it on. And so we're helping them do that. And 3 months from now, we'll be able to give you a lot more info.
Carl Bass: The plan -- I agree with Mark, the plan is the plan. On the other hand, I would have never expected the particular mix of business and geography we saw in Q1. In Q4, you can talk to me all day long, and I never would have guessed so strong in certain places -- so strong in Japan, that didn't seem so likely, so strong in both Manufacturing and AEC. So I wouldn't have expected the exact mix that we got. And if anything surprised us this quarter, it was really that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Brent, first of all, I would say, no. I mean, I think we are pleased to be able to deliver the plan that we put out there and execute accordingly. So I wouldn't say that there were any things in particular. As you know, we don't guide at a spending level or at an operating margin level for the particular quarter. We focus more on the EPS level. So I think the answer is there's nothing in particular that I would call out to be special.
Mark J. Hawkins: I completely agree. And Jeff, I think you're completely on it. When you take a look at the -- both Q1 of '13 and Q4 of '12, and you look at the average Maintenance billings of around 10% and you look at the exact same kind of reference point a year earlier, it's around 10%. We're pleased. It's exactly as Carl described, it's just a normalization while we have implemented these big changes.
Mark J. Hawkins: I agree with Carl's comments. And keep in mind, we did grow 11% in Q1. And also, the thing I think about that Carl underscored at the onset, is we've just got some major changes implemented that we actually feel really position us well for the long term. So that's a good thing to have behind us as well.
Mark J. Hawkins: I think what you should think about is just we're looking at the year and the commitment for the year at 10% plus in revenue growth and approximately 200 basis points in operating margin. And we always talk about, Keith, it's not going to be a perfectly linear kind of spread sheet effect. We've looked at a number of different facts and circumstances, and we think there's a range of guidance we put out and we feel like that probably...
Mark J. Hawkins: We'll probably have to at least cap it where it is in order to do it. But let me remind you of a couple of things and then tell you a little bit about some of the factors that go into the R&D spend. We spend a lot of time looking at this number, and, actually, we've dug deep with some of our peers. We spent a lot of time benchmarking. And one of the things to do is it's very interesting to compare us to people who sell primarily through a channel versus those who sell direct. Because if you look and if you take our percentage of R&D over our total revenue, as compared to our R&D over end-user spend, the overall end-user spend by our customers is probably about twice of what our revenue is. So if a company does everything direct, those numbers are way off. As I indicated, it could be off by as much as a factor of 2. If you limit the group more to the peer companies that sell through the channel, then I still think we're at the high end of the range but it's much more normal. The reason that I think it's important, we're going through a fairly important transition where we think there's a bunch of opportunity, and this is primarily around social, mobile and cloud. And while I think we can continue to invest in R&D and make steady progress to our promise goal of 30% operating margins, we don't want to forgo the opportunity and kind of be left on the desktop as the entire world moves to social, mobile and the cloud. So it's a constant balancing act. Those are some of the factors that weigh into it. And maybe that gives a little bit more clarity in how we're thinking about this.
Mark J. Hawkins: So one of the things I would say to you, Ross, is that if you look at our attach rates and you compare them on a year-on-year basis, really, no change to speak of, we're pleased with what we're seeing with the attach rates. In terms of our renewals as well, I think we've got a really solid performance in the renewals. And I would call out to you that, again, they're higher than pre-recession levels. I mean, we're getting good traction on that, long term. So and as far as anything in particular with suites, we're doing the anniversary-ing of a lot of our suite introductions, so we're going to continue to see the renewal rates. But thus far, I think things look solid.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. One of the things that we don't get into particulars on is the actual FX rates and such that we lock down on. But the one thing I can give you color on and just to kind of reiterate, is that we do a 4-quarter layered hedge, and we hedge our exposures not only for revenue but also deferred revenue and such. And so we look at the full equation. And the closer you are, for example, in the current quarter, like for example when we give guidance, we're mostly hedged. And as you go out 4 quarters out, it's less hedged. So that's the -- more of the kind of the dynamic process that we use. But in terms of particular rates, we don't typically share that. But I think you've called out the tailwind for Q1 appropriately.
Mark J. Hawkins: I think it's pretty much as we expected. There's always little moderations here or there. But by and large, I think the plan has been the plan, and we're driving to it.
