Carl Bass: Yes, I think over the last couple of years it was certainly the other part of your -- we talked about it repeatedly is that in Central Europe was doing well, but was being dragged down by Southern Europe. We hit the bottom in Southern Europe. In other ways we are starting to see a consistent rebound. So EMEA did well but kind of as I noted in the remarks, the only places where we saw geographic weakness was in EMEA and that was due to what was going on in Russia and the Ukraine and what's going on in the Middle East. Other than that EMEA did great.
Carl Bass: Yes sure Brent. Some of it is driven by increased business activity in construction, but some of it also was that were secular move to seeing more money within the AEC industries spend by construction companies on technology. That's been going for a long term. There is this other more cyclical thing that goes with the economic activity. That's been good across geographies, but I think as much as anything it's just the adoption of technology by construction companies and as they realize the benefits they historically have been severely under invested in technology.
Carl Bass: I think you will start to see -- they are doing well but being overwhelmed by the maintenance subscriptions. I think you will see Q4 throughout next year and beyond. So, what’s going on with -- the desktop stuff is good, cloud subscriptions are good. They’re just being overwhelmed a little bit by the maintenance subscriptions. It’s a good problem to have.
Carl Bass: No Jay. You’re absolutely right. There’s actually two ports of operations in infrastructure, let’s take a minute. The first one is just the increased amount of order processing, because the nature of the subscriptions being term based some of them are for shorter period of time and the perpetual licenses, so there’s a huge effort underway to make sure that we can handle the financial transaction aspect  But there’s also a customer facing aspect of this. There’s a sales engagement part and there’s a marketing effort as well they are really all tied together, that the finally overall customer experience with what we’re doing also because as you know such a huge amount of our business goes through our channel partners, it is having our channel partners engaged as appropriate in some of those activities. So, the operations and infrastructure is big on that. The second part is just in terms of providing cloud based engineering and design services. We’ve been building out cloud infrastructure as well. So, both of those things are critically important for the future.
Carl Bass: One thing I’ll say is, in October at our analyst day, we’ll give you a lot more detail on this. Right now what’s going on with our cloud subscriptions are they’re exceeding all the projections we had. The business is doing well, there’s a lot more stuff coming online, some came on in Q2, there’s a lot in Q3 and Q4. So, these are growing business and so far I am happy with the results. As to becoming a multi $100 million business I think both our desktop and our cloud businesses will become that and it’s kind of inevitable. I think we’re right on track to do that.
Carl Bass: We’ve been looking at considering it seriously and we’ll talk again a little bit more about this in October what our plans are. Right now, we have a fair amount of transition going on in the business with the elimination of the upgrades and certainly inspiring people to action. But as we move into next year, we’ll have more to say on that.
Carl Bass: Some are more and what’s been interesting to me, and somewhat surprising is the number of cloud subscribers and some of our cloud based products are just attracting new people to Autodesk. It was interesting. I was with a customer the other day, and asking them why they choose in this case PLM 360? And they said they just wanted to build on a 21st century company, we are building new kinds of products and our entire infrastructure is going to be in the cloud. So our first decision point was who has a cloud based PLM. And second what was the best? So we are finding companies that were in our natural customers before and so that’s happening and in addition, very specific to your question. Yeah, some people are moving more quickly to the cloud then within our forecast.
Carl Bass: So first of all, I'll let Sue jump in, but what I would say is generally speaking our promotions have been going down as the year has progressed so compare to Q1 the promotional activities going down. The time frame is getting shorter. But my experience in the years of doing this is when we have a like generated by the removal of the upgrades, you're not going to see a wide disparity of activity among so channel partners. They are very focused on this in bringing in this business of it buyers.
Carl Bass: So I mean the way I look at is first of all I'm not sure exactly what time period you’re looking at but all through this there were significant promotions with us weeks. We were making very attractive offers, and moving our customers from there point products. So I mean we always have promotion going on. I think just the nature of the business, and promotions give a small financial incentive for the customers, but there are also way to focus our entire go to market activity among our sales and more teams as well those are of partners. So in some ways to look at it is, it’s less the incentives it’s more the goals of what we are trying to accomplish. And what we are seeing is moving amount of people on to subscription that were non subscription, we also noted in the remarks that the attached rates are a big bump as well. So we are happy with where our subscriptions are going.
Carl Bass: I mean we certainly have numbers. We haven’t been disclosing it and particularly let me separate, it’s not the maintenance subscriptions that are capturing those, I’ll tell you more about that. what we’re seeing is in the desktop subscriptions and particularly I called out LT and while historical rate to LT are being maintained we are also now have this new category of desktop subscriptions and that’s doing more plus what I was noting is in a number of our cloud based offering, build 360 PLM, 360 some of the others, we are seeing customers who just weren’t there before. We’ll try to give a little bit more color about that. But it is certainly attracting new customers and as I pointed out last year at Investor Day, I thought in some cases, some of the markets were engaged in kind of the terrestrial battle where it is kind of that – so it’s with still minimal amounts of market share shift as we are offering a new technology platform we are finding people who really like being on cloud and mobile and selecting elsewhere before, they maybe even happy with another vendor.
Carl Bass: Our best indications are guidance in the revised upward guidance. We see continued strength in – as I talked about in the last call, we said the Q3 maybe the weakest for the quarter, but we thought Q4 would be a big quarter. The hardest part of that figuring this out is, there is a way more subscribers left and we know we will be some behind. Then real question is just how many. So, we can meet everyone of the expectations we have set. And there are still people behind we’re trying to minimize that as much as possible. But you know, when we look at that base, it goes back. We think of going back about in the three to five year category and when you go back five years, there maybe people with company’s – company’s can’t have a business, they may have consolidated, they may have shrunk. So it’s a little bit hard to procure exact hand on, how many of those seats are active today. So problem will be able to know the answer too much better in the future.
Carl Bass: So what I would say I think the base is too small to know of the whole thing. Remember a lot of the guidance we gave around was over five year plan, we are just in very beginning of that. So I’d say the anecdotal evidence is strong, but it's certainly not on a big enough sample size. So, I don’t think we need any core strength, and I don’t think it's anything different. I just don’t think as big enough to really be certain. Again when we get to Investor Day in October, be happy to treasure detail some more of that about how we’re doing according to plans.
Carl Bass: Yes. We knew a little bit more. We certainly know on the enterprise side what’s going on there. And as we always said, just as a matter of historical fact, a lot of the contracts come up in Q4. So, we’re seeing more moving Q4 just like we did in the prior Q4. So there is going to be a seasonality to that. As we get to the accounting on moving other parts of our business that were recognized upfront to a more ratable business model. We’ll fill you more as we go. And we have gotten hands on that. And in addition, there’s been some complication and there have been some new accounting guidelines issued at the same time. They work together and we will describe more of that. Sue you have anything you want to add there.
Carl Bass: So, what I would say, I think in all three geographies we are seeing strength. A very informal way is just to look at the cranes in every city you travel to. Everywhere you go, you can see rather large commercial building going on as well as a big investment in infrastructure. I don’t think we’re at the top of the cycle yet. We’re somewhere on the way up, it’s been building for while and continues to build. I have no better way to forecast how long the uptick is going to be but it’s been sustained, right now it seems strong and consistent across geographies. When compared to last time it feels healthier. It doesn’t have some of the bubble aspects as last time. And so, right now, we’re feeling really good about what’s going on and because it’s been one on the coming after the 2008, 2009 downturn, and it hasn’t gotten too hot too quickly. What we’re seeing is company’s willingness to invest in retooling. They recognize in places where they’re having these technology and they will not spend money to really get onboard. And, it’s nice when it comes slowly enough that they can invest in new technology, train their teams, start to see the benefits, come back and reinvest again and that’s what we’re seeing this time.
Carl Bass: We want to break it down. One thing to remember about when we look at things like acquisitions, the thing you have to remember is that it is you also have the differed revenue right down, but it may not be consistent across geographies. But if I just want to speak more generally the Delcam business is really strong in Europe. And, probably a better way to look at Delcam is by the industry’s reserves and it really does well in aerospace and automotive. There are certainly parts of industrial machinery and others but the way to think about Delcam is computing on the very high end in automotive and aerospace machining.
Carl Bass: If I had to put two things, I’d put one as consulting and the other one is from regular maintenance. Just the upside in maintenance drove that as well.
Carl Bass: Yeah, on the capital allocation. We’ve been working on capital allocation plan. We did an offering, it’s probably year or two now. And we’re always, we just review it with the Board as well and we have nothing to announce at this point but we’re certainly looking at it and making some decisions about capital allocation.
Carl Bass: All through this, it’s really been the mid range suites that have done the best, which is where we wanted to. I would say we overestimated the people who would go to the low end suites and we underestimated the two other categories above, the medium and the high. And we’ve seen more consistently going there. We are getting the uplift, it’s one of those time which our modeling ended up being very spot on and it’s been very consistent over the last few year. So, we’re seeing the uplift, the strategy around the suites has worked really well and really according to plan.
Carl Bass: No. I think, as we always try to distinguish, media and entertainment they are two different parts of the business. There is the creative finishing. Creative finishing has been diminishing, some of it is just nature of the market and some of it has to do with the hardware component in there which we no longer sell. And then there’s the other part which is the software part of the business. The software part of the business is good and healthy and we like all the dynamics in that part of the business. What we see in the other part less happy with it. That’s been going on for the last half dozen years in the creative finishing part.
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think what we’re going to see in the short term is just because of -- as we’ve talked about activity in the channel I think we will see subscription billings grow faster. I think what you saw in the first two quarters is a good indicator. As I pointed out 90 days ago that Q3 maybe the anomaly in the year and Q4 will be very strong in maintenance subscriptions once again.
Carl Bass: Well they really have to something. If they buy an upgrade now along with maintenance they they're on and they only have till the end of the year.
Carl Bass: The only other choice they have is just to buy. If you don’t want to get our maintenance, you buy a perpetual license. You do not buy maintenance and then some number of years from now when you’re comfortable with the new product, you buy another perpetual license.
Carl Bass: Yeah, and the truth of it is there is a half-life to software. Given the integration with enterprise systems and the data and the training, the software becomes less valuable over time. If you’re not on the latest releases, it just becomes difficult to communicate with those folks in your ecosystem and it just becomes difficult overall. So the value of that license definitely diminishes over time. Being more than three years back is not practical for most companies.
Carl Bass: Yeah, we try to cover it a little bit. At least in my open commentary I listed a whole host of reasons that are in there. Some of these returned some expenses due to the over performance. So compared to last year, there’s more in bonuses and other compensation related expenses. There’s also continued investment in building up the infrastructure and relationship T.J.’s question. We talked about building back office systems as well as a cloud infrastructure. So we’ve been investing in that and then I detailed a number of other ones but there’re continued investments that we believe are really important for the future of the company.
Carl Bass: Yeah, so couple things. So the only part of Europe that I really called out as weak were Russia and then Ukraine and the other part was EMEA, was what’s going on in the Middle East. So those are the two areas. What would you think of most of traditional Europe actually performing sharply. Just like when I saw the numbers out of Germany, I was surprised by it. We don’t see anything that’s just -- we haven’t seen that at all. So it was a little bit surprising to me but can surely take a bit of it into account.
Carl Bass: Yeah, no, no, actually all the guidance that we did, that we talked about five years in, as you just referenced Adobe I’ve said this before, while there are certainly similarities between Autodesk and Adobe there’s also a big difference. Adobe went and made the more dramatic step of eliminating perpetual licenses for most of their desktop products and that accounts for the difference on one side. On the other side it is, we had already a very large installed subscriber base and it was related to maintenance relative to what adobe had, so the starting points are a little bit different and the actions we have taken, we’re still selling perpetual licenses and they’re not. So I don’t think looking directly, laying one graph over the other does much good on the other hand. The general trends that both us and Adobe -- and I think others in the traditional desktop software business is looking at are all the same things. So we just stepped back for a second and say what’s this going to work like in the future. Three years from now it will be surprising to me if anybody is really running very much perpetual desktop software.
Carl Bass: I don’t think the upgrades have much to do with next year’s subscriptions. Some of the people are certainly deciding now to upgrade and buy their licenses ahead of that change. There’s always a small effect but as we’ve talked about before, there will be new emphasis next year for something else and it’s a large install base and we’ll tap into a different part of it and hopefully motivate it appropriately.
Carl Bass: Yeah sure. What’s going on with the consumer is really exciting. We’re getting close to more than 200 million users in the consumer space. Over 50 million up monthly unique users in the consumer space. So this is turning into something substantial. We continue to do more in that market and we’re succeeding with that. We’re also kind of bridging the gap between some of the consumer stuff for some of things that have been delayed in the consumer work and what’s going on in the more industrial markets. One thing that I didn’t touch upon but we did announce that we were doing a 3D printer. Autodesk was actually designing and manufacturing a 3D printer. That’s going really well. I am very pleased with the progress that we’ve to date. I am sure we’ll be showing you the 3D printer in October. Prints are coming out of it all day long and it’s sort of really exciting and so well I am excited about the consumer opportunity in and of itself and we’ve just spent the last 50 minutes talking about the more industrial part. There’s this interesting segment in the middle as well that we see developing on the small new industrial that transitions out of the consumer but all signs are really positive with the consumer and in many ways, they’ve been a great leading indicator of the other stuff, much more willing to adopt cloud and mobile stuff ahead of the enterprise.
Carl Bass: I don’t think there is anything dramatic going on that needs to happen with the channel. We work really closely with our channel partners and when I am able to report really good results like this quarter, it is the result of the combined activity of every channel partners. So they are doing really well. They are really optimistic and one thing that did surprise me this quarter was I did notice in your guys’ channel checks not actually picking up on the strength in the quarter so there’s some level of disconnect that I don’t quite understand they ended up looking to probe into a little bit more but our channel partners are really optimistic about the rest of the year going into next year. I am surprised that didn’t come through in some of the conversations with you but it certainly came through in the results. Si I think you’ll see only small incremental changes in how we work with our channel partners.
Sue Pirri: That’s right. And we don’t actually breakout upgrade portion of license from the rest of license but I think it was right, the important part is , the important goal for us is to get us many of our customers on the curve version before upgrades go away. And we’re – the channel partners tend to focus on, the most compelling offer in the quarter and that’s really what people are focused right now.
Sue Pirri: No, I think, you’re right. We will talk more about it at Investor Day and we continue to do work with our finance team and the auditors and we’re finally understanding that accounting around ratability.
Sue Pirri: So what I want to say Heather is, it’s meaningfully more – we’ve seen that in a couple of quarters in a row, but with the current attach rates we have, it’s not going to be 20 points more obviously.
Sue Pirri: Yes, so we don’t breakdown the specifics of where the increase in deferred came from but the things in deferred obviously consulting plays a part in it that the maintenance is in there, there are some support, there’s a variety of things in deferred and one of the big move is consulting during the quarter, some of the deferred consulting and services.
Sue Pirri: The other thing that I would add is as we’re seeing the folks upgrading, we aren’t seeing higher cash rates with these customers and getting closer to Autodesk to being on a maintenance subscription is a good lead-in for us marketing other products for them and eventually priming them for the desktop subscriptions and the cloud.
