Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. We closed fiscal year 2020 with outstanding Q4 results with revenue, earnings and free cash flow coming in above expectations. Recurring revenue grew 29% and we delivered $1.36 billion in free cash flow for the year. Our results were driven by strong growth in all geographies. This was a landmark year for us in Construction as we absorbed our acquisitions and integrated our offerings under one platform – the Autodesk Construction Cloud. Subscriptions now represent around 85% of our revenue, and we exited the year with maintenance contributing less than 10%. Fiscal year 2020 marked the end of the business model transition for us, and we are entering fiscal 2021 firmly positioned to deliver strong, sustainable growth through fiscal 2023 and beyond. It was three years ago that we first communicated our fiscal 2020 free cash flow goal. We have delivered on that goal, which is a testament to the adaptability and focused execution of the Autodesk ecosystem, and the power of our products. I want to acknowledge and thank our employees, partners, customers, long-term investors and everyone who helped us achieve these results. While the path to delivering on our long-term targets was not always smooth, everyone who stayed with us and believed in the transition has been rewarded. Beyond that, the dramatically reduced upfront costs created by the subscription model have enabled a whole new class of customers to purchase our most powerful tools; opening up not only new opportunities for our business, but for the businesses of our customers as well. Before we get into our results and guidance, I want to mention that our thoughts are with those affected by the coronavirus. The safety and security of our employees is our top priority. We are also minimizing potential impact to our customers and partners. The events are not currently impacting our service levels for our customers or global R&D efforts. We will continue to monitor the situation and take precautionary steps. Now I will turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our results, and fiscal 2021 guidance. I’ll then return with a summary of some important recognitions we received, and insights on key drivers of our business, including updates on Construction, Manufacturing and our progress in monetizing noncompliant users before we open it up for Q&A.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right. So the standard plan already exists. So remember, the standard plan is just subscription we have today. And I think one of the ways you want to think about premium is kind of like a mini enterprise agreement without the consumption element. So it’s going to appeal to someone of our larger accounts that get service through the channel. And it’s going to appeal to them for a couple of reasons. First off, some of the things that are included in the premium plan, include Single Sign-on support throughout the directory. So this is the way that the customer can manage their names, user sets, and deployed Single Sign-on across it. It’s easier for them to manage the users. It’s more secure because you can turn on and turn off users really quickly. So that right there is a huge benefit. The other thing that we’re consolidating in, and this is something a lot of our customers already have, is something called an ETR, which stands for extra territorial rights. And that is a something we’ve always sold on top of our traditional licensing to allow them to distribute licenses to subsidiary areas outside of their – outside of where their corporate headquarters are, all right. So that’s another thing that’s included in there. Obviously, another thing that appeals to larger accounts that are serviced by our channel. The other thing that they’re going to get is analytics capability. All of our customers are going to get analytics capability, but what’s going to show up in the premium plan is much deeper. We’re actually going to be making proactive suggestions with some of the analytics about how they can optimize and get more out of their investment with Autodesk or optimize their investment with Autodesk more precisely than they do. They also get a slightly closer relationship with Autodesk through the support terms that we provide. So you can see that it’s going to appeal to larger accounts. I’m not going to give you a percentage of the base in terms of what that means, we could try. But that’s who it’s going to appeal to and I think you can see how we’ve naturally introduced it. At the same time that we’ve introduced a discussion around ending the multi-user licensing, because it allows you to manage named users a lot more effectively.
Andrew Anagnost: Because you asked about that training program, I just want to make sure that we’re all clear about the why of that program. Because there’s a couple of customer wise and there’s a couple of Autodesk wise. From a customer standpoint, a lot of our multi-user customers are already have named user, named user licenses in their accounts. They’re living in what we’ve affectionately call hybrid hell inside the company, where they’re trying to manage two types of different systems. This will put them all on our new subscription backend. So it essentially brings all of these customers that live in hybrid environments into our new backend and provide them all the same analytics that the named users are getting. So there’s going to be a lot of customer benefits associated, especially when you layer on premium because of the control and security it’s going to give you. For Autodesk, this gets us one step further to retiring older systems that are based on serial numbers, systems that kind of, we have to maintain, systems that have sync issues that get in the way of us knowing about our customers. So we’re going to have more knowledge about our customers. We have more information about what they’re doing and we’re going to be able to service them a lot better.
Andrew Anagnost: I mean the only color is our M&E business, because of its size. It just continues to be sensitive to large deals. It always has been because of its size and even the sub-segments within it are sensitive to large deals. That’s just the nature of that business.
Andrew Anagnost: Most of it’s – yes. Sorry, sorry, Phil. Most of its core growth, Phil, so – but as I’ve said consistently over and over again, we’re getting better and better at talking to understanding and converting these non-compliant users. That’s why we gave you some of those stats as you can understand directionally, how this effort is going every year. It’s going to continue to get better and better and better. Our investment both from a system side and from our people side, in terms of people that actually handle directly non-compliant negotiations with customers are going up. So you’re going to see this consistent performance and most of that growth is just the core growth. But I hope you’re getting a sense for how this non-compliant usage starts to become quite an engine as we move forward.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I’m glad you asked this question. First off, the whole coronavirus situations like the human situation, it’s kind of a human tragedy. And the best thing that can happen here for all of us is that it just gets resolved and contained relatively quickly and there’s a vaccine next year for the next flu season. But from a business perspective, how it impacts you is depends on your business. And we’ve looked pretty deeply at our business and here’s kind of a lay of the land I’ll give you. If you are a software vendor that’s exposed to big deals from especially large industrial that has kind of global supply chain disruption, you’re going to feel some effects from this, all right. That’s not us. In addition, if you’re in the travel industry, obviously, you’re going to feel some effects from this. But here’s what’s different about Autodesk and here’s why I want to help you understand how we look at the business and why we took into account from took into account some China FX in Q1. But we don’t see longer term effects at this point. Okay? Now I will say if this becomes a pandemic, all bets are off and we’ll have a different discussion. But right now our business is, is what we call it, almost micro-verticalized. We cut across lots of different verticals and it’s not just industrial verticals, it’s company size verticals. We go from the biggest to the smallest. Our business, especially in the first half of the year is not heavily dependent on large deals and at large companies that particularly large industrials. So we don’t see that kind of sensitivity in our business. But in addition, and I think this is super important for you to understand, it’s one of the great things about being an indirect company. Our business happens hyper-locally and what I mean by that is the VARs, especially in APAC, the transition, they transact with the customers, are actually new to the customers. All right? You’re not dealing with a situation where people travel or there’s a diaspora of salespeople heading in various directions to get the business done. Customers need our software and they need your software is now and the VARs are there. So this combination of this micro-verticalization, that spread across various companies of various sizes and its hyper locality of our business is why when SARS hit last round, we didn’t see much impact on our business. So, right now what we’ve done, we looked at China, obviously we just said alright more China, China was already having issues as well. So, we prudently looked at Q1 with regards to China and looked at the short term impact but we don’t see right now any other impacts in our business. Of course, like I said earlier, the pandemic hits we’ll have a different discussion, but right now I just want you to pay attention to that notion of highly verticalized micro verticals, different customer segments and hyper vocal, which is a great advantage of where we’re at.
Andrew Anagnost: Good. So a great question, Heather. Good to hear from you. Let me give you some color here. So first off, we did increase the price of new multi-user licenses, new, all right. And renew is exactly the same price, right. So it was a 33% increase in multi-user. This is going to have a very little impact on our existing customers, right. The reason we did it was very simple between now and May, when the two for one starts in earnest, we’ve now set the price so that gaming is removed from the system. So what we didn’t want to see was this kind of like sudden hoarding of multi-user licenses heading into the May two for one. And that’s why we did this. It was basically a signal like, hey, here’s where we’re going. We’re heading into this new direction. We did not pull any materially significant business forward into Q4. This had no material effect on our Q4 results. And to be very clear, I’d repeat that, no material fact on our Q4 results. All right. This was purely a hygienic change to line up everything to the two for one offer. Most customers will not see a huge impact on this, except for the few that are going to be adding some multi-user licenses in there. It’s really too early to hear what customer impact is. We did hear from some of our early evangelists and as a result, we were able to kind of adjust some of the – some aspects of the program and do a few things that they kind of address some of their concerns but so far, it’s too early.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. For the most part, you’re going in and you’re digitizing a process from scratch for them. Now we do have a competitor we compete with frequently. We’re winning and beating them more and more. And we’ve actually kicked them out of some of our accounts because our customers do not like their business model and that will increasingly make it easy to kick them out of our accounts. It’s just not a good long-term business model. So we do have competitors that go into the same accounts, but essentially what you’re doing is you’re replacing analog with digital and – or you’re replacing e-mail on mobile with devices with some kind of process and process control. Now as we get deeper and deeper into pre-construction planning, model based construction management, interdisciplinary digital twins and all of the things that kind of build out on this, you actually start fundamentally changing the customer’s processes. But Heather, you’re essentially right, you’re replacing analog with digital and that’s where the money is and that’s where we’re going.
Andrew Anagnost: This is someplace where I have to chime in just a little bit since you mentioned the free cash flow ramp. One of the things I want to make sure we all kind of like think up on here, you look back three years, here we are three years later, okay, the business ended up free cash flow wise where we expected it to be. The path had numerous twists and turns, and numerous puts and takes. We modeled it according to certain assumptions. We adjusted those assumptions as we went along. We have an execution machine that knows how to adapt. I just want you to remember, when we give you three-year targets, we are fairly confident we know where we’re going and we know how the free cash flow is going to ramp and we know it’s going to continue to ramp. We also know how to adjust as we execute through here. And how to move forward and make sure things happen the way they need to happen. And I just told you before, the safest assumption is to assume we’re going to do what we tell you we’re going to do. And if there’s any kind of hidden things like Scott said in that question, I want you to know we’ve got our handles on the controls here for this business.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So right now GCs are some of our biggest customers, subs are starting to ramp up quite significantly, all right? Because remember, with the BuildingConnected network, we have a lot of access to subs now. So you’re engaged with the subsea ecosystem in a way that where you were never before. GCs are the biggest buyers. But you’ll also be surprised interdisciplinary engineering firms are big buyers as well because of their intimate connection to construction planning processes and things associated with that. But, yes, starting with the GCs, that has been moving down markets quite significantly as we’ve matured.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So there’s two anchors of strength that we have that are pretty deep, one is field execution. We are by far massively advantage on the field execution side. The other area that is closer to the front end of the process is in preconstruction planning. There’s another area where we’ve brought tools and capabilities close to the building information model and all the things associated with that that are pretty powerful. Now there’s one kind of thin layer of technology where we’ve been playing catch up and actually it’s not really a very deep technological mode to be honest, but it’s in project management and in project costing. That’s something where we’ve been investing a lot, it’s where a lot of the R&D investment has gone. That gap is closing incredibly rapidly. The team is just pounding out enhancements and that’s the area we pay attention to because it’s not technologically sophisticated, but it’s important and it’s one of the areas that we’ve deployed to add those things and that’ll allow us to connect, feel the preconstruction planning in a way that other people simply can’t.
Scott Herren: Yes, yes, it does Saket. And as you imagine, that’s something we looked pretty hard at as we designed the end of sale of multi-user and what that trade in program would look like. And it runs right around two to one. In other words, two named users end up on average being served by one multi-user license. So that’s the reason we set the trade on program the way we did. I think for some customers they will end up needing a few more single users to support their base, if they were running a little hotter than that and for some they’ll probably make the trade in program and in the future there maybe a chance for them to either right size that or take the additional budget and hop into premium with that. So it’s a – it was designed at right around the average of what we see in terms of actual usage today.
Scott Herren: Yes, thanks Phil. And you may not have had a chance to know, it’s a busy night for everyone, but we posted some details by both geography and by product family on the slide deck that’s on the website. And what you see is we were really strong in both, we were strong in all three geos, both in the quarter and for the full year and across all product sets. The one anomaly and we talked about this in the opening commentary was in Media & Entertainment, which actually showed a slight decline for the quarter year-on-year. And that was really driven by one large multi-year upfront transaction that was done in Q4 a year ago. That skewed that. For the full year, Media & Entertainment grew about 9%. So we really saw strength across the board. Our expectation looking into fiscal 2020, I mean, you can see we go from an overall revenue growth rate of about 27% this year to one that’s in the 20% to 22% range next year. Part of that is the – there was about three points of added inorganic growth to our fiscal 2020 numbers. So yes, it takes it down to about 24% compared to 20% to 22% next year, which is just the law of large numbers in absolute terms. We see growth in revenue and a strong percent growth next year as well. And any color you want to add, Andrew.
Scott Herren: And Matt if could just tag on to that because there may be some confusion also with our Q1 guide relative to what’s out there and facts said. And of course, what’s in facts said is unguided, on a quarterly basis it’s interesting that it shows sequential growth. The consensus does from Q4, which of course is not what we experienced last year, since we’ve made the shift, last year we saw a sequential decline and even saw a sequential decline last year, despite the fact that Q4 of 2019 only had a month of PlanGrid included and Q1 had an entire quarter of PlanGrid included and we still saw a sequential decline. What drives that by the way, is not a recurring revenue decline and as we look at our guide for Q1 of fiscal 2021 we’re not seeing recurring revenue decline. What we are seeing is and we’ve talked about this in the past, this license and other line, it’s always the biggest in the fourth quarter. It has to do with largely to do with some products that we sell that we sell on a ratable basis. But the accounting still requires them to be recognized upfront. So, if you look at our license and other line in the fourth quarter, the quarter, we just announced it was $42 million. Now we think it’ll be about half that big in Q1. That’s really what’s driving the sequential decline. And so without commenting on how fast they got to nine, 10, I’ll tell you, it’s not a, we haven’t taken into account a significant headwind from coronavirus. We expect our recurring revenue to actually show a slight growth sequentially again.
Scott Herren: You know, Matt, we’re not talking about it and you nailed it. It’s because of some of the anomalies in the way we defined ARR and we talked about this extensively on the Q3 call in relation to our Q4 guide. It was a great metric as we were going through the transition and our P&L had a mix of significant amount of upfront plus ratable. You needed to see how we were building that recurring revenue base. At this point we’ve built a recurring revenue base of 96% of our total revenues. Right? So, doing ARR, which when I gave you an annual number was in effect saying that’s the fourth quarter recurring revenue and multiplying it by four. It didn’t accumulate through the year. That’s why we pulled back on the metric. I think you get as good, if not better, insight from just tracking revenue and knowing that 96% of that is recurring. You will still be able to calculate it, by the way. I don’t plan on focusing on it during these calls, but if you look at our P&L, remember the way we calculated ARR was subscription plus maintenance revenue actual reported for the quarter times four. We’ll continue to report in those line items. So you’ll continue to be able to track it if you want. I just think it’s a less reliable metric of where we’re headed, than revenue or current RPO, which you see in our results. Current RPO is up 23%.
Scott Herren: I’d be remiss on your first question, if I didn’t add, besides we’re continuing to maintain spend discipline. It was – we built it up pretty diligently over the four years of staying flat in spend, that’s not going away. But I think you also have to look at the increased spend, not as increased spend, but we’re increasing margin. We’re at a point in our growth story where we can both increase spend to drive future growth and increase margin. So we added 12 points to our operating margins in fiscal 2020. You see the midpoint of our guide, we’re adding five more points to our op margin in fiscal 2021 and we’ve said, it’s going to be 40% by the time we get the fiscal 2023. So the conversation around spend, while interesting if what you’re looking for is where are we investing, that’s a good conversation to have. You should know and everyone should be confident. We continue to manage that very diligently.
Scott Herren: A huge amount of pushback on that. Yes, this is Scott. I wouldn’t expect a huge amount of push back on that given that we designed it to be two for one, both in terms of price if you buy a new multi-user now, but at the trade end point because that’s what we see is the average number of single user or named users that are being served by a multi-user license. So it should be fairly neutral to most of our customers.
Scott Herren: Yes, Brad. Thanks for that. I don’t certainly want to get into giving that kind of granularity on our fiscal 2023 guidance. I’ll give you a couple of comments though that we’ve said a few times in the past and still believe construction’s the next billion dollar business for Autodesk. What you see is on the – in the wake of the transactions we did in fourth quarter last, we’ve done a great job integrating those. We haven’t lost any momentum in those acquired companies. And in fact, have seen an updraft in our organic construction business as a result of that. So scrolling on a really nice path at this point, you’ve seen what the inorganic piece looks like in our results. Looking at our total cloud growth gives you a good sense because BIM 360 is the organic piece of our construction business and it’s the biggest piece of our cloud results. So you get an overall sense of where construction is headed for us. And it’s a sizable business and will continue to grow, but I don’t want to get into trying to give you a – you here’s the, let me start to break down the components of our fiscal 2023 targets.
Scott Herren: No, that’s a great question. So thanks for asking that. And obviously, the long-term deferreds are a result of multi-year, right, of multi-year sales and we said this is the year we expect multi-year sales to revert back to the mean, right to what we have seen, when we sold multi-year on maintenance historically. And that’s what you see that one of the effects of that is of course, it drives long-term deferred revenue and that’s what you’re seeing in our results. I thought mid-year that this was going to get that long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred revenue would be in the mid-20% range. It’s a couple of points higher than that. As we’ve analyzed that and we’re keeping a close eye on how multi-year is running as we’ve analyzed it, it still feel like that’s at a sustainable level and it’s below what we saw with maintenance. When we offered almost the exact same offer for three years, paid upfront on maintenance, long-term deferred got up to 30% of total deferred at that point. I don’t see us getting to that level. In fact, I think long-term deferred moderates a bit looking at fiscal 2021 as a percent of total deferred versus where it is. But we’ll stay on top of that. And if to the extent we need to make an adjustment in that offering, we’ll make that adjustment. I certainly don’t want to see that run at a level that’s unattainable or unsustainable. I think, Brad, what may be implied in your question that you didn’t ask is, is this going to create a headwind for free cash flow. And so besides the comments I just made on kind of the steady state that I see multi-year getting to, bear in mind one other fact, and we’ve talked about this but not since last Investor Day, that as we look from fiscal 2020 out through fiscal 2023, more and more of our free cash flow, in fact the majority beginning of this year of our free cash flow will come from net income as opposed to coming off the balance sheet and growth in deferred revenue, right? So as we scale both the top line and improve our margins out through fiscal 2023 more and more of cash flow comes right off the P&L in net income versus coming in growth in deferred.
Scott Herren: No, I think that’s right. I think the gist of your question, Tyler, was around multi-user and we did touch on that earlier. And I think the only thing I’d add again is that the way we set the price and the trade in program around multi-user moving them all to named user was in sync with our analysis of how many named users today are being supported by a given multi-user. So it should be pretty much a wash for most of our multi-user customers.
Scott Herren: Yes, I’m not – I think I feel good about the targets that we’ve laid out for fiscal 2023. Let me start there. And we sort of glossed over it given all the other news that’s in the environment, but I’m pretty proud of the fact that we hit the number that we laid out three years ago for free cash flow at the end of fiscal 2021, which was no small task given the amount of transition we still had to go through and the changes we made in execution to get there. So we probably had to start there. That’s a big stake in the ground, a big milestone for us. Looking at fiscal 2023, I feel equally confident in our ability to hit the targets that we’ve got out there of $2.4 billion in free cash flow. Looking beyond that, I think we will continue to see the same trends that drive growth out through fiscal 2023, of course, extending beyond that. I think that relative magnitude of some of those will change. Obviously, construction will be a bigger driver as we go further out in time. I think where we’re headed with Fusion in the manufacturing world will become a bigger driver further out in time, but many of the same drivers that get us to those 2023 targets will extend well beyond fiscal 2023. I’m not inclined at this point to put another quantitative target out though beyond fiscal 2023.
