Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. Building on our strong performance in Q2, we delivered another quarter of solid execution in results with revenue, billings, ARR, earnings, and free cash flow coming in ahead of expectations. For the first time we delivered over $1 billion in quarterly billings outside of a fourth quarter, and our last twelve months free cash flow came in at nearly $1 billion, breaking yet another company record. Broad based strength across our entire product portfolio and all geographic regions drove these results. We have strong momentum in Construction, are gaining share in Manufacturing, and we continue to make strides in converting the non-paying user base. Before we dig into details from the quarter, I want to recognize the hard work put in by the entire Autodesk team, especially our colleagues in the bay area who ensured that our business did not experience any disruptions despite our San Rafael office, and many employees’ homes being without power due to wildfires in the final days of the quarter. Our business continuity planning was flawless and the entire team went the extra mile to ensure that we did not miss a beat under very difficult circumstances. Now, let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our third quarter results as well as details of our fiscal 2020 guidance. I’ll then return with insights on key drivers of our business and provide an update on the progress of our strategic initiatives before we open it up for Q&A.
Andrew Anagnost: First off, let me just kind of say that I have a lot of respect for John Herstig and the work that he has done over the years. I’ve respect for Jim Heppelmann and the work he has done in the past. And I think there are important forces in this industry, but the way this is all coming down and characterized is just off. Okay. So let's talk about what we all agree on and what's happening, what's really happening in the markets. So here we all agree on. Multi-tenant SaaS is the future of our business. It's the future of the entire software because I have been saying this for seven years now, okay? Seven years and we've been executing on it for seven years. Fusion 360 is a multi-tenant SaaS offering with the SaaS business model. Here's the other thing we agree on. What does this SaaS means? It means three important things. Data; the cloud is going to revolutionize data flow in the manufacturing and product development industry. Is just going to revolutionize multi-disciplinary data flow, data flow across various parts of supply, it just going to revolutionize data flow, compute, compute power. We're able to deploy compute power through the cloud in ways we've never been able to before, what we do a [general] [ph] design, that's all computed off the desktop. It's all – that is all a cloud compute exercise. And then the last thing I think we all agree on that. We don't – I'll talk about this equally and some of us are actually executing on it, is that we can layer machine learning on top of this data layer and with this compute and we can start doing predictive analytics and all sorts of predictive and insightful studies on top of what people do. Some of our general design algorithms already incorporate machine learning with regards to how they integrate CAM. So we all agree on that. All right? It's the uniform - and we're all building that to some degree. We’re I think quite a bit ahead and I'll get to that in a minute But here is what we don't agree on is how you do it. All right? And there is a big difference between the way Fusion and Onshape works. Fusion has taken a strategy where we have a thin client which is a browser and we have a thick client which is installed on the desktop and worked on that cloud data layer. The thin client and thick clients see the world exactly the same. They can't operate without the cloud behind it. There are dead without it. The reason we have the thick client is we're solving an additional problem. It's end-to-end workflow all the way from design to CAM, electronics and all these things. So we're putting a huge amount of power in there that you want – if you want to get in there in order to solve the bigger problem. Onshape put CAD in the browser, a thin client. We knew from our thin client experiments early on, which is like seven years ago, that don't work, okay? That boat don't float. And one thing we've just seen from this acquisition is we were right. What was Onshape installed base? Eight years into this experiment, 5,000 subscribers. We did more than that. We added more subscribers to the Fusion base in Q3 than that entire installed base. So we're talking tens of thousands of paid Fusion subscribers. And we're talking about 5,000 subscribers for Onshape. We know exactly why, because that thin client only solution doesn't work. You need a thin client and a thick client. Sure the thick client will probably get thinner over time, but that's what you need today. And you also need a new business model with the different prices and the different options. So, we just have a different view of how to do it. And we're pretty convinced we're way ahead. I think the data now -- now that we can see the data, we're now confirming that we're way ahead. But that's kind of where we're at. We all see the world the same way. We're executing on it differently and the market is voting with its wallet.
Andrew Anagnost: So we absolutely expect things to stay fairly consistent heading into next year. I like to highlight the counter cyclical aspects of our business right now with regards to BIM mandates, with regards to the momentum around displacing SolidWorks and Mastercam and smaller accounts for fusion with regards to digitization and construction, with regards to infrastructure because these are important things to keep in mind. But our assumptions into next year is places where we saw our soft already continued to be soft relative to our expectations. And we're going to continue to see kind of the same thing heading into the rest of the markets. I'll let Scott comment on the investment model.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So you asked a couple of questions there. So let me let me start on the infrastructure questions. So, no, we're not going to be breaking out the business or providing any more color on what's percentage. But what I can tell you is that we've made some deliberate investments in rail and road, some of those have already shown up this year, more we're going to show up early next year that are targeted at where we believe some of the sweet spots in spending are going to be in areas where we have strength. You might have also noticed that we moved similar Civil 3D into the BIM 360 design environment. So now the same collaborative power that we have on Revit models is available for Civil 3D models. That's important. That was something that customers were looking for. And another thing we're doing that you'll start to see progress on is this notion of a common data environment, which is really important to infrastructure projects. And it's important to particularly infrastructure projects in Europe, but even in the U.S., people are really interested in these ISO-compliant, common data environment. That's going to be showing up really soon as well. So we have made some clear targeted investments that we believe allow us to go where the real opportunity is in that space. And on top of that, if you've been following what's happening with InfraWorks that products really growing up. And it's integration with Esri, and some of the things we've done there are actually pretty compelling and pretty interesting. Now with regards to the long-term targets, alright, so you're right. Right now about we're at 30% between direct and indirect. And the reason for that is not that the stores growing. The store is growing a lot, all right. It's still our fastest growing channel in the Company, okay? So, our digital direct channel is still the fastest-growing channel in the company. It's a fastest growing. Why isn't it showing more progress towards the goal? The truth the matter is, is that the channel grew well, too, all right. It grew robustly. And I think we should all celebrate that. And at the same time what happens is because right now the store is essentially majority an LT channel. That's not totally true because we sell the whole portfolio there. And we capture a lot of construction solutions usually direct. It's margin neutral right now, because the margin we make off of LT to the channel into the stores the same. So we're getting the same economics. That said, I'm not backing away at all from the 50-50 split or the 25 -- the half of that direct being from the digital direct channels. We're still going to achieve that. Remember, I always characterized that as a long-term target. And there's lots of things that haven't lit up yet that are going to help with that. Things associated with piracy recapture things associated with construction. There's a whole set of things over the next few years that are going to go into tip the balance on that number. So we're still confident. We're getting the economics we want. So we're getting the price realization. We want especially on the things that would most likely go digital direct. So we are still committed to that mix long term.
Andrew Anagnost: So Matt, here here's a few things I wanted to characterize there. First off, we're absolutely on the plan that we always intended for this model. Every year we're taking a set of steps that we believe we are going to materially improve our penetration into the non-compliant base. And every year there'll be a set of new steps that we believe will provide some additional ramp-up in that space as well. So what do we do this year? We rolled out in product communication and tracking of how the priority of user journey -- the non-compliant user at journeys through the lifecycle of learning their non-compliant and what options they take as they travel through that cycle. We introduced those things we rolled it out throughout the year across more and more countries. And yes, we're seeing results that we expected primarily through two things. One, we're increasing better leads to our inside license compliance teams and we are converting people digitally as well through some of the digital communication. But the digital communication also creates these better leads. To put in context we have to kind of get a sense for what happened. Last year we did 21 deals over $500,000 in piracy whole entire year, 21 deals. In Q3 alone we did 19 deals over $500,000. So you can see yes, we are seeing increases in momentum. And there's a whole slew of things that we'll talk about later. There will be doing next year that will provide us to not only get even more intelligence on this space but make it more challenging for the base to jump to another pirated solution. Okay? And that will be a discussion for later. But this is to plan. Every year there's something that rolls out and every year we seem to be getting the results that we want from this program. And given what we know we're doing next year we feel confident we're going to continue to get the results we expect to get.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. What excites me a lot about this is the way we are unifying the whole entire stack around this common data environment and it's a real great return on the investment we made in BIM 360 docs, because that entire environment is becoming the common data environment and PlanGrid integrating into it, BuildingConnected integrating into it. The existing BIM 360 stack has already integrated into it. And everybody is looking at this insight internally within the development saying wow this is this is an amazing opportunity for us to bring these things together. So the whole ability to have a conversation with the customers about here's the umbrella brand and how we're bringing all these things together so that they actually communicate is a really exciting part of this. And I think it's going to come rapidly and customers are going to be delighted. When we rolled it out there were 50 new enhancements and there's a reason why those 50 new enhancements were in there is because we invested in acceleration of the integrations with respect to some of these things were moving faster not slowing down. I'm really excited about the pace of what's going on. I'm excited about what the team has been doing. And I'm frankly excited about how well we're winning in the market. People look at what we're doing. They look five years out at the landscape and they say okay I'm going to place my bet with Autodesk. And I think that's a credit to the team. I guess, credit to the momentum they've kept in here. And I think the whole story around construction cloud and the way they rolled it out and told you it is really a great piece of work by the team. So I'm really proud of them.
Andrew Anagnost: Well, we've always said that as we look out to the business we will continue to be acquisitive as we were in the past at the very least. We always look at the market for organic and inorganic opportunities. Right now we feel like our construction portfolio has most of what it needs. We're partnering aggressively. We could potentially do tech tuck-ins around the construction solution. As we look into other parts of the market you know we'll just have to wait and see. What you see as we've demonstrated an ability to capture significant inorganic targets integrate them and turn them into results. And I think that's one of the things you should notice regardless of whatever we do in the future that we become a serious machine around focusing around what are the real inorganic opportunities, how do we bring them in and then how do you make them successful. And that's our commitment to our customers and to the market.
Scott Herren: Yes. It's a great question, Saket. Thanks for putting it out there. I think you are probably not the only one scratching their heads. Here’s the way you got to think about it. The -- if you step back and think of the way we define ARR, its actual reported subscription plus maintenance revenue for the quarter. And then we annualized it by multiplying by four. So we'll give you a full-year ARR number. What we're really saying is, just what we think our Q4 subscription revenue numbers -- subscription and maintenance revenue number will be times four. What you saw in Q3 is we had a fair amount of upside in the revenue line versus the midpoint of guide revenue was $18 million higher than the midpoint. Some of what drove that was upfront revenue. We always have a little bit of upfront revenue. So we have a couple of products, smaller products that under ASC 606 don't qualify for ratable treatment. So we sell them just like a subscription. They look -- the economics of them looked like a subscription. The customer buys it. They have to renew in 12 months. But under 606 you have to claim on that revenue upfront. It's small product like Vault that fall in this category. What happened in Q3 is we had a handful of deals for this small product set that we felt were coming in Q4. Actually we got closed in Q3, and because they are upfront that revenue moved out of Q4 and into Q3. And there's no tail. There's no ongoing -- all of their revenue is recognized upfront. This happens every quarter, but this was particularly magnified where we had a handful of these deals that we thought were coming in Q4, actually came in Q3 instead. So, good news is Q3 looks super strong. The downside is that creates a headwind to the Q4 subscription and maintenance revenue and therefore to the Q4 ARR calculation. So it's kind of a combination of ASC 606 in the way it treats. So just a small subset of our products and then how that gets rippled through in the way we calculate ARR, which is actual reported revenue times four. What's important to remember is a couple of things. One is, the way the rev rec works is not necessarily -- it doesn't reflect the economics of the transaction. We sell these on a subscription basis and they look to our customers just like any other subscription. So there's changes there are isn’t reflective of any kind of change in the overall economics of our business. I think the second is, when you peel back the growth that we're going to see in subscription revenue this year and you can derive this from the guidance we just gave you, Saket, we see subscription revenue continuing to grow for the full year, because that's an accumulated metric. It's Q1 plus Q2, plus Q3, plus Q4. When revenue moves across quarter lines, it doesn't matter when you aggregate it to the full year. For the full-year we see subscription revenues growing into 29% to 30% range. So still feel strong about that. We just got this anomaly between kind of the way 606 treats a small subset of products and how that gets reflected in our ARR. That's what you see in the ARR guidance change.
Scott Herren: It has more to do with the product, Saket, than the way we sell it. We sell it just like we sell every other product. 12 months you -- they pay us upfront. They get access to the product at the end of that 12-month period they either renew and continue to use the product or they don't renew and they lose access to the product. So it's really transparent to a customer. It's more -- some of the details of the offering itself under 606 don't qualify for ratable treatments.
Scott Herren: Sterling, it's a lot of the same factors that we've talked about. So, obviously the renewal base continues to grow. That renewal base comes to us at a better set the price realization than a net new does. We continue to drive growth out of construction. And you saw. We gave you some of the data points both in the opening commentary and in the press release. Construction business drove a $113 million of ARR in third quarter. So, we continue to see strong growth there as well. Well, the core basically grows to a certain degree every year. We've -- I'd say 6% to 8% growth in the core every year. So the same factors we've always talked about that will continue to drive that growth. I think one thing to bear in mind;, we're in year three of the M2S program. And maybe the very first cohort of interest customers we signed. We've locked in their price for three years depends at the end of that time we said they revert to the terminal price, which for that set of customers will be about 11% price increase. We begin to see the front edge of that even for the M2S base that's been locked in. It will start to ripple in the second quarter of next year. So, besides just our annual price increase rhythm that we've gotten on, there is a few embedded price increases that will be coming through over the next few years as well. So, piracy recapture, construction, renewal base growth into an embedded price increases is what will drive it longer-term.
Scott Herren: You know, its standard three years upfront, 10% discount. I think you see most companies that sell on an annual subscription basis will offer that kind of 10% is obviously a bit better than the cost of money over three years, but not a whole lot more. And there's no extended ARR terms. There's nothing else that goes with that. What I'd say just to perhaps get it what's underneath your questions, Sterling is, we're monitoring that very carefully. And one of the reasons that I went ahead and gave you some headlights on fiscal 2021 both revenue growing in the low 20% range and free cash flow growing in the low 20% range is I didn't want there to be this building perception that because multi-years reverting to the mean, but that was somehow upgrading a headwind and we wouldn't be able to see the same kind of free cash flow growth next year. Obviously it's an outsized growth this year going from $300 million of free cash flow in fiscal 2019 to 1.3 billion to 1.34 billion this year. But we see that growing another 20% next year in fiscal 2021. So we're monitoring the multi-year -- the percent of sales multiyear very closely. And if we see it begin to run too hot where we think it's not sustainable and it will begin to create a headwind. We'll modify the offering.
Scott Herren: Yes. So first off let me comment on kind of how we view things since we talked last quarter. There really hasn't been a fundamental change in our view of the market right now. In fact, a few things got a little bit better, right? The UK and Germany are still performing below our expectations, but they're growing and they showed a slight improvement in Q4 relative – I mean, Q3. I can't see that far in the future yet. In Q3 relative to what we saw in Q2. The same goes for China. We're still not doing any business with the state-owned enterprises, but the business continued to grow just below our expectation. So we actually saw a little bit about firming up not a deterioration in the business, which is a good sign. Now as we look into next year, we're not seeing any fundamental change in the places where we've seen weakness. But more importantly, there's a trend going on that I want you to pay attention to which is a tailwind for us as we move into any situation that we see in the next year and how we feel about next year. People are moving more and more rapidly to the model-based solutions we're deploying and the cloud-based solutions we're deploying, because they see those as fundamental to their competitive shift. There are competitive dynamics. We're seeing a continued acceleration of BIM. That's going to continue into next year. BIM mandates, BIM project specs is going to continue. Inventor and Fusion 360 are growing as we head into next year. And the momentum on construction is solid. In addition to that one of the things that we always see as anti cyclical as we head into any kind of environment is infrastructure, and over the last year we've been investing in infrastructure capabilities in our products and a lot of those are going to show up next year and they're going to show up both with regards to some of our construction portfolio and some of our design portfolio. So we feel pretty good heading into next year. And that's one of the reasons why in the opening commentary we affirmed this low single-digits growth in free cash flow for next year.
Scott Herren: Yes. Low 20. Didn't did I say it's low 20. Sorry. Thank you for correcting. That would have been -- that would have - definitely have said somebody, that your low 20s -- to low 20% cash flow increase year-over-year.
Scott Herren: Yes. The only thing I'd add to what Andrew just said before I jumping on spend management is, we do think by the way there continues to be an accelerating opportunity that's not necessarily tied to overall macro spend environment in areas like construction and the momentum that you see us gaining in piracy recapture. Understood management question, Heather, you see us really exercise good spend management muscles for four consecutive years at this point. I feel good about our ability to do that. I mentioned that there is pent-up demand for spend there is. But to the extent that we see the business beginning to trend lower than what we expected of course we'll tighten up on that front. I think it's a muscle that we built. That doesn't -- it's taken time. It doesn't go away overnight. So I think you can expect us to continue to be diligent in management. That said with the revenue growth we're expecting, next year we will not only grow revenues, we'll be able to grow spend and expand margins. We are expecting expanded operating margins next year versus this year. So I think we're pretty well-positioned from a spend management standpoint next year.
Scott Herren: Yes. Matt it is. And to be clear what I was talking about it is if you remember in Q3 of fiscal 2018, as we started down this path of selling nothing but subscriptions, we offered a promotion for legacy customers turning in your perpetual license. And for a 50% discount you can get three years of the same product on product subscription. That was actually quite a successful. If you remember we get over 40,000 of those. That three-year term came due during this last quarter. While we saw, we expected there to be a higher than normal churn rate and we didn't see that. But the aggregate value of that customer set actually grew. So I think the promotion was quite successful. I've got people to try to move over to the product subscription and the aggregate value after renewal and they renewed closer to list, not in a 50% discount grow over that timeframe. So it was successful, but it did create a little bit of a headwind on our volume renewal basis.
Scott Herren: On a unit basis. Remember we started talking about renewal also as net revenue retention rate or sometimes I'll call it in our three -- and our three for the quarter continued to run in that 110% to 120% range overall. So this was -- it was accretive to that metric.
Scott Herren: Absolutely. Exactly. And the interesting thing about this Tom is, the economics of our business by the way are completely divorced from the rev ramp issue that we're talking about. The economics of the business are unchanged. It just between having the claim that as non-ratable upfront revenue and moving it back into Q3, and the way we define ARR as quarterly revenue. It's that combination that drove the change in Q4 ARR.
Scott Herren: Okay. Thanks for that too. Billings growth at 55% and over a $1 billion of billings in Q3 super strong. And the biggest factor driving that is the growth of our renewal base. That has nothing to do with multi-years. Is just the overall growth of renewal base. Beyond that the contribution from our construction business, construction continues to perform really well. With the noise around the ARR guide, we haven't really focused on the success of our construction business as much as we probably should have. It continues to perform really well and it's driving upside to our billings as well. Multi-year is part of it and you're right, we're already add long-term deferred at about 25% of total deferred. If you go back historically by the way, back into fiscal 2017 and 2018 before we began this transition, by long-term deferred ran as high as 30% of total deferred at one point. I don't think it gets back to that level. I think we keep it in this low to mid-20% range in terms of long-term as a percent of total. To the extent that it ran hot and I said this earlier in other words we were selling more multi-year than I thought we could sustain longer-term. I'd like to make a change in the offering. What I don't want to do is drive volatility and free cash flow because of the offering we've got out there for multiyear. At this point I don't think we've done that. But if it continued to accelerate that something we take a look at.
Scott Herren: Yes. The customer feedback has been really solid and here's why, because if the customers don't react to the branding, they don't spend a lot of energy on that, but they do is they react to what we do. All right. So we like the branding because it helps us communicate simply. We were not propagating multiple brands out there. It allows us to focus our go-to-market efforts. It allows us to communicate more precisely at the company. The customers pay attention to what have you done for me. And what they were excited about at the Connect and Construct Event and all the discussions there is the feature velocity. All right. They're seeing us delivering on the integrations that we said we were going to deliver and there are watching us closely. Every quarter they're going to see, do we do we say we're going to do? Do we do we said we were going to do. So that's what the customers are excited about. They really loved the fact that we're integrating to a common data environment and we're building an ISO standard excepted common data environment. That's something that everybody gets us sums up on. They're really excited with the increased scalability and performance on BIM 360 design which was an area where they were kind of pushing on us a little bit. So those are the kind of things that customers are paying attention to. The branding makes it easier for us to tell the world what we are doing, so that you're going to see us basically amplify that, but the customers care about what we do not what we say.
