Carl Bass: Yes, Brent, I think there are 2 things that are competing with each other as we thought about guidance for next year: On one hand, on the secular stuff, we're certainly seeing improvements. We look out there, and you see good indications in manufacturing and certainly strong indications in construction. Data points out there, not huge trends, but certainly good data points. And I feel like we turned a quarter in Q4. On the other hand, there's no shortage of economic and political volatility. I just witnessed the news this morning, or the nonsense that's going to go on in Washington, leading up to Friday. So I think we still have a little bit of nervousness, particularly in Europe and the Americas, about how the political situation is going to impact the economic situation. And really, what we wanted to do was kind of drive down the middle of the road, trying to balance those 2 things.
Carl Bass: Okay. So let me see if I get -- let me work backwards. I mean, generally speaking, yes, we've seen a move from single products to Suites. Both the suite in a new license and the suite as in part of subscription carry higher ASPs. And that is performing according to plan. When we look forward and we -- when you look at the new year, absolutely, as we talked about, you're going to start feathering in some of the increased subscription prices that are in there. As a matter of fact, when you look at the growth in billings, a portion of that certainly has to do with subscription prices. And then to kind of summarize of that Jay, I'll let Mark try to answer your parsing the fine language in our disclosures. But generally speaking, Suites are doing exactly what we intended. We're giving better value to our customers, they're getting to use more of our software, and we're enjoying higher prices for them.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I mean, a couple of things about the named account. When you really look at how we distribute, it's a continuum. On one end of the spectrum, we have Autodesk employees working with the customer directly in Autodesk fulfilling that business. The broad middle of our business is business that is done through our network of partners, where our partners sell and our partners fulfill. In the middle, there's a handful of ones in which we cooperate closely with our partners to work with medium- to large-sized customers. What I said in the remarks were, one is, we saw a lot of activity in named accounts. By far, that's the biggest quarter ever in terms of that. And that's just a result of more coverage, just having more feet on the street selling directly to customers. But I was especially pleased that many of those very large deals were actually being done in coordination with our partners. I think what we do ourselves is we open up markets and small ecosystems, networks within companies, but it's really nice to see our partners taking place in that. On the second one about rentals, you have -- we've been building the back-office infrastructure to support rentals and shorter-term licensing models. It's one of the things we think is important if you look at our customer base in many industries. It's actually project-based rather than annual or multiyear. People ramp up for a period of time and then they want to ramp down. What we look to do is offer more flexibility to customers. 90 days is something we chose to go out there and pilot. What I'd say is, the results have been very promising. And we will limit ourselves to just those 2 products or to the 90 days. More details to follow as we roll it out during the middle of the year.
Carl Bass: We always have certain expenses in Q1. Seasonality is a little bit off this time, not much, but when we looked at it, there were just a bunch of expenses that we noted in Q1, there were onetime things or that are annual recurring onetime things. And when we looked at it, that's just the way the numbers played out. Actually, making any dramatic change, we didn't feel was the right judgment to make at this point. We would have had to go to kind of extraordinary measures to even it out more, and it didn't feel like it was worthwhile. And we have confidence about, as we have shown before, of delivering those margins in the subsequent 3 quarters.
Carl Bass: Only if you can tell me what you've seen. Yes, I mean, we don't know what the heck to make out of the sequester and how that's -- I mean, I think this is unknown territory for everybody. And we saw nothing extraordinary in Q4. Our federal business was not special. We didn't see a lot of people spending ahead of it. So it seemed kind of normal all the way up to today, it seems kind of normal. But I think we're all in unchartered territory. I think, though, is one of the things that gave us a little pause as we were giving guidance for not only the quarter but for the year is, what effect are these things really going to have. On one hand, you see the sequestration. On the other hand, you see all this movement about infrastructure build and the President being very committed to do that. And so I think they're kind of a wash, and we haven't done a lot of forecasting down to the segment level.
Carl Bass: Yes. So on the first more immediate concern, I think -- I mean, one of my things about is I think the take-up will just be slow. We've seen that historically. When we make more new offerings, it takes a while for them to gather steam. I don't think this will be any different. Second thing is, I think some fraction of this is actually coming from people who didn't actually pay for our software. There is certainly some legitimate use that's transforming into rental use, but a fair amount of that is, there are illegal ways of having rental models right now. And so I think in some ways -- we're actually tapping into that. People who really do want to pay for it but haven't availed themselves of that opportunity before. Just in general, you will see us -- similar to Adobe and others, when you look not only at our cloud-based offerings, but at our desktop offerings, offering more subscription-based things. We've been building that program for almost 10 years now. It's gotten to be a substantial part of our business. What we laid out last quarter was how we were going to take some of the desktop offerings and combine them with the cloud offerings. But I think over time, it's really fair to say that you'll see a lot more of our stuff coming from term-based [ph] offerings.
Carl Bass: Yes, Steve. I would say, we're seeing the same thing that you are. Certainly, some of the indicators are up. We're also anecdotally hearing that pipelines are growing. That hiring is starting. So I mean, we're seeing good signs, and I tried to refer to those earlier in my remarks that both in manufacturing and in commercial construction, particularly in the U.S., we're seeing good signs. I don't think we're out of the woods yet. The optimism I hear from our customers is just tempered somewhat by the stupidity I see by our politicians.
Carl Bass: Yes, yes, so I mean, we're continuing, we have new people in place, they're building out teams. Generally speaking, it takes a couple of quarters for people to get up and ramped up. So I'm happy with the changes we made, happy with the people we have in place. And I expect better performance out of the emerging countries this year.
Carl Bass: Yes, yes, we had talked about Central Europe. We had talked about China. China had a good quarter. So...
Carl Bass: It's a great question, Melissa. I think the truth is, I don't think we can precisely pinpoint what went on. You've identified a number of the factors. We saw stabilization and improvement from our own execution, both in our organization as well as some of the stuff we've done in emerging countries. We're starting to see improvement in -- some of the secular improvement in end-user markets. The promotion help was offset a little bit by the build in backlog. But we certainly saw willingness of customers when sufficiently motivated to buy more product. So we saw a lot of good signs. It's really difficult to know for certain the contribution from each of those, but those were all positive things we saw during the quarter.
Carl Bass: Yes, let me just say one thing and then Mark can jump in. We actually have talked about increasing the share buyback, and we talked in great detail a number of times about this. This quarter, our purchases were held down by the fact we were actually doing the debt offering, and so we couldn't be in the market for a long period of time. I expect that will rebound in the subsequent quarters. But there was a onetime thing of actually being in the market with an offering. Mark, you want to...
Carl Bass: Yes, a lot depends -- we're kind of 2 years away. We always talked about an exit rate coming out of FY '15. So we look out there and say, we're making good steady progress, particularly pleased with low revenue growth this year that we were able to have such good operating margin expansion. The probability of us exiting FY '15 at 30% goes down unless the macro environment improves. So if we had 2 more years of a lousy economy, I think it's doubtful. To the extent that it doesn't happen, we will still aim for it in FY '16. So it may be slowed down a little bit by the overall macro, but our commitment to expanding margins remains the same. Slightly difficult against the growth that we saw this year.
Carl Bass: No, I would say, Richard, it's closer to 1%. And given the number -- I mean, we -- so as we look at the year, there are a number of shifts going on in the business. Things that are coming out of the business. And on the plus side, I would say it's not even quite 1%. Most of the acquisitions we tend to do are these small tuck-ins. We're more positioning for the future. So when you look at it, for example, one of the acquisitions was the backbone for all of our social stuff. There were a couple of mobile acquisitions. There were a number in simulation that were really technologies. They'll get folded in. That's more typical of the way we do it. As you know, you've been following us, much more so in very few of the cases have we actually bought real revenue streams.
Carl Bass: It's really relatively small and in many cases, it's hard to parse even for us. For example, we make a Simulation 360 offering. It's a combination of stuff that we've acquired over -- acquired and built over a period of years. And truthfully, we don't spend huge amounts of time trying to dissect it because it's a fruitless exercise at some point. We try to look in aggregate at the benefit that we get from the investments in M&A.
Carl Bass: No. The only other thing I would do to try to understand this, Ross, is that this year, we're coming off about 2% OpEx growth. So rather than ramping into it, we're kind of fully loaded at the end of the year. And so when you look off that, many years, when you look at the model, we're coming off years in which we've ramped up over time. This one, we only grew operating expenses about 2%. So that lends a different dynamic to the model.
Carl Bass: No, it's not really changing substantially. Just because the other part has grown -- I mean, look, it's a little -- it's grown a little bit faster than the rest of the business. And we'll break it down for you further. But we're also working hard as we do that to make sure our partners are involved in many of the large deals. For us, the most important thing is cracking into the very large accounts, where we've always believed our technology was applicable, but we didn't have a way to go to market. That's the most important part of this for us. It's not breaking it down between direct and indirect. It's really just access to customers who we believe are best served by our products and that historically have underutilized our technology. That's the real thing we're trying to accomplish. But we will continue to give you updates on the breakdown between direct and indirect.
Carl Bass: Okay. So to your first point, I have 2 teenage sons, and I expect them to act like knuckleheads. I don't expect members of Congress to act like knuckleheads, but they're acting more like my teenage boys than they should. On your second question, Kash, we've looked at Adobe a lot. I'd say, let's just step back a second and kind of see the difference. I think in many ways, us and Adobe are trying to get to the exact same point. There's the short side of the -- so if we're at a rectangle and we're trying to get to the diagonal corner, there's the short side and the long side, and one of us took the short and then the long and vice versa. I think they've done a remarkable job on getting their offerings ready with the Creative Cloud and done a nice job of moving their business model there. We've taken a little bit of the long leg and changed our offerings to be cloud-based. I assume in the end, we will both have term-based business models with cloud-based and mobile-based offerings. I think that's the inevitable end game for all of us. So we've done what I consider to be a really good job in getting our cloud-based offerings out there. They're very successful in the market. What I expect us to do this year is do stuff similar to Adobe in terms of the business model. And you'll see a lot more of that during the year. As we gauge the success in our customer base, which is similar, but certainly not identical to the Adobe customer base. We're in larger companies and larger deployments. We'll see what the take-up is there and we'll react to it. I have not ruled out accelerating that if it made sense. And as Mark previously said, we'll give you guys plenty of warning if we're going to kind of step on the gas around that. We -- like we've done repeatedly, we generally go out and test these things. If you remember, like what we did with Suites, a couple of years ago, we started with a couple of very limited tests. They were limited by product, limited geographically. We're doing the same thing this time, limited terms, limited things. To the extent they're successful, we'll roll them out, and if it makes sense, we'll go full speed ahead.
Carl Bass: Yes. So let me just break it down both ways. On verticals, we're definitely seeing manufacturing. Manufacturing has rumbled through this recovery. It's been relatively strong all along. Manufacturing continues to do well. We see some variation on a global basis, but not a huge amount of it. Clearly, the construction market went down the most. It was the most volatile. We see improving -- we see signs of improvement around the world in the construction market. Some of it's driven, I think, by improving macroeconomics. Some of it is, as we've diversified our offerings into more parts, we talked about BIM for infrastructure. We talked about more sales into construction rather than just architecture and engineering. That's a secular factor that's adding into this. When you look at it and break it down a little bit geographically, what we continue to see are: Asia was really strong, even if somewhat uneven. It was strong with particular and unexpected strength in places like Japan. When we look at Europe, from north to south, I think this is not different than anyone's seen. Good strength in the north, average performance in Central Europe and it's weak in Europe. And we're not forecasting any difference there. We talked about uneven performance in our emerging economies. And we're looking for improvement in some of the places where we've made changes to effect that, but we're constantly aware that those are -- have greater variance just naturally. And we think the U.S. as everyone has seen, is recovering but slowly. So hopefully, that cross-section helps.
Carl Bass: Those are good questions. I mean, what we reported is 30% of our revenue is coming from Suites. So if you just took -- if you took your question at face value of what -- who's on it and what are they paying for, the answer is 30%. I think that probably overstates the number that have moved because there are people, as always have been, who are a couple of releases behind. We've made it very attractive, so when they do move, they will move to Suites more likely than to individual products, although they have their -- certainly, they have their choice. So I think the 30% probably overstates the movement there. When you get to BIM, really, much harder to tell because in some ways, BIM is both a set of products, but it's also a methodology that these companies use. We certainly have crossed the tipping point in terms of -- I would say on a worldwide basis, there is no reluctance, no resistance to BIM being the new technology for how to drive more efficiency in the building process. It's -- like we've said a couple of times, the concept of BIM has really been extended to more parts of the construction process, including construction itself. So those are all good signs. So I say, while I would have felt we were kind of reaching the majority in architecture and engineering, as the market opens up to construction, we're probably falling back in our penetration because the market has opened up. There are many more opportunities for us to bring BIM into the much bigger part of the market, which is the construction part.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, we're really assuming kind of business slightly improving to the extent that Brazil, India, Russia outperformed. That would be upside to what we're forecasting right now. We tend not to want to get too far in front of ourselves and assuming that changes we made will pay off until we've actually seen them. We're certainly confident in making those decisions, but we don't go so far as to forecast improvements that we haven't seen evidence of yet.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I would say, we're certainly feeling like we've seen improvement. If the worst of it was in Q2, we saw steady improvement. As we look at the planning and forecasting for next year, that's getting sales quotas and compensation in place for our sales force, we're in a much stronger place than we've ever been. We've also worked really closely with our resellers to modify some of the things that upset them and -- or better explain the things that may have upset them, but we still think were the right things. So we've worked closely with them to make sure that we're better aligned. So I feel better -- I feel much better about our relationship with our resellers heading in. And I have substantial evidence on the inside that things are much better in place than they were last year. There are a lot of moving pieces at this time last year. And this year, I feel like it's much more nailed down.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I would say 2 things about that: The first one is, I mean, in the limit, we can get pretty close to subscriptions being the vast majority of our business. And I'm using the word subscriptions here really in 2 senses: Subscription as we know it today, plus the subscription for term-based offerings. So if you think forward or us we talked about with what Adobe is doing in calling subscription, if you think of that, the majority of our business could -- the vast majority will come from subscriptions. I think that's the nature of where the business is going. What we've tempered it with hopefully all afternoon is saying, we don't expect this to happen too suddenly. To the extent that our customers respond well to this, we may try to accelerate that transition. But we see that as the direction we're headed is in terms of long term subscription relationship, so a long-term relationship with our customers that has all of those characteristics.
Carl Bass: Yes, I continue to believe that there are 2 transitions going on: One is the way that people pay for it, and the second is the way the software is delivered. In both of those, I continue to believe that the channel plays an important and vital role going forward. I know there's a lot been written and speculated about this. But if you look out there, in companies that have subscription-based, cloud-based business models, what I see increasingly is greater reliance on a third-party channel. Even ones who started out all direct are recognizing that the benefits of the channel in terms of reach and service are the same, whether you deliver the software by a box or by the Internet. It really makes very little difference. And so I can -- and our resellers get paid on subscription as they do on new licenses. So I continue imagining a world in which resellers play an important role. The only thing that -- like we've said, we're going to continue investing in our direct accounts as long as it continues to make sense and opens up new business for both us and our partners.
Carl Bass: Yes. So we've gotten remarkable progress. Remember, we launched this on February 29. So we're not even 1 year into this. And what we've seen is a fantastic reception by customers. As I've said before, quite publicly, I think some of it is the result of a really quality product offering from us. Some of it is a result of some really terrible product offerings by the legacy providers. Behind the firewall, old iron, multi-tens of millions implementations really are dinosaurs and people are recognizing that. When we've looked, what we've seen is -- a couple -- less particular industries and more some characteristics. And the 2 characteristics I see most commonly, people who are in fast-moving industries, where there's a premium on getting product to market and where we've been brought in is to accelerate processes that they see as impediments to getting high quality product to market more quickly. That seems to be the defining characteristic. We've seen a good cross-section from small to large, although I'd say in small companies, we tend to be used as the only PLM system in which they look and they say, "We always wanted PLM, but we couldn't afford it. We know we needed it and we're brought in there." In large companies, it's more often to fill in the gaps into places where companies have chosen or cannot afford to take their old monolithic system or the process is so dynamic and they want to get moving quickly on it. So in those cases, we're more a supplement. The replacements of existing PLM systems have mostly happened in the small to medium ones. So a lot of places, we're sitting alongside existing PLM systems. In other ones, we're clearly seat for seat replacing them. We'll give you more as we update this. We said we have about 10,000 seats out there. But many of these are pilots. They've already expanded once or twice, but they are nowhere near what I think the eventual size of the implementations will be. Hopefully, that gives you some more color on it.
Carl Bass: Yes, we will be adding bodies this year. I would say in a targeted way. And the 2 places where we're really interesting, there are specific countries where we feel like the model has proven itself quite well, and it's proved itself not to be cannibalistic relative to our other business. So there were certain countries in the world where we're definitely light in terms of the new number of direct salespeople. And there are a number of places, particularly in selling into construction, the PLM business, we just talked about the simulation business where I think we need more direct sales there, too. So those are the kind of places. I don't think we'll try to upset the applecart in terms of the other places, where our business is doing well and rebounding, and I don't want to interject more disruption there. But in a number of those very specific places, I think it could really help. And we could see a substantial increase in the number of feet on the street.
Carl Bass: Yes. So it's very hard to tell from Revit deployments per se because Revit is a desktop piece of software. So we don't always know what it's used for. From some of our other offerings, like our BIM 360 offering, the online project collaboration, we know a little bit more and certainly from our large customers, we know more about what the usage of it is. I think with -- during the downturn, there was a fair amount of refurbishment and renovation. What's going to happen in the next couple of years is mandates around sustainable building. We've seen stuff starting with the GSA in the United States. On a worldwide basis, governments are adopting new standards that we think are really important. So first, it was just the adoption of BIM as a better technology for governments to get more for their money. Secondly, we're starting to see specific mandates around building performance. I think both of those things will drive it. Some of them are a little bit far out when they first initiated or legislated. They gave people like time to 2016 or 2020. But those aren't so far out anymore. And I think we'll see a pretty good business. We've done a number of things in our product development process to accommodate doing much more for refurbishment and renovation. And we've done a fair amount in terms of building performance in energy analysis for our building professionals. So I think it'll be a good thing. I'm not sure it'll will be dramatically different this year than next year. But if you look over a few number of years, I think it will.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. So Brent, let me talk a little bit about the supplemental upgrade pricing -- simplified upgrade pricing #2. It did have an effect of accelerating revenue into Q4. We talked about it being roughly $24 million out of the first half of FY '14. And so that is an effect that happens, and we planned on that. And it performed pretty much as we planned, a little bit better than we planned, but basically as we anticipated. The thing to keep in mind on that, Brent, is also don't forget our backlog went up $18 million sequentially as well. So when you think about revenue, that's something to kind of consider.
Mark Hawkins: My view on this one, a couple of things here, Sterling: One is the pricing discussion that we had just earlier with Heather, I think she absolutely nailed it. I think the $24 million, you kind of take that out of the first half. It was accelerated into Q4. We understand that. The good news in Q4 is we build backlog to a degree. I think when you look at the rental, it's not going to have a material impact on our business model for the year. It actually serves a new market opportunity for us. And we'll continue to do that exactly as Carl described and keep reporting out on that. So I think the other thing to keep in mind, the third point, is as you know, the second half of the year is a easier compare for us, compared to Q1 last year was 11% growth year-on-year. The second half is a much easier compare and we'll also have a dynamic. I guess the last point that I would say is, we're pleased with the momentum that we've been gathering within our go-to-market team. And we think we'll be able to harvest even more of the business by the time we get to the second half. So those are the thoughts there, Sterling.
Mark Hawkins: I think Carl's point was -- is really helpful to you, Sterling. It took 9 to 10 years to get it to the point where we're at right now. We all saw -- seen 2D to 3D transition and such. The end-user market picks up a little bit slower, but I think it adds a lot of credence to Carl's point.
Mark Hawkins: That's exactly what I would have added, exactly. Well, you can just expect us to continue to over the long term take shares out as communicated.
Mark Hawkins: Not really. I mean, I would say -- I mean -- for the most part, our seasonality is not that terribly different. There's a little bit of a degree, some of the things that Carl touched on, just a few things here and there, but nothing dramatically different.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I think that -- and Vic [ph] may take a shot and Carl might add in here. I think, Ross, from that standpoint, to the extent that things become material other than, for example, there were experiments and pilots and initial very controlled activities going on, when they become material, you'll certainly hear from us well in advance from that standpoint. I think Carl had called out with all the experience that a lot of the offerings that we have take time to build momentum, not because we don't want to sell them, it's because the way the end market actually works, and the way people apply the technology. So that certainly would be something on our mind to be in front of that communication whenever something is material.
Mark Hawkins: I think you described it well, Kash. I think it's up $18 million quarter-on-quarter, slightly down year-over-year, $20 million versus $27 million. I think, keep in mind, I think as we modernized our fulfillment and stuff, we expected our backlog would probably operating in a slightly lower zone. One of the dynamics that happened with the major big deals that came in is they came in late, they came in big. And I think that caused our backlog to be bigger than we would have really envisioned it in the current period. And so you should expect that to go down over time, much like we've signaled before. So we're pleased to see it. It was a nice outcome. It was an outcome of a really strong response in our direct business, as Carl talked about, including collaboration with our indirect helping us there and the promos. But you should expect that to be down to more normal levels in kind of the new environment going forward.
Mark Hawkins: Well, I think a couple of things here from that standpoint, Brendan. The $24 million of revenue that was accelerated in certainly had a favorable effect. Keep in mind, we sequentially build our backlog by $18 million. So most of that went into backlog, if you think about it from that standpoint in terms of a net effect. I think the other thing that we did is, if you look at our total billings growth was 9%. And so that was a good thing. And you can see that as you look at our deferred revenue hit a record $835 million, up 16% year-on-year. One of the effects of that is that we paid for some commissions for some of the stuff that came and that was billed, but that didn't show up in revenue yet. So I think those were some of the effects that impacted it.
Mark Hawkins: Most of that was in guidance, Matt. It was the vast majority of it. It was a little bit of the upside delighted us. It came in a little bit stronger, but the vast preponderance of that was within guidance. It's just nice to see the execution and people responding to the value.
