Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. I hope you and your families remain safe and healthy. While parts of the world emerge from the pandemic, others are entering the eye of the storm. I especially want to acknowledge our colleagues, family and friends in India. We are thinking about you and we are helping wherever we can. Thank you to all our employees and their families, our partners, and customers for their continued resilience, patience, and commitment. Our first quarter marks an important inflection point. While solid execution, a resilient subscription business model, and continued secular shift to the cloud underpinned our strong first quarter results, waning uncertainty and growing confidence in our end markets generated momentum. Robust growth in new product subscriptions, combined with improving usage and renewal rates, accelerated billings and RPO growth to 10% and 22%, respectively. Together, these reinforce our confidence that we are through the revenue growth trough and on track to achieve our fiscal 2022 and 2023 goals. In mid-May, we completed the acquisition of Upchain, a cloud-native product-data and lifecycle management solution. Combined with existing Autodesk offerings like Fusion 360, Upchain will profoundly simplify data-sharing and collaboration for engineers, manufacturers, suppliers, and other product stakeholders, enabling customers to bring products to market faster and build a stronger supply chain. Its next-generation platform enables it to be rapidly deployed, scaled, maintained and updated without the expensive, inflexible and time-consuming integrations of legacy systems. We will grow Upchain through our enterprise and channel partnerships, and expect it to become a meaningful on-ramp for legacy design tools to the Fusion 360 cloud ecosystem and facilitate further expansion in adjacent verticals. As we highlighted in our recently published Impact Report, the convergence of design and make brings both greater efficiency and sustainability to buildings, and a broad range of manufactured goods, stretching from EVs and bicycles to high-performance skis and low-cost ventilators. While we are enabling customers to achieve their sustainability targets, we continue to lead by example, reaching our carbon-neutral goal across our business and value chain in fiscal 2021. The report also sets out new diversity, equity and inclusion goals. And while I am proud that 50% of Autodesk’s Board, and 45% of our Executive Team, are women, we can and will, do more both internally and through partnerships with organizations like JFFLabs externally. As we recently announced, Pascal Di Fronzo, Autodesk’s Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer, will be retiring in December after 23 very successful years at the company. He has been a trusted counselor and steward of the company. His contributions to Autodesk are many and have been incredibly impactful, and I want to thank him for his dedication and wish him all the best in retirement. I am very excited to welcome Debbie back to Autodesk and will now turn the call over to her to take you through the details of our quarterly results and guidance for the year. I will then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, Jay. So let me start with the infrastructure discussion. So here's what's fundamentally staying with the business. One, we've been winning more and more department of transportation as we've progressed since the last time the infrastructure business was broken out. And what we did is we focused our organic portfolio very much on road and rail work, bridges, roads and rails, and created a lot of workflows between Civil 3D and InfraWorks and some of our specific tools. And we've been very happy with the progress we've been making there and we continue that organic investment targeting those pieces of infrastructure. We don't feel it needs to be broken out into a separate business because I think you might recall, since those days, we've moved our entire sales organization to account-based sales. So it's very easy to cover these types of customers with the kinds of support that we need to engage with them directly. Look, buttress next, as you can see with what we've been doing with Tandem and the digital twin work, and also with what we've required with Innovyze with their Info360 solution and some of the tools around there with digital twins for water waste management and water management, we are definitely moving closer to things that are directly relevant to owner operators, and you would expect to see us do more of that as time progresses, okay. So that kind of gives you a sense for what we are looking at and how we've gotten here. With regards to AU initiatives, I don't want to kind of preempt next day use announcements. But what I'll tell you is we continue to add additional capabilities to Forge into the APIs. And I think in this coming AU, you're going to hear me talk a lot more about some of the common experiences we are creating across some of our new environments that we are building for our various customers. So I want to hold onto some of that news as we move forward to the next AU. But the hint is there's some common data experiences. There's some common ways of managing and accessing projects that we are developing and deploying. All things that are relevant to making the platform more powerful for bringing together the various products that our customers use.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It's hard for me to break it in – break it down into increased engineering hiring versus kind of pent-up demand. So I can't really give you a fine grain view on that. What I can tell you is that usage of some of our more engineering intensive products is going up pretty significantly, okay. And we talked a lot about usage every year with regards to how the monthly active usage and the daily active usage going in various countries. What we've seen is the majority of our countries are now at or above pre-COVID levels. The UK is now above pre-COVID levels. The U.S. still struggling a little bit to get above pre-COVID levels, but showing a lot of robust impact. You also noticed – I think you probably watch the indexes out there, the PMI and the ABI indexes in particular. We have always found those indexes to be lagging indicators of our business. So they actually tell us that something has already happened with the purchasing behavior of our customers. And what you've seen is those indices continuing to shift towards growth, which hints at Saket that it's the book of work that's going up. All right, which means people are going to hire more engineers, they're going to hire more people and they're going to engage – they're going to be using our products more. So it's probably driven mostly by hiring related to the book of business of our customers is going up. The indices seem to indicate that as a lagging indicator of what we've seen in terms of purchasing behavior and usage, but that's kind of as much granularity as I can give you on that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Excellent question, Adam. So as you know, Upchain is PLM and PDM, Product Data Management and Product Lifecycle Management in the cloud. So it's a fully cloud native application. It's got both Product Data Management and PLM. It understands both files and cloud information models like what power fusion, for example. Our vision for how this is going to work, if Fusion already has a stack built on its cloud information model, that goes all the way through simple data management up through into Product Lifecycle Management. Upchain will likely replace that capability within Fusion over time. But more importantly, what Upchain does is it supports a whole swath of legacy applications from our competitors and from other places. So what we're going to do is we're going to go into counts with legacy applications or where we see overlap with other applications and combined a Fusion stack and the Upchain stack to handle the whole swath of data our customers use. Now ultimately as well what we're going to do is we're going to integrate Upchain with Vault, so that Vault can now have a extension to the cloud. We're not going to force our Vault users to move from on-prem to the cloud. Vault is a very popular application, we sell a lot of it every quarter, and we're going to continue to update and maintain it. You might've noticed that we just released mobile and extension to it in some web extent – additional web extensions capability for Vault. So we continue to drive Vault, but we are going to integrate Vault and Upchain over time, which will give our Vault customers a path to putting all their data in the cloud as they see fit to do it. But we're not going to force that migration. So look for it to replace the guts of Fusion lifecycle over time and integrate with Fusion cloud information model and look for it to integrate with Vault over time and provide a path for Vault customers to the cloud. And then ultimately look for us to be going after legacy systems with a combination of our Fusion offering and Upchain capability to bring all the customer's data and all the applications the customer use together in one robust cloud environment.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. We have really high expectations for how that business progresses as the year progresses and we're getting – we're definitely getting some good indications. One of the things we watch are the bid, the activity on Bid Board through our BuildingConnected service. That activity has been going up in Q1. It's been progressively going up each month, which is great. So we see a lot of activity heading into there. Just like a lot of our businesses, we expect some of the new business to be backend loaded, but we're super happy with where we are right now. We had a good launch of Autodesk Build, it's getting good take-up and monthly active usage from some of our customers, new customers are embracing it. Our international expansion efforts that we put on hold last year because of the pandemic are now moving into full gear this year. Later this year, we rollout Autodesk Build to the channel and that's going to accelerate Build’s business. And one of the things I just want to highlight is why we're winning, okay, and why we continue to win business and why we're so incredibly confident about the future. Here's what customers tell us, right. The end-to-end solution that we offer all the way from planning, early planning through design, through pre-construction, through pre-construction planning to site execution all the way to digital handoff to actual maintenance and operations of the asset. Nobody has this, especially to the depth that we have in each one of those disciplines. The other thing that people are really excited about is the deep integration with BIM and in fact that it's a BIM-native platform. It speaks BIM from the get-go, it will always speak BIM, and it's really good at it. This is driving more and more displacement in competitive solutions and accounts where we overlap. And one of the other big things that we hear from customers is our business model flexibility, all right. Customers love that they can buy from us, where they need to buy from us and how they need to buy from us, all right. If you need a project-based license, we've got it. If you need a consumption-based model, we got it. If you need a per-user model, we got it. We adapt and flex our business model to whatever the particular customer's needs are or their ecosystems needs are. And we can do it anywhere in the world. So if we're dealing with an international customer, they know that when they standardize on us, they can get everywhere with the solution we do. So that's why we're winning. That's why we're bullish as we move into the next year and why we're excited about the construction market becoming hot and active again. The digitalization of this market a multi-year trend, there's lots of opportunity for lots of people, and we're seeing lots of validation in the direction we're heading. And I think it's going to be an exciting year for digital construction.
Andrew Anagnost: Well, there's a lot of things. One, there's the increased interest in the cloud, all right. There's the simple network effect of people saying, you know what, I displaced my Mastercam solid works with Fusion and you should try that too. It's awesome. So we're getting that network effect of people basically encouraging each other to move forward and get off the legacy systems and move to the cloud with Fusion. So we're seeing some of that. We're also seeing, and this is super important. We're seeing increased purchases within accounts we penetrated previously, which means we're moving from kind of being a niche solution inside these companies or maybe a partially piloted solution to production. And that's also an important driver. And we expect these trends to continue this year and continue moving forward. And one of the really exciting things about this as we talk about growth beyond FY2023 and into FY2024 and FY2025 beyond, the early success we're seeing in Fusion right now is going to be a growth engine that continues to accelerate over the next five years. Especially as we start introducing our new design, our extensions, we already have one for advanced manufacturing. We have various other extensions. There's going to be new extensions in the second half of the year. Those extensions continue to be out there. We're particularly excited that we sold more Fusion than other applications in Q1 without any type of promotional activity. All of this points towards increasing customer demand for what we're doing.
Andrew Anagnost: I'm sorry, could you – you want to have a little bit for me on the last part of that, the part of the question what's the key point the question here, sorry.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So as I've said, many times license compliance is one of these areas that we're just going to build a steady drum beat on, all right. It's going to be the gift that keeps giving for years and years to come. We do not want to accelerate it unnaturally because we want to bring our customers along with us. We want to keep them happy, help them get compliant. You notice the story that I offered up in Indonesia about that, customer actually buying premium subscription as well as becoming compliant and being happy about how they were able to deploy it. That's the kind of outcomes we want from this solution. So we did see some acceleration. You saw the growth numbers in the opening commentary around non-compliant billings in Q1. But that was off of a Q1 that was previously off. So we had a really strong compare. Don't expect any hockey sticks though the Q1 of this year was better than the Q1 of fiscal 2020. So you're seeing continued growth, which is what we want to see is nice, steady growth in this business. But don't look for any hockey sticks this year. We're back to the path we were on previously.
Andrew Anagnost: Matt, that's a very astute observation, all right. It's too early to say the cost of – the increases in cost of material is driving increased focus on digitization. But it is one of those things that we have constantly highlighted as one of the reasons why the value chain for construction needs to digitize because when material prices have gone up the way they have, you can't afford to over purchase in waste materials. So I can't tell you precisely if this is one of the pipeline drivers. But I can tell you that we're mentioning it to customers, and we're having with customers about, hey, conversations with customers. You want to keep your material costs down, digitize, right. Plan for less waste, only order what you need. So it's definitely entering into the conversation. I think it's too early to say if it's driving acceleration in the pipeline. But I think it's likely that it is.
Andrew Anagnost: Matt, I'll just reinforce some of the things that Debbie said because I don't think we can talk about this enough because – did you notice the list of things she gave there, right. There's a whole set of horizontal things just around the normal business, the non-compliance, the new types of subscription models, the rollouts of consumption, the accelerating growth in our end markets. All of that combined also with the strategic levers around digitization in AEC around the convergence of design and make of what we're seeing with Fusion, and then the whole move into new adjacencies that we're doing. Any one of those things could contribute to viable long-term growth. We have all of those levers to pull. All right, I just want to remind we have all those levers to pull. And in August, we're really good at picking and choosing the levers to pull when we need to pull them.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So nobody is moving from Inventor to Fusion right now, okay. It's just not happening, all right. It's actually – most of the businesses about going after incremental seats inside of competitive accounts, especially down market. The one great thing about our strategy is most of the Inventor is bought through collections, which includes Fusion. So if an Inventor user does start to move to Fusion over time, they continue on the same subscription path we'll do. And what we'll do with our collections is some of the extensions that would be available to a vanilla Fusion user that they have to pay for would be included with the collections version. So essentially what you see is a kind of an AFP neutral conversion from Inventor to Fusion, but that's going to take a long time. Most of the Inventor customers are going to stay comfortably where they are. But when they do move, it's essentially AFP neutral in terms of impact on our ARR. It doesn't change the ARR trajectory not materially.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So right now, Jason, we're going to stay focused on road and rail and bridges and the things that go along with road and rail and water, that's going to be our focus area. There's a lot of exciting things happening with elastic grid designs and the electrification and things associated with that. We're not going to be focusing on that right now. We may in the future, but right now, if you look at – even if you look at where the infrastructure bill is going for instance. Most of it is going to the upgrading and expanding the deteriorating infrastructure we have in the company around road, rail, bridges, civil and water infrastructure. And that's going to be our sweet spot for awhile – wins in that respect.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. A lot of the TAM is greenfield. Really sometimes what you're competing with here is some kind of free tool and excel spreadsheets or a lack of any digital process whatsoever beyond emailing PDFs, right. So there's a lot of greenfield opportunity here in addition to kind of just flipping existing customers off of legacy systems or consolidating their systems. So there is a very robust long tail of growth here that's going to go on for years. That's why it's so exciting to see all the activity in this space because it's going to take a village to deal with digitize this entire market, and we're at the very, very early stages of this, which is great.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Excellent question, Gal. As you know, Gal, Autodesk Build and the Construction Cloud in general is the unification of all those brands and it's where we leave with new customers. Absolutely, when we're going out there chasing new businesses, Autodesk Build, it's all the capabilities that are built into Autodesk Build, it’s Autodesk Takeoff, it’s all of those tools associated with the Construction Cloud and that's where we lead. But we're also seeing people migrate off of the individual brands and move forward, all right. So we're seeing the same kind of thing happening incrementally. But that's not – we're going to let those people move at their own pace, right. So when they're choosing to move on to the consolidated cloud, they're doing that by choice. And as part of a process over time, we will ultimately migrate all of them to Construction Cloud and Autodesk Build. But right now, we're leading it with our new customers of Autodesk Build and helping customers consolidate on the Autodesk Build when they want to bring some of those old brands along with them. But all the best technology from all those brands is in the Construction Cloud now.
Debbie Clifford: The short answer is yes, we've returned to growth after a period of several quarters that were impacted by COVID. And so we're pleased with the growth that we saw in Q1 and that's evidenced in the revenue results.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Saket. I start by saying, so Q1 is our seasonally smallest quarter and our guidance assumes that we'll see improving results as the year progresses, which is consistent with what we're seeing. We're seeing uncertainty lessening, growing confidence from our customers and our channel and improving demand on our end markets, which is resulting in an accelerating growth in new business. We're also seeing increasing renewal rates, strong direct business, particularly through the e-store. Our total direct revenue grew 25% year-over-year in Q1, and now represents 33% of total revenue. We're also pleased that we're starting to see momentum and key indicators like RPO, which grew 22% year-over-year in Q1. And it's because of these factors that we're confident in the ramp during fiscal 2022. Now if I shift attention to fiscal 2023, and even beyond that, let me just break that down a little bit. I mentioned on the call that since I rejoined Autodesk, I've been focused on two primary things. The first is reacquainting myself with everything Autodesk, the team, the strategy, what's happened while I was away for a couple of years. And the second is digging deep to get a solid understanding of the fiscal 2022 budgets and our fiscal 2023 financial goals. It’s because of that work that I see significant opportunities for growth, including growing TAM from things like accelerating digitization in AEC, the convergence of design and make in manufacturing and expansion into adjacent verticals, like you saw us do recently with the acquisition of Innovyze that got us into water infrastructure. We're also focused on further monetizing our TAM in a variety of ways. Some examples include conversion of non-compliant users. Andrew mentioned that billings from non-compliant users almost doubled year-over-year in Q1, and we're seeing more direct selling as I just mentioned. And that direct selling gets us greater price realization. That is another growth driver for us. This is all against a macroeconomic backdrop that we see improving. And it's because of all of this that we're confident in our fiscal 2023 revenue growth potential and the free cash flow target of $2.4 billion in that period. Now I've been back for 90 days, less than 90 days actually, so next step for me is more work on the long range financial plan and getting a deeper understanding of our past in fiscal 2024 and beyond. Our goal is to drive double-digit growth using some kind of Rule of 40 type framework over time.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, sure. Matt, good to talk to you too. In large part, it's a lot of the things that I mentioned before. I think it's the combination of a growing TAM as well as further monetization of our TAM. And so that continued digitization in AEC with more innovation in Revit with expanding BIM mandates and ongoing BIM proliferation around the world with the digitization of construction that Andrew just talked about. Even the infrastructure bill could be a wildcard for us. We're hopeful, although nothing is baked into our numbers at this point. But these are all the multiple growth drivers that give me confidence in the ramp. I think some of the other data points that we have out there, I'll repeat because these are the things frankly that I've been looking at to get my own sense of confidence into that ramp into fiscal 2023. The conversion of non-compliant users, the fact that those billings doubled in Q1, and we're seeing more success with that program, the fact that we are selling more direct, that's a driver of growth for us, and ultimately will translate to free cash flow over time. The improving macro economic backdrop, all of these factors combined are what gives me confidence in our ability to achieve our revenue growth potential in fiscal 2023, as well as that free cash flow number of $2.4 billion.
Debbie Clifford: Sure, Sterling. The impact on the acquisitions was a one point increase to our revenue guidance range on the year, a one point decrease to our operating margin range on the year, and it was neutral to free cash flow. That's consistent with what we said on the last call.
Debbie Clifford: I mean, we issued the guidance today that we feel comfortable with. And I would say that we certainly have a strong sense of optimism based on the results that we had in Q1, but it's just too early for us to change the underlying view on a year after only one quarter, but we're off to a good start.
