Amar Hanspal: Yes, so on the maintenance question, maintenance was better than expected really. I think kind of -- we had a small pool of renewals, and I think most of our customers who renewed were really trying to line up with the maintenance-to-subscription transition, and we didn't see any unnatural pull-forward into the quarter. And it was better than expected, and we expect to continue to do well with the renewal rates because we are paying a lot of attention to it. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Saket, great question, thanks. We definitely are feeling very positive about how we are positioned in this industry and how we are driving change. Our investment, our strategy of using the cloud to drive a new paradigm in both the billing industry as well as the manufacturing industry is really paying off. In manufacturing in particular, with Fusion and the changes we are driving in getting industrial additive manufacturing and concepts like generative design, the customers are really paying a lot of attention in adopting those ideas from us in a big way and, in many cases, at the expense of our competition. In fact, many of our Fusion 360 wins this quarter, in fact, in an increasing rate, are coming at the expense of our competition. They're leaving their sort of old, 20-year-old CAD systems and starting to adopt the paradigm we are putting forward with Fusion, which connects CAD to CAM to CAE with data management built in. So in manufacturing, we really feel like the customer base is searching for the next paradigm, and they're starting to really turn to Fusion and adopt it in response to that. Likewise, in the building industry, the big sort of competitive push and success that we're seeing is really in construction, where I would say actually a major competitor has been paper in some ways; that they are moving from an analog to a digital way of working. And we've been leading the way in using cloud and mobile to drive a construction management and BIM management process for this customer. So we're definitely feeling both those vectors of manufacturing and construction growing at a really fast pace, and we feel very good about where we are positioned in both industries. 
Amar Hanspal: Right. And what I'd add to what Scott just said, it's one of the -- we are seeing subscription working everywhere around the world. One of the geographies which really did well for us sequentially is APAC. And APAC has always been a strong contributor to the AutoCAD and LT result, and that's sort of reflected in the numbers you're seeing. The other thing I would say, you made a comment about AEC and Manufacturing, I'll just take this opportunity to say, in Manufacturing, one other thing that is going on is that our Delcam business moved from a perpetual license business to a subscription business over these quarters, and that's sort of reflected in those numbers. So I would say the Manufacturing numbers, the downward trend of that is exaggerated because of that shift of revenue from upfront to ratable, but I think we're performing strongly across all industries and feel very good about where we are. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Keith. Look, renewal rates were strong across-the-board. I mean, the product subscription rates were right in line with our expectations. In terms of comparing maintenance to product subscriptions, I mean one thing to keep in mind is one of the benefits of the product subscription is customers can switch things on and off, and some are monthly and some are quarterly product subscribers. So we don't really break the renewal rates out by subscription type, but we are pleased with where product subscriptions ended up, and this continues to be a big focus area for us for the remainder of the year. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, I agree. And Keith, I'll just add that, over time, you'll see us continuing to optimize our incentive structure to drive the kind of results and outcomes that we want. Subscription is obviously the big focus for us right now, driving Collections is a big focus for us right now and certainly making sure that our renewal rates are right where we want it to be in. I think we are using our classic combination of front- and back-end discounts to get those results. To Jay's earlier comment with the distribution channel, that's another place where we've been sort of just optimizing our relationships and our incentive structure to get the right results, again, to drive this overall recurring revenue and subscription business that we're getting the channel oriented around. 
Amar Hanspal: I was just going to say I mean I think we saw a strength across all products, including the verticals as well as -- the vertical products and 3D vertical products. So there wasn't a single standout product that was driving subs, we saw strength across the board. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Gregg, one of the things that we are pleased with is that we didn't have to discount aggressively to get the kind of subs result that we saw. And as Andrew mentioned, I mean, I think, in some ways, the net adds number is becoming a better indicator of how well we are converting our overall opportunity than any individual promotion to reach this legacy base because, as Andrew said, at some level there's a network effect being built as our new products roll out and customers want to be current, and many of them self-select into the buying a new subscription to be current. So I think overall, we're seeing the promo work, we're seeing new net subs go up because of the new product subs rising. So I think we're doing well with that opportunity. 
Amar Hanspal: And what I'd add to that, this is a play our partners know how to do. And this is a -- it's not just an incentive for the customers; our partners really take advantage of this one-time opportunity to move their customers to a higher recurring revenue base. And I think they're really focused on that opportunity right now. 
Amar Hanspal: I mean I think one thing you'll notice in talking to our partners, when we first announced this program and got a bunch of reaction and then as our customers started talking to our partners, I mean a lot of that concern has started to die down because of all the things that Andrew said; is that our customers are starting to understand better the value proposition of subscription and the kind of pricing model that we're putting in. So I think that there was a little bit of a kerfuffle when we made the announcement but that is really starting to mute, and customers are much more comfortable with the path that we have put forward. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes. So Ken, what I'd add is, look, our outlook for the year on spend remains unchanged because we've instituted operational rigor and discipline and continue to make very hard choices in investing in the right areas to drive the transition and divesting sort of noncore projects and noncore activities and just keep a tight focus on managing spend. So our outlook for the year is unchanged, and I think we're making all the right decisions in terms of ensuring that the transition remains on track. And some of the things that we've decided to divest, we had a bunch of consumer products, for example, last year, that are not material to the transition. We make choices like that to divest, and that's given us some of the fuel we need to keep driving the transition forward. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Monika, I'd just also take this opportunity to say we've always been the volume leader in the industries that we serve, and we continue to do that. We continue to drive, as Andrew said, share shift now increasingly in manufacturing from traditional CAD CAM systems over to new cloud-based disruptive systems like Fusion. And with the adoption of BIM, the adoption of construction solutions, they all expand our opportunity. And so in combination with the license compliance, the legacy opportunity and just the organic volume we see through job growth in the industries, I think we feel -- we remain confident in our goals that we set ourselves. 
Amar Hanspal: Well, the one -- so I'd say we don't give it at that level of granularity. The one number we have shared is the number of EBA subscriptions in this quarter was 44,000. And that's really -- we sold a bunch of EBAs in Q4, we watch how they get used and adopted or how many users in those accounts adopt our EBA solutions. And then -- so then 90 days later, we count the subscriptions. So that number was 44,000. At this point, we're not prepared to sort of break out cloud and product subs. But look, as we've said, our strategy is working, our business model transition, platform transition is working, subscription is working everywhere, so we saw strength across all those product -- all those subscription types. 
Richard Herren: Yes, and on the second part of your question on the full year guide, we've executed well over the last several quarters and certainly executed well in Q1. And it's given us increased confidence as -- that both the transition is working for our customers but it's also working for our partners, and we feel good about where we are at this point in the year. But there's a long way to go. It's 90 days into a full year. At this point, I think it's appropriate to be prudent with the guide for the full year. 
Richard Herren: Yes, Jack, when you look at that, you got to reflect back on what was happening in Q1 a year ago. It was our first quarter without selling any perpetual licenses on AutoCAD and LT. And you'll remember, when we ended that sale at the end of the prior quarter in Q4, there were some buy-ahead activities we had with AutoCAD and LT Q1 a year ago, so the compare point was a little bit artificially low with some demand pulled backward into the prior year. That's part of what contributed to it. I would say we're seeing very strong uptake, though, for both AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT and the LT family with product subscriptions, so it's a combination of both. 
Richard Herren: Yes, Jack, we actually did well in all regions. I think that it's one thing to look at it year-on-year, if you look at it sequentially, we actually did well in Americas, in Europe and in APAC. And as Amar just pointed out, actually, seemed to have at least found the bottom in APAC and don't have the same headwinds that we had for most of this year last year there. So it didn't -- there's nothing that stands out that was particularly strong or particularly weak in any of the 3 geos. It was good performance across the board. 
Richard Herren: Yes, Gregg, LT continues to be the volume part of the business. It was in the perpetual license world, it is in the product subscription world. We're not seeing a significant shift in the mix of LT either going as a higher percent on a volume basis or a lower percent. LT and AutoCAD kind of continue to hold serve at the level they were. 
Richard Herren: I don't think so, Ken. I mean you saw that for the first quarter, we actually posted a decline in spend of about 3% during Q1. Obviously, for us to be flat for the year, it's not going to stay at minus 3% throughout the year. So I would expect to see slight increases going forward but that still comes in at flat for the year. There's no particular swing between categories as we roll out maintenance to subscription. Maintenance to subs is obviously a huge focus, both for our sales team and for our channel. I don't see that driving any particular bump in expense. 
Richard Herren: Yes. What drives receivables, of course, is linearity in the quarter, right? It's what gets sold during the quarter, in the last month because we -- in most cases, we bill in that 30. So we had a very linear quarter this quarter. If you look at our DSOs this quarter, they were below 45 -- I think, 43 days -- whereas the last quarter, it was a much more back end-loaded quarter. So just think of linearity during the quarter, there's nothing else that's happening that would skew that one way or another. 
Richard Herren: Yes, I agree with that, Steve, and to your second question, there's an interesting effect. If you look at the price increases built into maintenance to subscription, the longer someone stays on maintenance, of course, they incur higher price increases, the more they contribute to ARR. So there's a bit of a reverse -- it's a bit counterintuitive. So there's no dependency on a very rapid shift over. In fact, the slower it goes, actually, it boosts ARR a bit as it moves along. So there's no significant dependency on the model on them. 
Richard Herren: Yes. Our long-term targets -- not guide, our long-term targets do assume that it shifts over and that the majority do shift over. But I don't want to get into any of the details on what that looks like. There's -- like I said, there's an interesting play in terms of the rate and pace that they move and the effect that has on the model. And we've -- as with most of the metrics in the model, Steve, we try to be somewhat conservative on those. 
Richard Herren: Sure, Ken. Just to be clear, we typically always see a sequential downtick in spend from Q4 to Q1. Q4, as the year ends, there's a lot of true-ups that happen on variable compensation plans, on commissions. It's the quarter that we have our AU event which also drives some expense. So normal seasonality, you'd expect a decline from Q4 to Q1. The rate of that decline, in some ways, depends on how successful we were in the prior year because commissions are not an insignificant part of that decline. So it's not a -- while it is a sequential decline, it's not an unexpected sequential decline from Q4 to Q1. Amar, if you want to touch on how we're managing spend. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Phil. This is Andrew. Let me talk to it. So first off, let me remind you how we structured this program so we can put some of the feedback in context. It's a multiyear program. We rolled out 3 years' worth of changes in the customer base so that they could actually get a lot of visibility to what they could expect over the next few years. The first year is modest price increases. The program starts June 1, and they're going to see a 5% price increase. So whether you're a maintenance customer that really wants to stay on maintenance or wants to move to subscription now, you're really going to renew and move forward and take -- you're going to take an action, a positive action, because you've got a year to think about it. And what we're going to be doing in that year is we're going to be collecting the customer reaction, and we're also going to be demonstrating to the customers more explicitly why there is more value in the subscription world. The value is going to show up just in the nature of the offering, we've talked about the access control and insights.  We're also going to be adding a lot more value related to bringing the cloud much closer to the subscription offering. So we've given the customers lots of runway. We expected there was going to be different types of reactions to the program, which is one of the reasons why we built in this year for people to digest what we're doing. So as we've rolled it out, we've gotten reaction from some of our larger customers where they're just looking at it and they're going, "We were going to move to subscription anyway," or "We're going to move to an EBA, so we're going to probably move forward with the lowest price possible." Our smaller customers are where we've gotten the most noise. And essentially, they're concerned about losing access to their perpetual software. That's why we've got the 1 year cooling off period for us to absorb this feedback, for us to engage with these customers and for us to really prove to them that not only are they moving to a better, higher-value offering but we're going to protect them as they move forward. So that's where we're at right now, and I wouldn't expect anything else to change. 
Andrew Anagnost: This is Andrew. I'm going to take that one, all right? As we've said, this metric is highly, highly sensitive to mix. It's highly sensitive not only to product mix but also the geo mix whether it's emerging or mature markets. And what we said consistently, and we're sticking to it, is as we move into the second half of the year, we're going to start to see that metric trend up. And we're not changing that assessment, we're not changing that guidance. I want to remind you, though, about some of the things that are going to keep pushing that up. One, we're going to be absorbing that maintenance-to-subscription price increase, the 5% that pushes into the ecosystem, so that's going to trend that up a bit. You're also going to see some core price increases, and the move to collections is going to put upward pressure on that. We're also going to see the decrease in discounts. Remember, with a discount this round, it was a fraction of what it was in previous years on our legacy programs, you're going to see that. But you're also going to see the mix in mature and emerging change which is going to -- have put some positive pressure. As we're more successful in the cloud, you're going to see downward pressure. So those are the factors that are going to be affecting this as we move into the second half of the year, but we're holding to the statement we made previously, you're going to see a trend up as we move through the second half. 
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So Jay, that was a multipart question, so let me kind of approach each one of these one at a time. So look, when it comes to VARs and distribution in our future, let's be very clear, our business is going to be bigger and the size of the pie that the VARs are going to get, the size of the business that they're going be able to participate will be bigger as well. We are going to be doing more business direct through major accounts and direct through the eStore, but we are absolutely going to be providing a bigger business to our indirect partners as well as we move forward. Now your question with regard to pricing to VADs and VARs and things of this -- we are constantly evolving and changing our frameworks and changing the pricings and the things that go through the framework to optimize what things are going on.  I'm not going to comment on any specific pricing strategy we put out there in the system, but we're always doing that to optimize how we distribute and deliver the software to the customers. And your last question about Collections. So first off, let's talk about where the overall strategy is going with Collections. It's absolutely our goal to ensure that our new customers are moving to Collections versus buying standalone products. And as you know, as we light up the maintenance-to-subscription program in June, there's going to be a major push to move those customers over to Collections. Those activities are brewing and gestational right now. But with regard to the Collections result, we're actually really happy where we're at. The volume runway in Q1 is equivalent to the Suites runway in the same period a year ago, and that's exactly where we want to be. And in a short period of time, we basically dialed back up to that run rate, and that's right where we should be. But as we move forward into the year, you're going to see Collections contributions go up more and more throughout the year. But right now, we're exactly where we expect to be. 
Andrew Anagnost: Actually, you know what -- this is Andrew. So you know what, the incentives we put into the system for partners are aligned with the kind of outcomes we want with subscription. So first off, we're obviously going to incent them to encourage a customer to look at a collection because, obviously, that's something we really want the customer to consider, and we think that's the right path for them moving forward and the best path to the future. But we also want to incent adoption and renewal activity. So we actually put incentives into the system to ensure that the partners are making sure that the customers are actually using the software because like Amar said, when you're on a subscription model, you can turn -- you can start and stop if you want. So we want the partners to guarantee that the customers are actually adopting things. So we're putting incentives into the system like that to drive that kind of behavior. 
Andrew Anagnost: Keith, our engagement with VARs is very simple. We talk about billings numbers with them and the billings outcomes with them and the annualized contract value. We don't try to do ARR compensation models with our partner channel, that would be far too complicated for them to not only engage with but actually for them to measure and react to. So we keep that very simple because we want to grease their transactional ability. 
Andrew Anagnost: Look, we're going to continue to convert at very high rates. Let's make sure that we're clear on exactly how we're going to be converting the customers. The promos are only one measure of our conversion success. It's a 3-pronged strategy we're looking at to bring these customers in. One is the pace of functionality that we update in the existing product so that the ecosystem becomes very much out-of-date very quickly for a customer that stays off the current release. The other aspect of the things that we're doing is entangling the cloud value so deeply into the subscription offering that the customers are really compelled to get that value captured and integrated in their processes. More and more, the cloud offerings are going to become supercritical to what our customers do, and that's going to get deeply entangled into the subscription offering. The last bit was these legacy promos and these offerings that we use. These are not the -- that's not the absolute measure of legacy conversion we do; just the fact that we're doing the kinds of net adds that you see here means that we're dipping into these nonsubscriber bases. We're going to continue to do it, and we're going to continue to do it at reasonable rates. And I think the program's working exactly as we expected it to. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So remember, the main -- the way the program is structured is that the customer that's moving at the time can move like-for-like, they can move LT to LT or AutoCAD to AutoCAD, but they're never going to get a better price to move to a collection than they will at that point. The discount on collection that they get is the same 60% discount they get moving like-for-like. So there's a strong incentive in the system, especially for an AutoCAD customer, to consider a collection -- probably less so for an LT customer but definitely for an AutoCAD customer. And what we've done is we've armed our partner channels all across the world with basically a tool that lets them sit down with a customer and say, hey, here are your options. Here's what happens if you move now. Here's what happens if you move next year. And by the way, if you move to a collection, this is the price you lock in and this is the value you get with regards to the product offerings. So we've put a lot of work into educating the channel in particular, in how to have a conversation with the customer in terms of moving up to a collection. 
Andrew Anagnost: Look, like I said, the feedback, the negative feedback we got was exactly what we've expected. Look, when you announce to a customer that their maintenance prices are going to be going up over a 3-year period, you expect to get some feedback that's not necessarily positive. It has primarily been from the smaller customers. And when you look at their main issue, it doesn't come down to maintenance versus subscription. They recognize that the program we put in place puts reasonable price increases in for them and they get -- they love the loyalty program. What they're worried about is giving up their perpetual license. So what we over this next year -- and by the way, it is over this next year because they're obviously going to renew at a 5% increase -- is essentially show the customers in these small accounts that moving to subscription is a more valuable path for them and something that helps them accomplish what they need to do more effectively. We're committed to doing that, and that's really going to be the essence of our response to these customers, is delivering the value they're expecting to see and helping them understand exactly what they get when they move to subscription. 
Andrew Anagnost: No. The reaction is fairly uniform. I mean, obviously, you get some small variations, but it's really uniform. And it's very similar to the reaction we got when we announced the end of perpetuals. It's playing out exactly the same way, and we're going to go through the exact same process. But there's no particular geography or country that's showing any more propensity to be concerned. 
Andrew Anagnost: So I'm going to answer part of that, and then I'm going to let Scott speak to the other part of it. So with regards to the maintenance to subscription program, look, we've rolled out the program, we've created visibility, we told them they're getting a 60% discount, that discount goes down by 5% every year as they -- depending on what year they move. It's our intent to stick to that program and stick to that -- I think, we think it's an excellent program, it's an excellent level of discount. There's really no reason to change that. So I don't anticipate any change in the actual rules of the program. 
Andrew Anagnost: Steve, we have a clear goal to get as much of that maintenance base moved over to subscription by FY '20 as we possibly can. 
Andrew Anagnost: Ken, we've been very explicit in the program where the customer pops up to the terminal discount price of the program. So the maintenance subscription program lasts 3 years and, at the end of that third year, there's a particular discount. That's the price that everybody trues up to when they exit the program -- which, by the way, is the right thing to do with regard to incenting the customer to not only give up their perpetual license but feel comfortable with the move to subscription. 
Andrew Anagnost: EBAs are a totally different process. So when a customer moves to an EBA, they've moved off of maintenance to a consumption model. And remember, for all of these things, with regards to the way we rolled out the prices, the way we manage the price increases at the terminal point, our goal is to maximize the value of that maintenance base. And that is all about minimizing the churn out of those customers that are in that base. We feel like we've created a program that balances both the price uplift and the churn factors that guide us in maximizing the value of that base. That's what's driving all of this. 
Andrew Anagnost: There's a fundamental thing we've been telling people over and over again with regard to how this is sort of going to work. First off, the move to subscription has reset the price points for design software pretty dramatically. So what we're seeing is we're seeing increased demand for our offerings just by virtue of the fact that the upfront costs are so much lower. Then there's a couple of other factors that play out here in terms of hitting those long-term subscription targets; one is the nonsubscriber base we've been talking about over and over again throughout the last few years, those customers moving forward, the other -- which is a 2 million-plus base of people. The other base is the 12 million pirate base that is going to move from pirated software to subscriptions. We know -- we understand that base, we know how to move them forward. But the more important factor as we look over a 5-year period is the market expansion we're going to see with the delivery of the cloud application in both construction and manufacturing. The move to the cloud, especially in the manufacturing space, is starting a share shift away from our competitors to our offerings. When you add all of those things together, the 20% subscription growth target is quite achievable, and it's achievable not only from growing off our existing core but expanding into these new markets in construction and manufacturing. 
