Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Abhey. To open, I want to thank all of the medical professionals and other essential workers who are confronting the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the frontline. Their efforts are not only saving lives, but allowing many other people around the world to protect themselves, their families and their communities. Their efforts are truly heroic. Thank you for everything you do. Our thoughts are also with everyone affected by pandemic. And our priorities remain the safety and well-being of our employees, and the continued support of our customers, partners, and communities. Many of us, myself included are adopting multiple roles as we seek to juggle the demands of our professional and family lives in a world that has suddenly become most more complex, and more constrained. Personally I've had to learn how to home school my youngest child, and while I've always had a healthy respect for the work teachers do, I have developed an even deeper appreciation for the role teacher’s play in our societies. It takes a lot of patience and skill to help a young mind learn what it needs to learn. From a business operation standpoint, the transition to working remotely has been smooth. I am proud of how our employees and partners have balanced their personal lives with many commitments during these unprecedented times; many significant product upgrades were successfully released, thanks to our cloud-based operating infrastructure. One of the metrics we've been tracking closely is the weekly active users of our products, and since the pandemic started usage of our products dip slightly, but overall remained relatively steady. In China, usage dropped lot rapidly in February, but rebounded above pre-COVID levels by the end of March as business started reopening in the region. And it's no surprise we saw a major surge in usage of our cloud collaboration project – products, as people work from home and throughout the quarter. During the quarter and into May, renewal rates held relatively steady among our target markets, AEC revenue held up well, while we experienced a slowdown in the manufacturing space. The resiliency of our business is anchored by the diversity of our geographic regions and product offerings, our subscription -- business model and our indirect distribution model, which allows us to operate and adapt locally as economic conditions evolve in different geographic regions. During the quarter, we helped our customers accelerate their migration to the cloud and ease their transition to working from home. We also offered extended payment terms to alleviate their liquidity concerns. Please refer to the slide deck on our investor relations website for more details on these actions. I am incredibly proud of not only the way our employees rally to support each other in the company, but also how they rally to support our customers, our partners in the communities they live in. Without their resiliency, the resiliency of our business model wouldn't matter. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Scott now to take you through the details of our performance and guidance before I come back to provide insight into our strategic growth drivers. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Saket, I hope you're doing well as well. Look, there's – what I'll do is I'll give you some indirect measures of what we're seeing. If our customers were engaging in a lot of headcount reductions, what we would see is a tendency towards more partial renews in our base. We're not seeing that, all right, as we mentioned in the opening commentary. So we're not seeing this increase in partial renews which kind of talks to a stable employment base and a stable team environment. The other thing that we pay attention to is the whole notion of what's happening with weekly active users, okay? That's the real measure of economic activity happening on top of our applications. This is something we didn't have during the last downturn. We weren't able to monitor weekly active use of our desktop products. That weekly active usage, while it declined a little bit as we headed into this, is definitely starting to stabilize. So that's another indicator that tells us, look, people are hanging on to their R&D, their R&D and early project development team members. We're well in front of the process here on multiple factors, so people need to keep the people working on the stuff that uses our products in order to effectively meet the demand as they come out of this. So that's what we're seeing Saket.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So the backlog comes in 2 forms. The first backlog is projects that were just put on hold and were about to go into the pipe, we hear a lot about that from our customers is that look, a lot bunch of products were just put on hold, until people know where they're at. Those projects are not going away. None of them are in any kind of category that would represent a pullback from the projects. So yes, at the front end in the design and kind of engineering side, there is definitely this queue of projects that were put on hold. The interesting thing on the downstream side and the construction side, what you saw was how in some municipalities, people actually stopped construction. Now those construction sites are coming back on right now. And in some places, construction never stopped, but they're not coming back on the same, all right? So what you're seeing is people are working with distancing, listing requirements on the construction site, so there's fewer people on the construction site and these people are working in more shifts, so what you're actually seeing is more pickup in the digital tools and an anticipation from our customers that they need more tools to digitally manage their sites as they stand up these construction sites. The same goes in manufacturing. Manufacturing, they – their biggest problem is that their output side will shut down. Their new product development and all the things that are going on there, none of that was stopping. They just couldn't push the units out because of various restrictions on them. That's all starting to open up as well. And that's what we're hearing from our customers. Frankly, the one segment of our customer base that still doesn't know what their – what their fate is is the people making films, TV and film. They're still struggling with when the sets are going to back up. The games, games, obviously, they never – they never saw a slowdown. So – but the people in the film business are still waiting for when the production is going to restart.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay, great. So, Heather, let me give you a little context. I'll kind of answer your question a little broader than you asked just so that you can a full set context. Scott said, we kind of entered Q1 with a roar. We had like a week to celebrate our success from fiscal year 2020. And then what happened is March hit, you saw China start to decline, you saw Korea follow suit. You saw a general decline in APAC, and then kind of Europe came online after that, started to decline, then the U.S. Here's what we saw, though, as things played out. China and Korea are rebounded, right? Monthly -- weekly, monthly active usage in China is now above the pre-COVID highs in that country. Korea returned and became stable. Japan was surprisingly steady through the entire crisis, all right, both from a business perspective -- from a business collections and from the weekly active usage numbers that we are tracking. And now what we're seeing is kind of the same kind of cascade happening in Europe. We're starting to see Europe weekly active usage is going up. New business is starting to go up. And you're seeing -- we're seeing a kind of a stabilization in the U.S., not any upward trajectory yet, but it's all cascading like that. And we saw that in our weekly active usage numbers. We're seeing it in our new business numbers. And another thing that stayed constant and stayed relatively steady was renewal rates. Now, we always told you that we anticipated renewal rates would decline slightly during a downturn. What happened was that renewal rates actually declined less than we expected. So, they've been -- they've held up incredibly well through this downturn, and that was consistent across geographies at all times during the crisis. There hasn't been some kind of sudden dip in renewal rates and some wavering. It's actually stayed like at a fairly consistent rate. The one thing I want to make sure you understand during the whole entire thing, our cloud products and our make products did incredibly well. Like, for instance, in March, during the heat of all of this, Fusion added 50,000 monthly active users in the month, right, in the heat of all of this, all right? We already told you about what was going on in BIM 360 Design and BIM 360 Docs, those products all did very well even through the downturn.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So let me start with the sales question. So as we've headed into this and looked at the year, as you've noticed, we've continued to invest. While we're not going to spend as much as we originally anticipated this year, we're continuing to invest in R&D and things that we think are core to our future and infrastructure. There are some areas that go-to-market we did continue to invest in, like international expansion for our construction solutions and things related to supporting the Fusion business. But, you're right, we probably slowed down a little bit on inside sales efforts when your inside sales teams, you don't want to hire inside sales teams when you're having trouble getting in touch with customers when they're working from home. So we slowed down some of those efforts, but there was no across-the-board slowdown in our go-to-market activity. In fact, what we did is, we prioritized those things that we thought were most important and invested there. And I think they all would make sense to you, in terms of what we're doing there. In terms of the longer-term growth, I think you're going to continue to see us invest in go-to-market internationally around our construction and cloud solutions. I think you're going to see us continue to invest in data centers and servers in our international locations that service our customers with some of our cloud solutions, because those are going to be in demand, all right? Now with regard to your second question, okay, we don't call it plasma anymore, by the way. It's a different name, which you'll get some view of later, probably around AU time frame. So I'm going to be careful about what I talk about there. But look, first off, I want to make sure you understand. There's a lot in our cloud, all right? A lot in our cloud platform, a lot that has been exposed, a lot that hasn't yet been exposed. Some of those things you're talking about allowing multidisciplinary collaboration, simultaneous access to a common model that updates based on different disciplines, but maintains control with, say, the architects or the engineers, you're going to hear a lot more about that in the coming months and probably around Autodesk University. So I'm not going to steal the thunder from that. What I will say at this point is, we've got a lot going on, and we're big believers in the app model. And what I mean by that is we believe that relatively modestly sized to big clients with a really robust cloud backend are the future. And we got there in a very informed way. So, for instance, Fusion has a big client. And – but it has a very, very, very fine-grained multitenant cloud data infrastructure hidden behind it. Fusion's cloud will get thinner – the client will get thinner over time. You could also see an evolution with Revit that's similar to that. That's going to take a little longer. And we made that choice very deliberately, Jay, because we've had lots of experience in pure browser-based applications. For instance, you might be aware that Tinkercad has 25 million users. Right now, in any given day, 11,000 people use Tinkercad. It's the K-12 de facto standard for 3D modeling out there. It's called Tinkercad, but it's actually an amazing tool. It is a multitenant browser-based solution, as is AutoCAD web, which has 50,000 monthly active users a month, all right, which does edit and the creation of drawings as well as collaboration on drawings. Both of those solutions taught us that thicker clients are better, all right. Not totally think clients, way thinner than our current desktop clients, way thinner, but like an app model. We learned this early on from our long years of experience with these pure browser-based tools. So that's why you see us doing that with Fusion. You'll see us do something similar in the AEC space over time. And it's winning because it helps get people to the cloud, but it has that same robust multitenant cloud database structure sitting underneath it.
Andrew Anagnost: In the manufacturing part or the construction part. You – I want to make sure I answer the question…
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, good. Because – all right. So I'm glad you asked the question. Like I said, we're definitely seeing building momentum in that space. There's no doubt about it. Fusion is on fire. I said in March, it added 50,000 monthly active users. There's over 600,000 monthly active users on the application today, all right. It's in the very early stages of a revenue generation activity. I am going to save the total commercial subscriber base as a reveal for the Investor Day coming up. Suffice it to say, it's large, all right, and significant. In education, it's by far the leader. And by the way, it has a connectivity flow with Tinkercad. So we've got K-12 locked up with Tinkercad and Fusion's rapidly taking over post-secondary education and becoming more and more of a force in that space. I think you're going to see a lot of exciting things with Fusion over the next year, especially as we start to reveal the data layers that are hiding underneath the thick client that we use for the application. So I want to hold off a little bit until Investor Day. But I will tell you, in any given day, 60,000 people are using Fusion to solve real-world problems today. So I think it’s an exciting application. It has really significant potential for the future. We are way ahead of our competition, not only in functionality, but in low cloud power.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. Great. All right. So I'll start off and take the horizontal construction question. So we've been anticipating stimulus with regard to infrastructure for some time now and we've been investing in our core products for that, in particular, in road and rail. What you saw us recently do was engage in a partnership and an investment with Origo, and I mentioned that in the opening commentary. Origo is really, really strong in the early capital planning part of these types of projects, whereas we're really strong in the design and make parts. There's an overlap between our solutions, but they're very, very complementary. Between the functionality we've been building in our design portfolio and this partnership, it's designed to bring the departments of transportation forward in terms of their solution stacks for these various types infrastructure engagements. Right now, they're basically on really old stacks and fairly old technology, Aurigo is a born in the cloud company, most of our stack is rapidly moving to through the cloud. Obviously, the construction stack is entirely in the cloud. So we've been preparing for tailwinds around infrastructure for quite some time. We believe we're ready. We believe these partnerships we put in place are absolutely the right kind of thing. We're already seeing some returns from those partnerships in terms of engagements with various departments of transportation. So yes, we do anticipate a tailwind coming from stimulus related to infrastructure, and we've been preparing for it.
Andrew Anagnost: One more point, we're not seeing close to the levels of declines in new business we saw during the great financial crisis, okay, just to make sure there's too clear on that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Those segments tend to be users of things like LTE versus facilities planning and facilities layout. So they're – while they’re big companies, they generally tend to be downmarket users of our applications. It's a facilities usage play for us. So we don't have a lot of exposure to the main line of our business from those very hard hit industries in hospitality, transportation and in food services.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It's careful to kind of think about that question in an important way. First off, commercial business building, the commercial buildings and commercial office space, not a huge part of our business. However, I mean, we're living this -- personally, so I can speak to this with some knowledge about how this is working. There's a couple of trends, I think you need to be aware of. One, when people move to more work-from-home type environments, and we will probably have that on the other side as well, they're actually going to have less dense office space. So, for instance, the current requirements in terms of us getting back in our offices are going to require us to significantly de-densify some of our office space. So, people are not -- in the short-term, certainly, not going to require less office space, they're just going to have fewer people in it, spread out more widely over the next 12 to 18 months, okay? So, we have to be very clear on that, people will be coming into offices that are much less dense. That's where we're going. It's where a lot of our customers are going, and they're going to need to reconfigure those office spaces in unique ways. And we're helping them to do that with some of the general design tools. But on a bigger standpoint, okay, there's still going to be population growth. We're still going to have workers. There's still going to be a population that needs to come into an office, but how these offices are distributed and where they are may change. We've always been talking about a trend around urbanization, but we might be future talking about urbanization and suburbanization, where you're seeing this kind of spreading out away from dense urban centers into suburban centers that also have office space and high-rise living spaces. And then they're connected by infrastructure that requires them to have a hub-and-spoke kind of flow. So, there's a lot of ways that this plays out in the future, but in our projections and our view on this, people are going to be building more, not less. Where they build it may change.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, specifically, I've talked about large M&A being done on the construction side, all right? I was very specific that we felt like we got the biggest pieces that we needed on the construction side. Certainly, we are going to continue to look at all our markets. With the shakeup that will likely be accelerated over the next five years in manufacturing, with supply people rethinking their supply chains and numerous things associated with that, I think, our focus on manufacturing will likely continue. But don't think that we won't look opportunistically at opportunities in AEC as well. The next 12 months could present themselves with all sorts of opportunities for organic and inorganic growth activity. Fortunately, we've got a good strong balance sheet. We've got a nice recurring revenue model. We're in a good position this year to act on something that we think could be appropriate for us. So we don't see anything immediately in our future.
Andrew Anagnost: I got to tell you a story. I'm not going to use specifics. It just came in before -- while we're preparing for today. There was a customer that was desperate to get rid of their multiuser licenses and move to single-user licenses, because they need a two-factor after a malware attack. So we've had people, customers coming to us now realizing that named users are not a bad thing, all right? As a matter of fact, when you're trying to move from working in an office to distributing your workers all over the place, it's really nice that you can just download the software and log on and it works. And they saw us responding much faster to their work-from-home needs. So initially, before this crisis, we were getting a lot of noise about multiuser. A lot of that has started to die down. And in some cases, people are starting to realize that multiuser was not the panacea they thought it was for the problems they were having. And, in fact, it exposed them to other things. So I don't know if that will continue. Times could change, as we head out of this. But, right now, it's been an excellent opportunity for people to understand and for us to have a discussion about what does named user really gets you and what are the benefits. And we're seeing some of that right now. So it's still early days. We've only done a few multiuser conversions at this point, but there's some very interesting conversations around this.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we didn't do the extended -- the only access program to drive paid convergence, as you know, we did it to help people work from home. However, our customers are being pretty definitive with us that their -- most of them are not going to go back to their old way of working. Remember, once they started up a project in these environments and found that the fluidity of what they can do and how they can work remotely, they're very unlikely to pull the project out of the system unless they feel like, I didn't really need any of that. We don't foresee that happening. In fact, one of the things I said in the opening commentary is that, AECOM was very explicit with us that we are moving to a more distributed model. With these things, we’re going to be increasing our usage. Are you ready Autodesk? And we told them, of course, definitively that we were. So, while some customer’s may revert back to their old way of working. We expect a significant number of them to come out of this changed. It's exposed them to something they really weren't aware that they could do previously.
Andrew Anagnost: The only thing -- remember, weekly active usage is starting to trend up in some of the places that were first hit by the pandemic. So we're seeing the opposite where people are actually starting to use more as they come to their side of this.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. That's factoring, that we are growing revenue and same time puts us in a fairly elite category. Given the acceleration of digitization we expect from the other side of this, this is the time you want us to be investing in R&D and the infrastructure that supports getting that R&D to the customers. And that's what we're going to do.
Andrew Anagnost: So with regards to the pipeline question, in terms of how things are going -- all right on general pipeline, so from a cascading, what we've seen in – in terms of new business is Asia is already starting to turn up, all right. So we’re already seeing the pipeline grow in APAC. We are starting to see signs of that in Europe. We haven't yet seen signs of it in the U.S. but given the cadence that we've seen around the pipeline from each region and by a country-by-country basis, watching not only the new business trends, but the weekly active user trends, which, by the way, presages the pipeline, we see building pipeline strength as you get further and further away from the start of the pandemic, which I think is a pretty positive sign for our business in terms of where we think we’re going. And it's why we feel the way we do about the potential for the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. Thanks, Saket. And I hope you and your family are staying safe too. It's such a bizarre time. What we did see -- the multiyear continues to be relatively strong. It was an interesting quarter. The beginning of the quarter was quite strong. Across the board, demand was strong. Multiyear was strong. It was really a continuation of a strong Q4. And then right around mid-March, we saw things slow down. And it slowed not evenly, as we talked about in the opening commentary. It slowed down little bit by – as countries were affected in a different rate. What we saw in multiyear is, we did see it come down a bit in the second half of the quarter, but not substantially. And you see that when you look at the total long-term deferred balance in relationship to the total deferred revenue balance. So while it did come down, a lot of our customers continue to see value in buying the multiyear. Our partners continue to see value in selling that. And of course, we get value because those are renewals that we don't have to chase, and it frees up sales capacity. So the triumvirate of good for customers, good for partners, good for us continues. I do expect to see some headwind on multiyear transactions through the second half of the year, and that's part of what is influencing the change in our guidance on billings and free cash flow as an expectation that multiyear will trend down through the year, certainly in the second quarter with some recovery towards the second half of the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. It continues to be an enormous opportunity for us, Phil, and it's one that we'll continue to pursue out even beyond fiscal 2023. What we have seen during the quarter is – we talked about this on the fourth quarter call as well. We've gotten better at the data science at identifying those, passing on higher-quality leads. That's led to the productivity of those license compliance teams improving. And as the productivity improves, we're investing more headcount there. That trend continued into the first half of the quarter. I will tell you, as the economy got more difficult and as many of our customers face shutdown and very difficult situations, what we did do toward the second half of the quarter is, while we'll continue to pursue those transactions, we're not forcing a final transaction, a final outcome of that in many cases. So that pipeline continues to build. We continue to work that and build that up, and that's an opportunity that's still ahead of us in the second half of the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. No, I think that's the right range, Heather. I think it ends up in the mid-20s. It had been slightly higher than that. You remember on the fourth quarter -- actually, on the third quarter and the fourth quarter call, I think there was concern that multiyear paid upfront product subs was going to run through hot and was going to create a problem for free cash flow this year. In fact, we thought this was going to be a year of stability as opposed to a year of a pandemic. And I have our multiyear offer actually on my watch list, because if I got the impression that it was running to an unstable level, so hot that we couldn't maintain that percent, I wanted to make changes to the offering to kind of tamp it down a bit. We haven't made any changes to the offer. At this point, I don't think we need to. It's the same, pay for three years upfront; get a 10% discount; that it's always been. We saw it in the second half of the year come down modestly. That's my expectation for the year and that will put long-term deferred in that mid-20% of total range.
Scott Herren: Matt, your voice is breaking up pretty badly. You started off fine and then I was guessing what your question is.
Scott Herren: Yes. That's a great question because I think there's an expectation that, that segment, which we call to VSB, Very Small Business but to generalize that, think of that as a single site with 20 employees or less and 15 seats or less. And that segment for us typically drives somewhere between 10% and 15% of our sales. We're not seeing a difference in the renewal rate in that segment versus the segment right above that, up through enterprise. It's a bit surprising, frankly. I would have expected that we would have seen a bigger impact there, but we're not seeing that at this point. But bear in mind, as you could imagine we are running multiple scenarios constantly on the back end. And one of the things that I've had built into those scenarios is an expectation that we do see renewal rates move from where they are down modestly during the second quarter. And then the difference between the high end and the low end of our guidance range is sort of the rate of recovery of those. But just to be cautious, even though we're not seeing it yet, I am modeling that into the guide.
Scott Herren: And to the second question you had, Steve, I'll point you to – I'll tell you what our expectations are, but I'll also point you to the slide deck that we posted on the website at the same time. I know it's a busy night, and there are other companies reporting at the same time. We actually moved to today to try and avoid a lot of other company traffic to try to lighten the load on you guys a bit. So there's a slide there, but I'll tell you what our expectations are. At the low end of the guidance range, we expect – well, in both cases, we expect our new business to be most impacted in the second quarter. And then the divergence between the low end and the high end is the depth of the impact in the second quarter on new business and the rate of recovery, such that in the low end of the range we expect for the full year, we expect a slower recovery from the bottom in Q2, such that for the full year, there is a slight decline in new volume for the year. At the high end, a slightly less of an impact in Q2, a swifter recovery, such that for the full year, new unit volume actually grows modestly. And that's informed by what we're seeing as markets have reopened by monitoring, as Andrew said, what the weekly active usage rate looks like in each of our core markets and really getting an understanding the usage of our products by our customers. Things like our partial renewal rate staying strong, says, if I had 10 that came up for renewal and I renewed all 10, that means that I don't have a reduction in workforce. So I think the strength of the renewal base, plus the – our expectation on what new volume looks like is what differentiates the low end from the high end.
Scott Herren: Yes. With the strength of our renewal rate, Hamza -- and at least I got your name right this time. With the strength of our overall renewal rate and the size of our renewal base, no, I don't see overall subs coming down. I think the new unit volume could see some pressure, and we're seeing that in the second half of Q1, but I don't see the aggregate coming down, no.
Scott Herren: Yes, it's stayed in the same range. It really stayed steady, Hamza, throughout the quarter. Even as the new business slowed down -- I talked about the difference between the first half of Q1 and the second half of Q1. Even as the new business slowed down during that timeframe, the renewal rates stayed pretty steady and stayed pretty steady across the board.
Scott Herren: Yeah. It's really hard to say, Brad, what the drivers are, if it’s a – I’m going to hang on to people even though I don’t have them put to use. I don’t think that’s the case. I think more and more – if you think about where our products are largely used in the process, it's less on -- at least today on the job site and on the manufacturing floor and more upstream in the design process. And that's had a lot less impact from the shutdown and the shelter-in-place that's taken place in the wake of the coronavirus. So I don't -- we're not sensing a significant change in headcount and we look at weekly active users. We look at, I think, one of the most compelling statistics is that partial renews had 10 seats only renewed nine, has held steady as well. And so I'm not -- we're not picking up that there's a change in the workforce or changing the work that needs to be done underneath the products.
Scott Herren: The spend -- so first of all, Jason, I hope you're keeping well as well. It's such a strange time. The areas of investment don't vary between the low end and high end of our range. We'll continue to invest in R&D, given the lead that we've got and the fact that as our customers are being forced to digitize more quickly as a result of the distributed workforce plays right to our strong suit, it plays right into some of the longer-term R&D investments we've been making over the last four or five years. So now is not the time to take the foot off the gas on R&D investments. We're also going to continue to invest in construction. I think that's proven to be a market that is dramatically underpenetrated by technology. And so there will be secular growth in that space. We'll continue to invest there. And we'll continue to invest in digitizing our own comp to provide some of the value-add that we can provide to your customers. There's no change in the core focus areas. We are continuing to be diligent about spend management, as you'd expect, and there are savings. You can back into the savings that are built into our spend stream based on the range of our guidance and get a sense, there's obviously P&E spending that's going away. And by the way, I don't think it ever returns to the levels it had been historically. If the last 3 months have shown us anything, it's that you don't have to be sitting across the table face-to-face with someone to conduct business, whether it's a sales transaction or a brainstorming session. So I don't expect that to fully come back. We've gotten some savings through rationalization of our marketing spend. We've moved many of our events to online. I think many of those will stay online. So there's -- there are some savings built into that and I think many of those will continue longer term. But the core areas that we're investing in, we're going to continue to invest in. And we're in a privileged position. So even with the level of disruption that is happening in the marketplace to be able to show double-digit revenue growth and market expansion through high end of our guidance. So I feel good about the decision that we're in.
Scott Herren: All right. That's a lot to cover there, Zane. I'll take the first one, and I'll let Andrew handle the pipeline sales cycle question. On the first one, of course, there's no way for us to know, but I think that you look at the benefit of that program, it was targeting smaller businesses. And those -- one of the stats that we gave earlier is small businesses and I'll define that as single-site, 20 employees or less and 15 seats or less, that small business segment has typically driven 10% to 15% of our total sales. So it's a smaller piece of our overall revenue stream. It's hard to know how many of them have benefited from kind of the short-term loan programs that have been rolled out and whether you call them stimulus or as Steve said earlier, avoidance of recession. What we do monitor though and Andrew talked about this earlier is, the active users -- the weekly active users of our product. And of course, we saw a strong dip as across the globe countries went into shelter request, but then we also see them come back, and I think that’s also shown sign that we are not seeing stimulus and by all across the board, of course the renewals it stayed inside and we have had another good time. So its hard to know, because its hard to give you a direct answer, but certainly, indicators that we’ll do. We we're not seeing that.
Scott Herren: Yes. I think the other bit of color that I'd add there is when you look at the change in our billings guide, multiyear clearly is having an effect on that. We've seen it slow a bit in the second half of the first quarter. And what I've built into the scenarios that we've modeled out is that it continues to pace low or to modestly come down, a couple of points from where it had been throughout the year. And that does create a headwind on the billings guide.
