Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. Our great momentum from the first quarter carried into the second quarter resulting in strong performance with revenue, billings, earnings, and free cash flow coming in ahead of expectations. We also crossed the $3 billion mark on ARR for the first time, which was driven by solid performance across all regions and products. Our last 12 months free cash flow of $731 million is the highest amount of free cash flow we have ever generated in a four-quarter period in the company's history. We performed well in the first-half of the year demonstrating focused execution and the strength of our recurring revenue model. Although we continue to execute well and are not materially impacted by current trade tensions and macro conditions, we are aware of the current business and geopolitical environment that is causing uncertainty in the market. As we look across the next six months, we are taking a prudent approach to our outlook for the remainder of fiscal '20. However, we think the uncertainty caused by macro-related events is only a short-term issue. We remain confident in our ability to achieve the fiscal '23 goals we have laid out for you. Our confidence is grounded in the value delivered by our products, their ability to help our customers differentiate via innovation and digitization, focused execution delivered by our partners and sales teams, and the significant strides we are making to capture the non-paying user community. I would also like to point out that although there are headlines of some impact from the current environment on a few industry verticals, like manufacturing, we outgrew competitors and gained share in this space. The construction industry is also holding steady, and continues to invest in innovative solutions, and we saw ongoing strength in construction this quarter. Before I offer you more color on strategic highlights during the quarter, let me first turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our second quarter results, as well as details of our updated fiscal '20 guidance. I'll then return with further insights on the key drivers of our business, including construction, manufacturing, and digital transformation before we open it up for Q&A.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so the Americas and the U.S., in particular, were strong. We grew 32%. Our pipeline is solid in the U.S.; it's solid across the whole Americas. Our visibility is pretty good. We're seeing broad strength across all the segments. So we're not seeing any weakening in any kind of segment or by any types of vertical. So the U.S. business is looking solid. And it continues to look solid right now and until something changes in the environment. But we saw a great visibility in our pipeline to the U.S.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, absolutely. So that's an easy place, Phil, to give some color. So, construction, we're definitely leaned more towards the U.S., there's no doubt about it. On manufacturing we're definitely leaned more towards Europe. We've historically been more successful in Europe relative to competition than in the U.S. So when you see manufacturing slow down in Germany it slows down our overall manufacturing business. So Europe is definitely where we're more exposed in manufacturing. The U.S. is definitely where the bulk of business is for construction right now, though we're growing pretty quickly internationally on the construction side as well. But that's kind of the high-level breakdown.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, all very good questions, Jay. So, first, let me talk about the early warning system and what it's telling us. So it is broad geographically. It tells us about multiple products in multiple geographies. And one of the things -- and what it's also intended to do is give us a predictor scores that are at risk renewals so that we go take direct action with regards to at-risk renewals. What I can tell you at a high level is it's telling us is there's no slowdown in usage of our products, right. And in fact, usage continues to grow across all types of products and all manner of verticals. So we're not seeing any systematic declines in usage or usage activity [indiscernible]. Our pirates [ph] continue to use our products robustly, and as do our paying subscribers, but remember that the core part of that system is designed to help our teams understand which one of our accounts are most at risk for renewal. And yes, you're right, we watch things like activations, we watch things like product usage, and we watch other things like access to support that allow us to kind of score these customers in terms of risk, but it's global, and we're not seeing any changes in the usage trends, usage continues to go up globally. Now with regard to integration of the construction, I think you're actually pointing to a very important area, and it's one of the things that we're really focusing on behind the scenes, and it has to do with creating some workflows for the building product manufacturers, which includes, like I said earlier, curtain wall as well as the components that go inside of buildings. So what we've been working to do is expand the interlope between Revit and Inventor, so that you can actually take low-precision models from Revit, move them into the high-precision environment of Inventor, so that you can get -- do fabrication prep for things like curtain walls and other types of manufacturing components, and then actually move them back into revenue in the low-precision world in an account slated way, so the changes that happen inside of Inventor go back and update inside of the Revit model as well. We've been improving those integrations continuously behind the scenes. You're going to see more improvements in those integrations in Q4, and a continuing roadmap next year. It's not completing fully industrialized workflows for construction, but it's a prerequisite to making sure you have a good BIM to manufacturing or 3D solid modeling workflows, so that you can actually do some of these more complex interactions between a building information model and a 3D model for manufacturing purposes. So, we continue to work on those Revit and Inventor integrations, and you'll see acceleration in that area.
Andrew Anagnost: So, your middle -- it's okay, see growth ensuring, no change, all right. We're seeing the same kind of see growth, where our renewal rates are solid. In some places, we are seeing improvements. So, all of those trends are consistent right now with a fairly steady environment. Like we said earlier, we've seen some indications in certain specific markets that lead us to be a little bit more cautious, particularly Germany and manufacturing, U.K. and Brexit, and you know, the state-owned enterprises in China, we simply cannot engage with them, and that's going to put pressure on our expectations relative to those markets. Even though emerging in China is a small part of our business, it's a small percentage. Over a couple of quarters, we could easily add up to $5 million in missed expectations, but there is a lot of noise. You can all hear it, it's all going on, there's change -- there is something new every day, all right, all you have to do is checking Twitter feed. So, there're all sorts of noise, and what you see us doing, and I want to make sure we put this in context. What we did is we took the high-end of our guidance down. So, we narrowed the range. The low-end of our guide on a constant currency basis is unchanged. So, this is a prudent narrowing of the range to kind of reflect this noise we're seeing in the system. I think it's the right thing to do right now. I think it's appropriate, but even if you look at the worst case scenario on all of that, worst case scenario, we're coming in at 96%, at worst case of the numbers we set out there four years ago. I think that's pretty good. That's not just great modeling. It's actually great execution in flexible and adaptive execution, and it's that ability to kind of track the business to that kind of fidelity that gives us a lot of confidence in terms of what we're looking to see out in FY '23, and I want to make sure just since you asked the question, I want to reinforce a few things that are really important drivers around some of this stuff. First off, one just side comment, we could easily do some unnatural acts to hit that free cash flow number at what we stated previously in the last call. You wouldn't want us to do that. I have no interest in pushing an agenda in that direction, and we're just simply not going to do it. It's not good for the business, it's not good for the long-term health and for the long-term prospects of the business, and we have to pay attention to the long-term prospects of the business. So we're not going to do any a natural things to try to drive that free cash flow number up, and I think that's an important point. But the resilience in the model, because remember, as we move into next year the model transition is done, and we've got the resilience in the model us look out to FY '23, but look at just how the midpoint of the guide changed, half of that is due to currency FX, okay, a total complete short-term impact on our business. The other thing I wanted you to be aware of in terms of what's kind of guiding us with the conservatism, and we're at pipeline solid, we're looking out pipelines, we've got more visibility to our business than we've ever had before, the pipeline looks good in countries where we're historically having problems. I think you might remember a year ago we talked a lot about Japan, Japan is doing great. So, we're seeing things like that, but more importantly, as we look out beyond the FY '20 guide into some of the FY '23 things, construction is doing really well. We believe the construction is going to continue to do well during the downturn, IT spending construction continue to grow during the downturn last time. In '07 and '08, Revit continued to grow for us. I think you're going to see that same thing, our performance on non-compliant users is getting better and better, and also, let's just say there was a protracted downturn. Something interesting happens in those downturns, infrastructure spend tends to go up. We've gotten in front of that. We've done some things in our core design products and our construction portfolio to ensure that we're good partners to the infrastructure business. So, we intend to capitalize on any infrastructure spend that could come out of a protracted downturn. So, you're right, we are simply being conservative and we're being prudent, because of the noise out there in the system and because of the weakness we saw in some places, where they can have impact on our expectation, was correct. We're growing robustly in all those places. We just have higher expectations for those places, and I think it's the right time to make that kind of adjustment, and it's all short-term, but we're still very confident about what we can do in FY '23.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So, Gal, let me let me kind of answer that and cover that. First off, we grew 20% manufacturing better than any of our competitors, all right, better than the market. So, our performance in manufacturing is actually very strong. The relative difference in the performance between manufacturing and AEC is simply due to the fact that AEC is stronger. What we're seeing in AEC is Revit is not only being adopted very robustly, it's actually being mandated, or BIM is being mandated in more and more countries and for more and more projects. Japan in particular is an interesting place, where historically BIM was slow to be adopted, and it's starting to see an acceleration of adoption, and you're seeing BIM mandates showing up in Japan as well. So I want to make sure that we understand the relative performance difference between those two things, and our performance relative to competitors in the overall market. Now, to your point about Fusion, one of the reasons why there is no cannibalization related to Fusion is because one every Inventor customer that's getting Inventor to the collection gets Fusion with it, all right, so they actually get both products. So, if you buy and subscribe to collection, you get all the things that are at collection, you actually get Fusion as well, and Fusion is a design app, can't do all the things that Inventor does. So there's very little kind of cross overlap between those two applications in terms of actually complete design things. The growth that you're seeing in Fusion is actually coming more from competitive swaps. We always like -- we've always given several examples of SolidWorks displacements, we've seen other placements as well, and this growth in the CAM space as well, where the integrated end-to-end solution and the price points are just really, really attractive. So, I just want to make sure that we put color on that, manufacturers doing great, the relative difference between AEC and manufacturing has to do with the fact that AEC is doing better, and it's doing better because of BIM mandates and BIM momentum, and we're not seeing any cannibalization from Fusion in our core Inventor business.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, look, the construction portfolio is performing really well. That is very unusual to get this kind of first-half, you know, first two quarter performance out of big acquisitions like that. We're happy. On the integration side, senior leaders from the acquired companies are taking senior positions inside the construction solutions team. So, we're seeing better and better alignment between those organizations. We have a lot of confidence in where we're going with these things. You see continuing stream of product integrations. Our customers are getting comfortable with our roadmap. The reason customers accelerated their purchasing of BIM 360 is because basically they just -- they see us saying, doing, and acting in all the right ways. So, they're doubling down at Autodesk, and that's nothing, but an excellent sign for how this business is going to grow into next year.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, just even to comment on Germany, and we'll just talk about it from a pure ACV standpoint. The ACV growth in Germany was still double-digit, high double-digit growth. What we saw was a gap between our expectations, and the growth we were seeing as we headed into the end of the quarter. We have high expectations for that market, and those expectations were not getting met in the same kind of pattern that we would have expected in past quarters, but ACV is growing across the board manufacturing. So, I think maybe it's something that would be absolutely good to follow-up on and make sure we got the math right there.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So it is mostly a cross-sell and up-sell opportunity slowing down a little bit, you know, I'll give one example as we look out into the end of the second-half, accounts in some of the European countries where we expected to see EBA conversions are looking like -- the more going to be subscription sales versus the EBAs. So what we're seeing is a little bit of change in behavior at the EBA level and at the up-sell and cross-sell level, and that's really what's triggering our caution. And in terms of what we saw during the quarter, we expect a certain level of uptick in the ACV as we get towards the end of the quarter, and for the manufacturing in Germany, in particular, we didn't see that uptick in ACV. We're still doing great growing, but we didn't see the uptick we expected towards the numbers we want to see. We took that as an indicator of some slowness.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So obviously we spent a lot of time scrubbing the numbers and looking at this and making sure that we were looking at this in a prudent way. We feel confident that we've set the guide, right, I mean, obviously we're one tweet away from something changing, you know, unless something radical changes in the macro environment we feel pretty confident given our pipeline visibility to what we're guiding out there right now, and again I just want to reiterate what we did is we narrowed the range from the top-end down, the bottom the constant currency stayed the same, right, prudent measured action relative to what we're seeing out there. We think we've got it right, and look, if something comes from our field, something will come from that field, but we feel like we've got it right and we scrubbed our numbers. Scott, do you want to comment…
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Richard, thank you for that. All right, so first off, let's talk about how we position the portfolio to our customers and port position the breadth of our portfolio. I made it very clear that the BIM 360 products that's going to focus on project management, project-centric workflows, and all the things associated with managing projects from start to finish, and integrating them into the pre-construction workflow. PlanGrid is going to focus on field execution and all the things associated with field execution and the capturing of information in around field execution and communicating that information back up into the global project management environment. We've made progress on multiple fronts. Like I said earlier, we've integrated BIM into PlanGrid, and so, there is BIM PlanGrid integration. We've also integrated some BuildingConnected bid management function into PlanGrid as well, but one of the really exciting things that we're working on, and it's part of the integration strategy is that both the PlanGrid team and the BIM 360 teams have seen the next generation building BIM 360-docs solution we built as being the foundation of what we call a Common Data Environment. This is something that's specked out in the AEC industry. It's called the CDE. And docs is going to be the foundation of our Common Data Environment and both PlanGrid and BIM -- and on all the other core BIM 360 functionality are integrating into that platform, which gives us a great steppingstone, not only to satisfy some pretty complicated requirements around Common Data Environment, but also to bring the products together more rapidly. So, you're going to hear a lot of things from us in the second-half of this year, in the first-half of next year about how these portfolios are coming together, but our customers get it, they understand, and they are buying in more to our solution because they see us acting in the direction of what we said we're going to do.
Andrew Anagnost: No. Yes, there is no incremental view in AEC. The change in guidance came from those FX effects and our view of the impacts of the softness we saw in manufacturing in Germany, the softness we saw in the U.K. and the gap between our potential in China and what we're actually able to execute on. Those are really the key drivers.
Scott Herren: Hi, Saket. Before we jump into that, I'd like to clear out something. We've heard that there's some confusion in our guidance metrics from the press release footnotes. So, and what our current guidance for free cash flow for fiscal '20 is $1.3 billion, we get there by saying free cash flow -- or cash flow from operations will be $1.37 billion, you'd net out $70 million of free cash flow to get to $1.3 billion. So, I think the footnote created confusion that the $1.3 billion wasn't already netted for CapEx. It is. So it's $1.37 billion before CapEx as cash flow from ops, $1.3 billion is the free cash flow guide for the year. Okay, go ahead.
Scott Herren: Yes, sure, Saket. So this is the year -- by the way, it's a 20% price increase, not 25%. But Q2 is the first full quarter that that third price increase that we announced three years ago, it went into effect at the beginning of Q2. This is our first quarter with that, and we actually had some interesting results. The conversion rate of -- maintenance rates that came up for renewal actually increased, which is what you'd expect with the staying on maintenance going up 20%, from what had been about a third of those that come up for renewal converting to something in the high 30% range for the quarter. So conversion rate increased, as expected. Interestingly for those that did elect to stay on maintenance, and some do, the renewal rate actually ticked up. I would've expected with the increase in price it to stay flat or maybe even decline, it actually, the renewal rate for maintenance for those that did not convert actually it ticked moderately, but ticked up slightly in the quarter. So we're seeing the exact same -- the behavior we expected when we laid out the M2S program. And at this point it's -- we have three more quarters to go, it'll actually overlap into the first quarter of next year before it's finished.
Scott Herren: Phil, the other comment that's worth adding on to that is, I think there was some concern that emerging markets might have underperformed during the quarter, and it's actually -- you have to dig into the appendix of our slides that we posted on our Web site, but you can see emerging markets actually grew north of 30%. And obviously there's -- a chunk of those emerging markets are in the Americas as well. So we continue to see, with the exceptions of three areas that we pointed out, we continue strength geographically across the board.
Scott Herren: Yes, in other part of your triple questions, that was around linearity, and I think the thing that we are seeing in linearity, and again in Q2, which was consistent with our expectations in Q2 was more sales are happening a little bit later in the quarter than what we had experienced in the second-half of fiscal '19. So, it's more like the traditional linearity that we had in the first-half of fiscal '19, and that's now built into our forecast for the second-half of this year. So it has a couple of effects when you do that obviously, and Andrew has talked about this a big chunk of the adjusted in our guidance is all tied to FX, but holding out aside, as linearity pushes on a little bit, it has an effect on billings, where billings covered layer in a quarter, and then you end up collecting some of those billings is kind of during the current quarter and the following quarter. So there's a little bit of an effect on billings and an effect on free cash flow as well from linearity, but that's the way to think about it. The midpoint of the guide is 27% revenue growth, midpoint of the billings guide is 40% growth even normalized for the 606 implementation at the beginning of last year, and the midpoint of the guide is 12 points of margin expansion. So it's a strong year. We continue to feel good about the momentum in the business.
Scott Herren: Yes. It's Scott, Gal. We talked about the mix being 70% through the channel, 30% direct, which is compared to 28% direct in Q2 of last year. So, it's grown a couple points. Our direct business actually grew 38% year-on-year. So we're seeing good strength in direct. Within EBA, as we continue to do most of our EBAs in the second-half of the year, and within that, most of them in the fourth quarter and the second-half of the year. So the EBA business while we had good traction with EBAs in Q2, the quarters where we really start to see a lot more EBA businesses late in Q3 and then through Q4. The e-commerce business or e-store is actually growing very nicely year-on-year, again, growing off a smaller base, but growing very nicely year-on-year, and that's part of our overall digital sales approach, right, it's not just put up a store and try to drive people to it. We also use the e-store as the backend transaction engine for a lot of our inside sales teams. So, we're seeing very nice growth through that whole digital sales channel, which comes to us at higher net revenue content to Autodesk. So, it's actually performing quite well.
Scott Herren: Yes. Ken, we always have -- as I just mentioned, we always have more EBAs in the second-half of the year and in particular, in the fourth quarter than we do in the first-half of the year. That was -- we know when those EBAs are coming up for renewal, and we have the best insight of any of our transactions on what's happening with the EBA. So, we have a good sense of when those are going to close. That said, as always it's been pretty accurately reflected in our outlook. What you see in terms of the adjustment in billings of $50 million adjustment in billings, first of all, in context, it's a $50 million adjustment at the midpoint on a number that's greater than $4 billion, right, so it's a little more than a 1% adjustment in the full-year billings, half of that $50 million roughly is strictly FX. The remainder is really localized around the three areas that we talked about, around the U.K. with concerns over Brexit, and we saw that actually much more so in July than we did in the first two months of the quarter; same with the slowdown in the manufacturing base in Germany, and then with the state-owned enterprises in China. So the adjustment in billings is really a reflection of FX, and then those three kind of localized effects that I think everyone's feeling, not just Autodesk.
Scott Herren: Yes, super happy with the way the integration has gone, and Andrew, I'll let you comment on this as well talking about the numbers. I'm super pleased with that, and the $100 million that you referred to was really what we talked about the PlanGrid. So it'd be slightly higher when you add BuildingConnected to that as well. I feel like we're on track. I'm really happy with the way those have performed so far, it's -- those are two really significant transactions to pull-in in the same quarter, and not -- we haven't lost a bit of momentum at either one of those. So feeling good about construction business overall, and maybe the interesting point before I hand off to you, Andrew, is not only have we done well with the acquired products, the breadth of the portfolio we have in construction now has created an updraft for BIM 360, and we talked about our Cloud, our organic Cloud ARR growth at 45% for the quarter, BIM 360 is one of the big drivers of that. So, we continue to see not just success in construction with the acquired assets, but a bit of a halo effect, because of the breadth of that product portfolio on our organic BIM 360 products.
Scott Herren: Yes, it's neither, Zane. So, to be clear, the 20% growth in manufacturing is in line with the growth in manufacturing we've seen historically over the last two or three quarters, that we're not seeing -- even in the markets that we talked about, the three markets that we talked about having localized impact, we're showing strong double-digit growth even in Germany, which of course is a manufacturing-based economy…
Scott Herren: In ACV. So, we're not seeing that kind of -- I'm not exactly sure the math that you did there, we're not seeing -- we can pick it up offline, and we're not seeing any acceleration or deceleration, significant deceleration on the manufacturing side. Renewal rates look strong across the board. New product subscription growth with -- back to one of the questions that came up earlier was in line and actually slightly higher is what we've seen in the prior couple of quarters. So, the manufacturing space continues to perform well, and I think it's a bit of a standout relative to our peers that are far more manufacturing-focused when you look at that growth rate.
Scott Herren: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Kash, and it's a great question and I appreciate you asking it, so we can talk about it on the call, is that -- as we started to analyze, not just where we're headed in the -- with the strength of our pipeline and the overall strength in our renewal rates, which the renewal rate is becoming a bigger and bigger part of our business. Net revenue retention stayed in the same range. Renewal rates on a volume basis if anything ticked up modestly of course that picked up slightly sequentially. So, I feel good about the core business, and we talked about the Remaining Performance Obligations, even the current RPO, right? So those are -- they're going to turn into revenue in the next 12 months, growing 23% year-on-year. Who knows what the next Tweet will say, but we feel like we've built in and everything that we can see at this point. Yes.
Scott Herren: And Richard, on your stock buyback question, you're spot on, so we spent $40 million during the quarter, year-to-date we spent $140 million. There is no change in our stance on cap allocation. So we'll continue to offset the core support the growth of the company first, took offset the dilution from our equity plans and then return excess cash to shareholders. We've been doing that pretty effectively with a more opportunistic buying pattern. So, our price grid is based on some Monte Carlo modeling that we do. And during the trading blackout window, of course we have to trade under 10b5-1 plan. Our trading blackout window began in early July, right before the most recent market volatility. So the grid that we had set up didn't necessarily reflect the volatility that we round up experiencing. At this point, I think you should definitely expect us to be back in the market buying back stock.
Scott Herren: Yes, it's a great question, Tyler. I think we've graphically demonstrated pretty effectively over the last four years, sound, spend, discipline. We continue to show to demonstrate sound, spend, discipline. We've effectively kept total spend flat for -- ex the acquisitions in Q4 we have total spend flat for four consecutive years. So, there will be a bit of an opportunity for us to take up spend at the same time we're increasing margins. If you look at this year, we talk about spend growth of 9% and margin growth of 12 percentage points of margin year-on-year. I expect margin to expand again into fiscal '21, although there is some pent-up demand percent having been flat for four consecutive years or some pent-up demand. So, spending will increase current course of speed, barring something significantly different happening in the overall macro environment spending will see a little bit of an increase again in fiscal '21.
