Carl Bass: Yes, the eight-figure deal is a ratable deal, and so it will be taken over a longer period of time. The one thing we said about the changing model during this year is that promotional incentives got weaker towards the end of the year. So while we’ve exceeded it for all the quarters so far, we’re always a little bit cautious, because the incentives to do so go down. As we get to the fourth quarter, the incentive is eliminated, except for the fact that it’s expiring. So there’s less financial incentive, there’s greater time-based pressure. Trying to wrap those two together, that’s where we ended up as our guidance.
Carl Bass: The first one, for me, Keith, is getting more people on maintenance subscription is not a pull-through. And so I’ve actually had a little bit of a hard time just reckoning about that, because we have customers who were not on maintenance who are now on maintenance. It’s a big thing. Any way I look at it, I think that’s the best possible outcome for us, to get a nonsubscriber on subscription. We’ve also talked about, as we’re moving forward, that while this is a promotion for this year, we’ve talked a lot about what we’re going to do next year in terms of ending perpetual licenses. In many ways, that’s probably a bigger incentive for our customers to do something differently. And I don’t know if I can help you take the bear and put it up on the wall, mount it, and stuff it, but I think some of the arguments out there are trying to extrapolate from too few facts, or to take this one thing and say, you know, this is the only incentive program that will work with our customers. And I don’t really think that’s true.
Carl Bass: It’s richer, but it’s still heavily, heavily subscription, because that’s the one being promoted. And the others are off small bases, so we like the trajectory of the other ones, but in terms of meaningful financial contribution, it’s maintenance. And while we’ve said it may slow down going into the fourth quarter, I think the proportion will remain somewhat constant. 
Carl Bass: Why don’t we start at the back end of that question? I think we’ve demonstrated over the last few years that this investment in enterprise sales and consulting services has really paid off. We tried to demonstrate it a little bit at investor day, where we showed you not only our customers paying more, they’re using more. This has been truly a win-win situation.  We’re going to continue to invest in it and even to our channel partners, the thing I say all the time is when we win these big enterprise accounts, it’s good for the whole ecosystem. So this is not at the expense of our channel partners. Quite the contrary. It is reinforcing business for our channel partners. So we’re going to continue to invest in it. We think we’ve barely tapped into it. We outlined that we’ve had kind of in the dozens of accounts that we’re talking to with this. And there’s probably upwards of 1,000 customers who will eventually move this way. And we’re going to keep doing it. Now, one of the things also about it, just to the timing that you talked about, we have always had a lot of these deals in Q4. Last year we made a conscious effort to move some of them into Q3. For a number of reasons, we like to spread it more fully throughout the year, but it is not fully within our control. And so I suspect it will always be a little bit back end loaded throughout the year, but just in general, the two takeaways are we’re going to continue to invest, because we think it’s really good business, and the second thing is this level of flexibility with products is something we hope to offer to a broader range of our customers, not just the top thousand accounts.
Carl Bass: Yeah, and the only thing I’d add, you know, I tried to give you guys a little bit more color when a number of you were here during investor day. One of the variables that we have the knobs and dials around this are whether we do all products at the same time or stagger it, and whether we do all geographies at the same time or not. So we do have some level of control over those things. What we were more indicating is directionally, by the end of the 24 months.  I think in some ways it would just be unusual operationally to drive to a place where we get to zero license revenue in a quarter, but directionally, I think you clearly understand where we’re headed.
Carl Bass: If it turns out that somehow it’s so opaque that you’re having trouble understanding it, then we’ll provide some clues to how to do that. I hope it becomes a problem. [laughs]
Carl Bass: I know what you’re trying to do. You’re trying to trick me into giving guidance for next year. [laughter]
Carl Bass: I know that. You know what, I feel really good about the trajectory of the subs. I’d be a little hesitant to start guiding for subs for next year, but right now all I would say is all the curves on the subs look really good, and three months from now, in February, we’ll start trying to break it out. There’s nothing here that I see going in the wrong direction, but we’ll just wait the three months.
Carl Bass: Yeah, so the renewal rates are definitely being driven higher. Some is being driven programmatically, like we talked about with the end of upgrades, and some it’s just more attention to detail, if you will, about the nonrenewals. And so we’ve done a better job, we’ve put more systems in place, to track that. We’ve been [unintelligible] our partners and ourselves to do it. It’s edging up on small numbers, because [we’re at] a relatively high number, but it’s still a good direction and material.
Carl Bass: No, a lot of the trends we outlined in October are kind of continuing. And I think they’ll be relatively stable, but we’ll update them and if we see a material change we’ll talk about it. But we’re learning as we go too.
Carl Bass: As we’ve talked about, we always have the rolling hedge. We continue to have that. But FX will definitely be a headwind next year. [Or maybe it] moves the other way. If it just stayed where it is today, it’s definitely a headwind, and it gets more significant as we go out to the end of next year versus Q1 of next year.
Carl Bass: If I said that, maybe I misspoke. I thought it was the other way. Generally speaking, what I thought is you’d see, in Q3, more subscribers in the small, medium part of our business. And what we would see is more enterprise agreements in Q4. And you know, that was really our best guestimate, as I said, on those two factors of the time-based nature of expiring, yet the financial incentives were going to zero.
Carl Bass: I’m not sure if I can give you the average, but typical is a three-year agreement. So that’s a very typical agreement, is a three year.
Carl Bass: If you take out the Delcam one, which is a one-time thing, but if you look at kind of the organic, it tracks pretty closely to the way you would have seen the seasonality around revenue historically. So a little bit heavier in the last month of the quarter, but not tremendously so. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, we’re looking at a number of things. We are working the program with our customers. We’ve engaged them and are talking heavily with them. We’re working with our partners. I mean, what we intended to do, as opposed to the kind of rip off the band aid strategy, was we were going to work through this slowly and deliberately. And we’re making sure we keep the business as intact as possible as we move through what’s a fairly big transition. 
Carl Bass: When you go to Best Buy, do you buy that service contract, Jay? You know, I think there are a lot of things that we do. I mean, if they ask me one more time at checkout if I want that service contract I’m going to shoot them. [laughter] I think it’s the same thing. Remember, we’ve talked about this as we’ve reintroduced these programs, many of our customers have been buying for decades. They have a certain buying behavior. We’ve talked about, depending on the product, they may feel like the maintenance subscription is more or less valuable.  So the two biggest factors we see are the lower cost products generally have lower attach and renewal rates. And the other one is geographically, there’s wide variance between, generally speaking, developed countries and emerging economies. So those are the two biggest differences. You know, as we move forward, we hope to eliminate that choice by the combination of this year’s program and next year’s program, or over the next two-year program. We’re going to get to a place where customers are on a program with us.
Carl Bass: Yes, let me break this into two questions, which somehow you managed to put it into one. And I’m still looking for the connection. But let me just separate it. It helps my feeble mind process it.  On the ARPU conversation, we talked about value per account. Some people have asked us about ARPU. What we’ve said about ARPU, because of the “A” in there, it’s going to be really mix sensitive, and we have a wide range that’s going into that.  And we do think the distribution of it will be more helpful, or some categorization or bucketing of it is better. And I think if you do it by account, it’s a way of normalizing that is not nearly as mix sensitive. So that’s what we’ve thought about there.  Second question in my mind is about what I said is we’ve seen tremendous reception from the enterprise licenses. Customers truly appreciate the flexibility and the access to pieces of software they might not have had. We think many of our small and medium business customers will want the same thing.  You mentioned the uber suite. I think we will introduce something that is similar to giving people access to the portfolio for a fixed price. We’re not going to announce anything today, but it’s certainly directionally where we’re headed. Again, we think this is a win for everyone involved, at least while we’ve been able to manage more closely in the enterprise space. We will first broaden it there, and then secondarily, introduce it to the more general population. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, you know, the unsaid thing that I scratch my head too is kind of if you’re having such great success with it now, what took you so long? And one thing that we have seen very clearly is the buildout of capabilities of our consulting services have mattered a lot. So it’s one thing to provide access to people, but if you really want to drive usage and adoption, we need people onsite to do that, particularly in large, complex organizations. So it’s large, complex organizations that already have complicated business processes in hand, or ones like, for example, in some of the engineering construction firms, where they’re going through a transformation and adopting BIM, and they need help understanding how to best bring that into their business. And the differences in places where we have consulting versus we don’t are dramatic in terms of their adoption and in terms of the increasing value of those contracts when they get renewed. The second thing is, I think this is just one of these things, as we began to have a bigger major account presence and listen to our customers, we realized that that was happening simultaneously with the buildout of a much bigger and broader product portfolio. So if you were to roll this back five years, part of the thing was we just didn’t have as rich a set of offerings to go in with.  We now have a much richer set of offerings, and that’s true both in our AEC, [our M&E] and our manufacturing products, and we have the people who can deliver what’s really needed for the customer to be successful.  Probably the third factor is slightly more environmental, in which there’s been a conditioning in the buyers of software to look at more term-based models to look at more consumption-based models, and people are much more comfortable with that. I think when we first started, there was a little bit of a negative reaction in certain accounts.  I think what’s happened, just to give you kind of the inside and the color commentary here, is that what has happened in a number of these accounts is that people are happier. They’re okay paying more if they feel like the software is really being used. There’s always this suspicion that they were buying things that were not being fully utilized, but now because of the tokens, they feel like it’s being used. The secondary dynamic that goes on within these accounts is that they can do some kind of an internal accounting about it and charge back to the cost center that’s using it. And I think the combination of those two things, plus the accessibility of the broader portfolio is winning over. And like we showed you at investor day, it’s pretty dramatic, the increase in usage, and company satisfaction as a result of the customers who have done this.
Carl Bass: Yeah, there’s just the constant accounting, which people have tokens that they burn off. They buy what they think they need, and they eventually run out and have to buy more, a little bit more than a true up. I mean, it’s better just thinking of it as you just bought a bunch of tokens.  And I would say most people so far have guesstimated on the low side of what they need. And the reason why they guesstimate on the low side is they go out, they make the software available to the broader community, there’s more usage of it, and they end up having to go back and buy more tokens sooner than they would have otherwise thought they needed to. 
Carl Bass: Let me just use this to riff on a broader thing I’m seeing geographically, which is the Americas is strong. There are a lot of good secular trends in the U.S. They remain strong. The places like the Middle East and Russia, Russia particularly, business might even be down by half in Russia over comparable periods. Just to put it in perspective, we’ve always been very interested in the emerging economies, but they’re in the low single digit percentages. None is bigger than 3% of our revenue. But Russia and the Middle East have been clearly weak. The other places have been okay. There’s a little bit of weakness that we’ve detected in Japan, coupled with a weakening of the currency, and the currency is as big an effect right now as the actual business.  Europe, the middle of this quarter, it seemed like there was a lot of consternation about Europe. I put it in not the strength of the U.S., but relatively strong, and even some signs of increasing strength in southern Europe, which I don’t think I’ve been able to say for probably seven years. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, so we’re just beginning. We said we were going to start with LT. You know, one of the things just in general that people should think about with this, LT is a very different product than our other products. It’s a good experimentation, it’s a high volume product for us. And so far, so good in terms of the reception to it. But also, it goes through, at least on a mix basis, a different channel than some of our other products. And just in general, when people look at this, I would say what people have to understand is that there’s a difference in products between LT and others, and the other thing I would say is as we do this, just keep in mind that the programs you put in place, either when the programs are new or the products are new, are considerably different than what you do as they mature.  So there’s a fair amount of flexibility. I mean, there are a number of degrees of freedom, depending on the product and the channel and the maturity of the product. So right now, longwinded answer. The short answer is the LT one is fine, and you’ll see us continue to do this as we work our way through the entire portfolio.
Carl Bass: Two things there. One is we’ve always talked about the cloud being good for two reasons. One is for these computationally intensive tasks and the other really is the central coordinating hub for collaboration. Things like finite element analysis, computational fluid dynamics, are perfect for cloud-based computing. it works really well for those, as you say, burst, high peak demand needs. So we see it as being really good for that. It’s also, particularly as you move from the desk of the analyst to that of the engineer. In many large companies, they built out computing centers for the analysts, but not for every engineer. So it gives access for the average engineer to much more computing capability.  So we’re really happy with what we’ve seen, and I think the difference, when you look at us versus, you know, other companies in analysis and simulation, is we’re just much more focused on the engineer than the analyst, and some of the things we’re doing with the products should be viewed through that lens. 
Carl Bass: Two things, Kash. On your first question, I would say for example, forgetting everything else about the business model transition, I can’t think of a healthier way to grow your business than selling more value to your best customers.  It’s just as straightforward as that, and so call it token based or flexible licensing. Just the idea that your best customers are buying more products from you seems like everything about it is good. And in some ways, it answers your question, because the most sustainable thing is having good customers who want more products from you and are paying you more money for it.  The second thing is I think a number of people have looked and tried to draw conclusions too early in terms of the business model transition. What you saw this year was the end of a multiyear program to eliminate upgrades. What we’re heading into is a multiyear program to end perpetual licenses. At the end of that, the company is in a distinctly different place than it was when entering, where the primary means for your customers to buy things were perpetual licenses with upgrades. And you come out the other end, and everyone is in a recurring, ratable relationship with you. So I’d say that is fundamentally changing it. The difference - and I say this whether it’s Adobe or Microsoft or anyone else, or any of the born in the cloud SaaS companies - we all end up in an identical place. So you roll out three four years, and there will be virtually no difference, whether you’re talking about Salesforce or NetSuite or Workday or Autodesk or Intuit or Adobe or Microsoft.  It’s the software industry that’s changing. We’re all delivering software on the same platforms in the same way, and our customers, truthfully, are pushing us to buy it in the same way. So I think some of the distinctions in the transition maybe trying to put too fine a filter on it and trying to understand things that may not look identical in year two or year two and a half versus something else.  But if you just step back and look at the long term, you say, companies end up in the same place, we’re all selling enterprise applications that are centered around cloud, social, and mobile, and the business relationship with the customer will be a long term subscription model. And so in that way, I think is the easiest way to see the similarities.
Carl Bass: Yeah, so the first thing is, I think if you looked over any period of time, I would say there are two different things. So one I’ll get to, what costs have to change? But the first one is, the amount of revenue over time is the same, if not more. And we saw that with like the enterprise licenses. Customers are paying us more, even though there are no more up front licenses. And so the lifetime value or the value over a fixed period in time is actually higher. And I think that same trend that we see with our enterprise customers we’ll see with our other customers. As I’ve been very willing to say, repeatedly. I think the two areas where we will see a change is, one is our R&D spend is relatively high right now. We’re supporting two different technology models, a traditional desktop model and we’re building out for a SaaS infrastructure, and so we’re doing development infrastructure costs on both simultaneously. And the second one is our sales and marketing is high when you consider the total between what we spend and our various channel partners spend on sales and marketing. So I think if you combine those two, both of those, as a percentage, and certainly if you do the calculation on the overall ecosystem as opposed to us, goes down over time, and that’s how you get to 30-plus percent.
Carl Bass: Yeah, so I’ve seen more traction amongst our traditional partners around desktop subscription, because it’s the same products licensed differently. The pickup amongst our traditional partners has more variance when you get to these offerings like PLM 360 and BIM 360. So some partners have been greatly involved with it, but in other cases, we have actively gone out and recruited new partners whose business is already much more aligned with this. So some of our existing partners are much more willing to make the transformation, others… Some of these, like the PLM deals, involve large amounts of services. We’ve talked about they are million dollar deals. For some partners, that’s a little bit much. Others are reacting really well. But I would say some of our newer offerings like BIM and PLM, you will see a higher proportion of new partners entering the mix and desktop subscription. The bulk of that work will be covered by our existing partners. 
Carl Bass: No, I think if you look at next year, without getting too quantitative about it, I think with the end of perpetual licenses, you’ll see a large number of people going to desktop subscription as a result of recognizing, as they get nudged toward doing that. You’ll also see, just based on the maturing of the products, more people going to cloud-based subscriptions.  And the last one is, I think there will be a substantial number of people who move to maintenance along with perpetual licenses. For those who want to continue to buy this way, and as that’s removed, they will go buy perpetual licenses with maintenance to stay in that mode. So I think you’ll see a substantial portion of maintenance subscribers next year, but you’ll see an increasing number of desktop and cloud.
Scott Herren: It’s both. We are investing in cloud infrastructure, buildout for the business model. We’re investing in the back office system so that we can handle the higher volume of transactions. Delcam is in there, which is hitting the op margin year on year, and I think the one unique thing that we see in Q4 is some of the volume related things that hit Q4 around both commissions and variable comp for the year. So I don’t think it makes sense to break that out, but I think the way you need to think about it is it’s a combination of both. The volume-related things in Q4, and some of those trends, the investment in the business model transition, frankly, will continue in the next year. 
Scott Herren: We’re not giving guidance right now for fiscal 2016 and beyond, as you can appreciate. We’re in the midst of our fiscal 2016 planning right now. So I’m not at liberty at this point to talk about some of the longer term trends.
Scott Herren: I’ll start, and then I’ll hand back off to Carl on this. Whether it’s next year or beyond, I think what we’ve said is we’re planning to end of life perpetual license in the next 12 to 24 months, and that of course is a big driver of that license line.
Scott Herren: Yeah, thanks for that. You know, Brendan, I think it’s fairly straightforward. I know it’s a calculation that gets done today, and I think it’s not that difficult to pull it right out of the change in deferred revenue plus the announced revenues. So I don’t know that it’s that difficult a metric. It is something that we’ll talk about if it makes sense, besides guiding to a growth rate, just to start to guide to an absolute number and then report on that.
Scott Herren: I don’t actually have a plan. I would say it feels to me it’s a bit awkward to announce that, because all of the revenues there, all those enterprise agreements, are captured, or most of them are captured in the deferred revenue balance. So it feels a bit awkward that we split it out today, but I don’t have a plan to either continue to be more explicit on that or not.
Scott Herren: It’s day 14 for me today, so what I’d say on that front is obviously those investments didn’t start just this quarter, they’ve been in flight. But I think it’s a significant transition, both in building out the cloud infrastructure for the world that we envision around desktop subscriptions as well as building out the back office systems to handle the significantly higher volume of transactions. So it’s still early innings on those investments. 
Scott Herren: Yeah, if you look at our hedge program, it is layered out in time, and so obviously as the year goes on, the exposure from today goes up. But I’d say you can look at our revenue mix, you can see where we are. Obviously the euro is a significant currency for us. The yen’s a significant currency for us. And it’s something that we’ll take into account when we do provide guidance for fiscal 2016.
Scott Herren: And I think, Sterling, bear in mind these deals are largely ratable in terms of revenue. So they’ll drive a bit of lumpiness in the billing stream. It will be a little bit smoother on the revenue stream.
