Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome, everyone, to the call. Resilience, discipline and opportunity again underpinned Autodesk's strong financial and competitive performance despite continued macroeconomic policy and geopolitical headwinds. Resilience provided by our subscription business model and our product and customer diversification discipline and focus in executing our strategy and deploying capital through the economic cycle and opportunity from developing next-generation technology and services which deliver end-to-end digital transformation of our Design and Make customers and enable a better world designed and built for all. Our leading indicators remained consistent with last quarter with growing usage and record bid activity on BuildingConnected and cautious optimism from channel partners. Customers remain committed to transformation and to Autodesk leveraging automation more where they are seeing headwinds from the economy, labor shortages and supply chains. That commitment was reflected in our Q2 performance, growing adoption and token consumption within Enterprise Business Agreement and strong renewal rates. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. We were delighted that Autodesk was recently highlighted as a Best Workplace for Innovators by Fast Company. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. No real big surprises. Saket I mean - Debbie flagged last quarter that we might see some customers reverting back to annual contracts as a result of the change. We did see that. Nothing really out of bound zone, nothing really surprising. Debbie, do you want to add anything to the details or...
Andrew Anagnost: So let's talk about the Flex experiment and the things you were doing with - I think with Flex last. First off, Flex because it's like a consumption-based model, and it involves usage of various different products - it really - it's really incredibly helpful for the customer for us to be able to have a much more direct relationship with the customer with regards to that offering. Because that way we're able to offer a lot more visibility to how they're using the offering, what they're using, when they're using it, how much they're consuming, and actually help them get the most out of the offer. So, what we've done over the last year is we've proved out a new transaction model working with our partners, and rolling out across various regions that is supporting Flex, and that is a much more direct transaction model. Through that process, we've learned a lot. We've gained a lot of knowledge. We've addressed a lot of issues both systems-wise and process-wise. And we are now in a position with Flex to start growing, and expanding that model at greater and greater volume. And that's exactly what's happening with Flex. The volume of Flex is increasing, increasing, and we're doing it reliably, repeatedly and in a pretty positive way. Where we go from here depends solely on how we watch these things evolve and what the benefits of this transaction model for us. And all options are open to us in the future, but that's where we are right now. We've perfected what we've done on the Flex.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, at a high level, one of the things I'm really excited about the thing with a really long name. The advanced digital construction management system program that the U.S. government rolled out, that is the program related to the money that's designed to help department of transportation look at their infrastructure, look at their processes, and start modernizing their digital processes around design and construction of infrastructure. That's an important step in getting a lot of these Department of Transportations to really start thinking about how they get ready to spend more money on infrastructure, and do it better and address the serious capacity challenges we have around materials, manpower, and dollars with regards to what we have to do. So pretty excited about, that because that's an open door to having new conversations with these departments about how they do things. Our focus has not changed. We are very much focused on water and road and rail, and we continue to innovate and drive improvements in those areas. I think our biggest differentiator is what we bring to market as a modern architecture. We bring to market more cloud-based solutions, more owner-based solutions for managing the infrastructure once you have it, and really just more technology that sits together in different ways. So, we're looking forward to having that discussion with the Department of Transportation over the next months and coming years. And I think you're going to start to see real change in some of those organizations.
Andrew Anagnost: I think one of the things that you said, and I want to reinforce it, is that - we are diversified across all sectors of making things. Everything that gets made, we're involved in. It's not just AUC, it's buildings, it's bridges, it's car, it's electronics. And of course, it's film and game. So just remember, we're diversified across all of those segments. What's different now, and I think it's important to recognize this. Is that the AEC industry as a whole is chasing productivity and digitization gains, the entire industry, from construction, all the way through to any design in every part of the process in between, engineering and all the things associated with that. So that fundamental change is creating long-term pull for what we're doing. And what we're doing is we're connecting the design, and make processes across that industry together in the cloud in unique and highly integrated way. So that people can do things faster, more sustainably and with greater - with lower risk and better outcomes. That fundamental shift is very different than what we've seen before. And that's going to - we're going to be riding that fundamental shift for quite a few years.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So you've hit one thing right there, right? People are still in post-production right now for the existing book that post production overhang will continue for a little while. If the strike continues for months on end, we will likely see an increased impact on our media and entertainment business. It's still growing now. It definitely slowed down in Q2, but it's still growing. So as we look forward, your guess is as good as mine about how long this strike will go on. But I do remind you our exposure to media entertainment is relatively small compared to the other parts of our business. But there's no doubt that an extended strike could have an impact on that business.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Tyler. Happy to clarify that. So look, what we did in Q1 is we merged the Autodesk Construction Solutions sales force with the mainline sales force. This was with the objective of long-term accelerating business growth in that area, particularly in our design-centric accounts. So we wanted to keep the contractor and subcontractor power of the ACS team and combine it with the teams that are focused on some of our design accounts as well. We expected some bumps in doing that because you have to realign account assignments, you have to realign players and who's in charge of what. We've seen a lot of those bumps get smoothed out into Q2. So we're seeing a return to expected patents. We've lost no business during the process. As I told you - as I told you earlier in the opening commentary, when we talked about - when I talked about things like Shook, the general contractor in Ohio. We're winning - we're continuing to win these contractors. Primarily, one of the things we hear a lot is the pricing predictability associated with our offering and the ability to show them a path not only to a stable pricing model, which customers really like and increasingly see a viable and strong alternative to project management and what ACS offers, but also in terms of the integration between design and banking. I expect the consolidation of the sales force is to continue to further accelerate the construction business moving forward as we continue to work this through. So progress in the right direction, and we can expect to see more progress.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I mean, look, look at the news, right, all you get is increasing evidence that most regions and municipalities need to reevaluate their water management, both at a sewage level and a treatment level infrastructure. So that has fundamentally not changed. And we haven't yet seen the increase in project actually starting projects in that area. But what we are seeing is people buying ahead of demand. So we actually saw a lot of strength with Innovyze in our EBAs in our large accounts, which is an important precursor to some of the larger efforts that might go on moving forward. But no floodgates have opened up yet, no pun intended from my side. But we still see the exact same pattern we've talked about.
Andrew Anagnost: To be honest, you shouldn't, okay? This is some of the conversations we had during the housing crisis, like, how should we think about Autodesk relative to the housing. And the question is, you shouldn't, all right? The amount of things that need to be built and rebuilt in our customer base is ginormous, all right? They don't have current capacity, either people-wise, dollar-wise or capability-wise, to actually work through all the things that are going on. So the momentum of the industry pivots to other areas. Now even if you look at commercial real estate, people are still reconfiguring commercial real estate within the segment in order either to make it more attractive to a shrinking pool of renters or to repurpose that space to other uses. But in terms of exposure to Autodesk, you got to be careful about overblowing that because the money always goes somewhere else. There's always a lot of work to be done in other sectors. That just means that people that were traditionally bidding on commercial real estate projects are now bidding and engaging on other types of projects.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we are an acquisitive company. We will continue to be an acquisitive company. We always like when the environment gets more attractive for acquisitions, but we are always looking to make sure that a potential acquisition is strategically aligned with our priorities. That means that it's either accelerating an effort that we're currently working on or bringing us into an adjacency that we weren't working on but that we see as an attractive place. Timing matters as well in terms of what timing is right for us to do these things that we keep the business reasonably focused on the things that are important and don't try to juggle 18 balls at once, right? But we will continue to be acquisitive, and we have the cash flow and balance sheet ability here to do whatever we need to do in terms of strategic fit and expansion that we're interested in moving forward. So don't expect any change. In terms of learning, look, you always learn, you can integrate some of the back office faster, all right? There's a [indiscernible] and all these things is integrate sales and back office infrastructure quicker and you go faster.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It depends on the sector. But honestly, in construction and manufacturing, you're seeing - they're still seeing challenges with hiring, right? It's one of the big things we hear from them is their ability to not only find but retain talent, especially qualified talent. So hiring continues to be an issue on the execution side of our customers, primarily towards the mix side.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, we had a small increase in the midpoint of the guide. The dollar change was immaterial it's tough really to come up with a mix of assumptions that get us to the low end of our previous guidance range. So, the midpoint increase reflects a mix of both organic and FX assumptions. Overall, the business is tracking generally in line with our expectations.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. I would say the initial rollout of the new billings model is going well. The systems are working, customer and partner behavior is pretty much as we expected. As Andrew mentioned, we are seeing a small proportion of our customers choose annual contracts versus multiyear contracts billed annually, but generally, we expected a bit of that, and the performance has been in line with our expectations. And remember, if customers choose annual contracts, it doesn't impact the P&L. It only impacts unbilled and total RPO. It's still early days. We're monitoring it closely. And I think it just continues to be a good example of how we're working to optimize the business. It's about reducing the volatility of our cash flow while simultaneously giving our customers, the purchasing pattern that they want. And then finally, I'd say that there's no change in how we expect the transition to impact our cash flow outlook.
Debbie Clifford: I think, Adam, you were coming - in and out a little bit, but I think I got the bulk of what you were saying. So just stop me if I'm missing something. But in terms of the EBA behavior. Really, what we saw was driven by them. Our customers were managing their own budgets and cash flow. And so, their desire to get early billings for frankly, higher usage of their tokens was driven by their own - behavior, which we see as a real positive sign for us in engaging with those enterprise customers. They're seeing strong usage of our portfolio, and they're continuing to invest in their relationship with us. And those billings boosted our total billings, revenue, and free cash flow during the quarter. So overall, I think it's a win-win. There was a second part, I think, to your question.
Debbie Clifford: Not something we can quantify for you, Adam, but I would just reiterate the fact that we do see it as a real positive that for the first two quarters of the year-to-date that we're seeing strong usage, and that's already leading to early billings. So a positive from our standpoint overall.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks, Tyler. So the EBA usage was strong, and we've been tracking it for the year-to-date. It wasn't necessarily stronger than our expectations, however. So to clarify, it's really more than anything it's a timing difference. We were expecting that the revenue would hit in Q4 and it hit in Q2. But the fact that our customers are using more than they had anticipated the onset of the contracts is a good thing. It's just that we've been tracking it. We've known about it for the year-to-date, and we just saw the invoices in Q2 versus Q4. In terms of the constant currency guide, the range, it was impacted really by rounding. The dollar change was immaterial. And overall, the business is tracking generally in line with our expectations.
Debbie Clifford: So to clarify, these contracts, they were not contracts that were renewed. We're expecting that these contracts will be renewed in Q4 per our normal cycles. What happened is that these customers have been using ahead of the usage that was built into their original contracts. And so what we saw in Q2 was billings for the overuse versus the original contracts. But we still expect the renewals will occur in Q4.
Debbie Clifford: We're certainly hopeful that, that trend continues. We see it as a very positive sign that our customers are asking for early billings because they're using our products more than they anticipated, and they're using the broad breadth of the portfolio. The other thing I would say is that the usage that was built into these contracts when they were originally signed. Remember, this was three years ago, at the onset of the pandemic. And so the usage in those contracts might have been a bit lower just given the environment in which those contracts were renewed. And so as we start to come out of the pandemic, we're seeing more and more usage. We've talked about usage being broadly speaking for Autodesk, but also for our EBAs being a good leading indicator, and that usage continues to increase. I don't have a crystal ball, Michael. I wish I did. I could tell you for sure that the usage would continue to go up in the back half of the year, but we're certainly hopeful and all signs are leading in that direction.
Debbie Clifford: We're not commenting on Q3 at this point. Overall, the performance that we saw from our EBAs in Q2 is really strong, and we're hopeful that it will continue.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So Q2 was strong, primarily because of the timing of the EBA billings that I've been talking about as well as some favorable in-quarter linearity. So the linearity that we saw was better than we had expected. And then when we look at the back half of the year, second half free cash flow will be significantly weighted to the fourth quarter. I've called out the federal tax payment extension that positively impacted the first half free cash flow, and it will negatively impact Q3. Overall, we still anticipate that fiscal '24 is going to be the free cash flow trough during this transition from upfront annual billings.
Debbie Clifford: The overall market conditions, new subs, momentum in the business was similar to last quarter. We talked about leading indicators being consistent with last quarter, growing usage, record bid activity on BuildingConnected ,cautious optimism from our channel partners. Beyond that, I would just add that our regional performance was broadly similar to what we've seen for several quarters. direct business, including enterprise and eStore as well as India actually were bright spots for us, but they were offset by some tougher patches like China as well as the softer performance that we talked about in M&A.
Debbie Clifford: So remember what we said last quarter was that we saw a slight dip after we stopped selling the multiyear contracts upfronts, but then it recovered as we exited the quarter and as we got into early Q2, and we saw that consistently throughout Q2.
Debbie Clifford: So the early billings that we talked about for EBAs are what drove the revenue beat versus our guide. But when you think about that beat on a dollar basis in comparison to the totality of our AEC business, the AEC business is vastly larger. So it's not a big driver of the overall trend that we're seeing in AEC, but it was the driver of EBA.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So starting with cash, it's due to the performance that we saw in Q2. So I talked a little bit earlier in this Q&A session about the EBA billings that we saw in Q2 as well as the favorable in core linearity. So those were drivers of the difference that you saw in our cash flow guidance. And then in terms of EPS, the other income is due to higher interest income from our cash balances.
Debbie Clifford: We're not going to guide on a quarterly basis for free cash flow, but I'll try to be helpful. I just want to reiterate some of the comments. So remember that second half free cash flow is going to be significantly weighted into the fourth quarter. And the biggest driver of that is the extension of our federal tax payments that had a positive impact on the first half but are going to negatively impact Q3. So think about that as you put your model together.
