Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon. And welcome, everyone, to the call. We finished the year strongly, delivering 40% constant currency revenue growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. Resilience, discipline and opportunity again underpinned our robust financial and competitive performance. Autodesk's resiliency comes from its subscription business model and its product and customer diversification, which balances growth across different regions and industries. Renewal rates remained strong. And new business growth and leading indicators were consistent with recent quarters. Despite ongoing macroeconomic policy and geopolitical headwinds, we saw growing usage, record big activity on BuildingConnected and cautious optimism from channel partners. Disciplined and focused execution and strategic capital deployment through the economic cycle enables Autodesk to realize the significant benefits of its strategy, while mitigating the risks of having to make expensive catch-up investments later on. With the new transaction model, we are approaching the final phase of modernizing our go-to-market motion, which has involved updating our infrastructure, retiring old system to end business models, and building more durable and direct relationships with our customers and ecosystem. At the same time, we are advancing a multi-year process to develop lifecycle solutions within and between our industry clouds, powered by shared platform services and with Autodesk's data model at its core. Together, these will enable Autodesk, its customers, and partners to create more valuable, data-driven and connected products and services. Having led the industry in general design, we are leading again in 3D generative AI. Autodesk is getting closer to a transformational leap where Autodesk AI is to [three] (ph) design and make where ChatGPT is to language. Our new multimodal foundation models will enable design and make customers to automate low-value and repetitive tasks and generate more high-value complex designs more rapidly and with much greater consistency. We can already generate 3D representations from images 10 times faster and with faster higher-quality and currently available through the AI. We're bolstering our homegrown capabilities and data with partnerships and acquisitions in existing and adjacent verticals. Our recent bidirectional integration of fusion with cadence and the acquisition of payouts are good examples. Discipline and focus on executing our strategy and deploying capital also underpin our opportunity. Our go-to-market and platform initiatives will drive even greater operational velocity and efficiency within Autodesk, which will free up further resources to invest in our industry clouds and capabilities, including AI and sustained margin improvement. And with a modernized go-to-market motion, lifecycle solutions and platform services, Autodesk will fulfill its potential to break down the silos within and between manufacturing, AEC and media entertainment, enabling our customers to unleash their data and design a better world built for all. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for fiscal 2025, I'll then come back to update you on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So first off, Saket, let me make it clear that, it’s our intent to be the market leader in generative AI, just like we were in generative design over 10 years ago. So we intend to lean into this pretty heavily. Our AI lab has been in existence since 2018, it's been where some of the core research that's contributing to some of the things I talked about in the opening commentary came from. But also, we've been delivering AI in our products for several years now -- we just released drawing automation into Fusion, which allows people to automate manufacturing drawing stacks, which is a very labor intensive effort, and it's a high productivity driver for our customers. So, in terms of what our customers are saying to us. One, they're looking for the productivity increases. They're asking what are they going to look like, what kind of productivity increases are you going to deliver to this, and how are you going to use our data to deliver those productivity increases. Now, in terms of how we're going to do this is, there's two avenues that we're going to be approaching here. One is going to be more disruptive to how our customers work and the other one is going to be basically automating the capabilities and workflows they have today. We have to do both. Both have different value levers, both will have different adoption curves. Some of the things I talked about in the opening commentary about some of our new tools for generating 3D models from photographs or for incomplete 3D models, those are disruptive approaches that set up initial model ideas for our customers and allow them to do things initially with a blank slate kind of concept, where they create a model from specifications and requirements. We haven't released any of that yet, we will at some point release that to a private beta. But right now it's just something we're really proud of and we think is really important. That's an important disruptive technology. The other technologies are also going to look a lot like what we did with Fusion drawing automation. There are going to be tools that take the complexity of delivering and creating a 3D model and all of its outputs to a process and take it from months to weeks or sometimes even days and that's going to make customers who are currently using these tools maybe slower in the adoption of more disruptive tools, incredibly more productive. Both avenues are valid, both are important, and both are areas that we're focusing on.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Thanks, Adam, for that question. First off, let me just reinforce something here, because I want to make sure that we're all on the same page here about why we're doing this, right? This is a critical part of a relentless, ongoing modernization of Autodesk business, getting us ready for the long term success we expect in a world of AI driven, cloud-based solutions for design to make lifecycles, right? It's a necessary step in this. It's the last big one in our journey of all the ones we've done at this point, and it really has some big benefits for our customers, long term. One, it's going to allow us to understand them a lot better in ways that we can't currently understand them because don't have the full account record of what the customer is doing. Two, it's going to allow us to deliver a lot more self service capability to these customers. And three, it's going to turn our partner channel into design made collaborators and consultants for our customers with their own unique IP and their own services and away from transaction partners. So it's critical that we kind of get on the same page of that. With regards to Australia, we actually did learn a lot, right? Mostly about the transactions at this point because it was only for a quarter and a little bit. It didn't necessarily have direct impacts on customer behavior. But what we did learn we've now put into the process. In fact, we actually delayed our US rollout by 30 days based on some of the learnings during the Australian process. We changed our roadmap for some of the capabilities, updated and upgraded some of the capabilities in the transaction systems to kind of correspond with some things we saw in Australia. And we also kind of delivered some new enablement materials for partners and frankly for customers as well, so they understand how this transaction model impacts their relationship with Autodesk. So we definitely took the learnings to the bank to make sure that we were better prepared and we even gave ourselves a little bit more time, based on what we learned to finish up a few things that we think are going to be impactful.
Andrew Anagnost: Yea, so you'll probably hear us use the word -- name Innovyze a lot less and talk a little bit more about Autodesk Construction or water solutions moving forward, all right. So I just want to be clear about that. Water is and has been a big part of our EBA successes. Larger customers are adding water solutions. I think there's an obvious reason for that. Water is just as important as it was before, if not more so. I think you're probably aware that in California, we just had yet another kind of flood where people didn't expect to have floods in San Diego and that's all because water management infrastructure is moving water in the wrong places. So people need to build and rebuild water infrastructure of all types, water scarcity, water purity, all of these things. Water is going to be a big business moving into the future and it's continued to enhance some of our EBAs with that respect. Since you mentioned infrastructure in general, I just want to kind of point a little bit to something that you heard in the opening commentary about PennDOT, all right. I think that's a really important story about what's going on there. Why is PennDOT choosing our solutions? What's going on? Because of the infrastructure bill and some of the money that was put in the infrastructure bill to help some of these Departments of Transportation understand how to invest in the future, PennDOT looked at its portfolio of tools, they looked at the future, they looked at what they need going out 10 years, 20 years in the future, what kind of modern stacks they want to work on, and they chose to move to our solutions and incorporate more of our solutions in their environment. That's an important first step in what we're trying to do. We want to be part of modernizing these Departments of Transportation with the kind of modern staff that we've created in the end-to-end design to make solutions. That's another vector here to pay attention to as the infrastructure boom kind of continues to roll out into the United States.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Jay, obviously the modernization of Autodesk and its back office infrastructures isn't just about rolling out the new transaction model and the kind of the nuts and bolts of that. It's actually about increasing our internal capacity to do these things at scale, which is exactly what we were trying to test in Australia, in the various environments and that we've been testing since then. So, we are very confident that we've not only built a transaction environment, but a cascading set of capabilities that allow us to scale significantly as we move forward. Because you're right, we intend to get deeper and deeper into people's design and make processes and that's going to increase the amount of subscriptions that are being used downstream in other types of make processes and we have to be able to operate at scale. So this is not just a new transactional model modernization effort. It's a full scale modernization effort inside of Autodesk that captures all aspects of this. And the good thing about the cascading rollout, the way we're doing it this year with the US first, is again we're going to get yet another test on the volume and capacity of the systems that allows us to understand where we're at before we go live with the next level of rollout and volume capture. But just know that this is more than just a transaction model. It is a full scale modernization of what's going on under the hood at Autodesk.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so I'll just hit a few here okay. First off, in manufacturing, the critical thing that really needs to happen this year for Fusion, for example, is we have to improve our capability to help move Fusion from small teams in the design and make part of the business, all the way up to supporting full scale engineering team. So basically scaling the size of installations inside of our customer base with Fusion. That's going to be through a combination of things we do with our cloud based data management solutions as well as some of our AI-based solutions which basically attract people to the product because of the productivity enhancement. But that is definitely an important effort. There's a second ancillary effort with regards to the Fusion around ensuring that our partnerships with companies like Cadence and the internal EDA capabilities we built in the Fusion set us up for a boom in smart products. We want to be the solution that people choose for smart products. We built enough capability into Fusion that people can get a certain way end-to-end with Fusion and we're partnering to make sure that when things get more sophisticated, we're able to move up into the more sophisticated processes associated with these smart products. Now, when it comes to Forma, Forma and Fusion kind of dance together here and one of the things that -- it's really important to do as we move into this year is make sure that Forma and Revit play together as our customers try to move forward as they adopt Fusion and also as they use Revit more collaborative in the cloud, that these two products work together in some way, that they exchange data and interoperate in ways that nobody else can achieve. Because the truth of the matter is, the work that people are doing with Revit isn't going away. It's a huge amount of what they do and we need to make sure that, that work is more efficient in a formal world. So, look for us to not only increase the capabilities of Forma, but increase its relationship with Revit as well, which I think is really important. The last thing I'll say, just around media and entertainment is, we have to continue to take what we're doing with regards to moving beyond post production special effects into full production management, script-to-screen capabilities for our customers in the filmmaking industry and make some of that real with the flow platform and that's really the big goal for the media entertainment team, is to make flow real this year and help our customers really see possibilities of integrating new types of complex solutions on top of a single production management environment.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, so since you opened up the door there, let's talk a little bit about construction in general, because I think it's important to kind of highlight what's been going on there. We had a great EBA quarter for construction. Construction saw strong growth in our largest accounts, which is really important for the long term health of construction. And at a really high level we also saw an increase in $100,000 deals and $1 million deals both in the US and internationally and that's really important. And this is where -- one of the things where Payapps comes in, right? Remember, we're going end-to-end with our solutions here from design all the way to make. And we want to make sure that we get into the preconstruction planning and other types of our customers processes. It takes 83 days for our customers to process payments in their environment that's just too long. Now, we're not getting into the transaction business. What we're doing is, we're getting into the business of helping them automate and track those payments across their entire life cycle so that they can get, quicker return, reduce that 83 days to be faster, and increase their cash flows. This has to be something we tightly integrate into our solution. So, we intend to tightly integrate this in just like we rebuilt some of the other solutions we acquired previously into what is today Autodesk Build, which is a new modern platform for doing some of these things. So we thought it was very important to own this so that we can integrate it. And then we went out there and we bought a premium asset. It's a leader. It's a global leader in payment processors. It's not a small company, it's not what we could afford, it's what we needed. And I think that's really important. So, when we look forward at construction right now, we see tools like this being critical as well as our pre-construction tools and we actually see the deal cycles maybe getting a little longer, but we're competing head-to-head a lot more. And I want to again highlight that Fortis deal out of Oregon, which was a head-to-head competitive deal with a pilot period that ended up going fully to Autodesk. So what we see right now in our business is building momentum driven by the end-to-end solution and kind of acquisitions, like Payapps as well. So, when we look forward into next year, we don't see deceleration of the business, we see acceleration.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, as you know, last year was the full year of integrating the sales force back into the mainline sales force. We went through some of the integration efforts to do that. There were obviously some slowdowns in the business related to integration of those things. Those things are past us now, the business is fully integrated. It's starting the year off, not only fully integrated from the get-go, but with all of the processes, plans and capabilities all lined up according to how we want to grow the business heading into the year. And one of the things I wanted you to notice in my previous commentary is that, we're seeing deal activity going up. So, the pipeline is actually firming up really well and we're in more deals and some of these deals are more competitive, but we embrace that because when we're in a competitive deals, that means we're showing up in places we weren't showing up before because people are calling us in. That's a really important part of this whole entire process. People are starting to ask themselves what solution do they need for the next 10 years, 15 years versus what's available out there today. And the end-to-end capabilities we're delivering, especially leaning more heavily into our preconstruction capabilities, which lock in a lot of the cost and complexity and risk of a construction project, this is where we're leaning into this year and this is where we're going to be driving the growth. So I think we're past integration issues moving forward into pure execution at scale inside the mainline salesforce. The EBA success is a great example of that.
Andrew Anagnost: We are not seeing a decline in our growth rates because of any pressure out there associated with engineers. As a matter of fact, one of the things that's really important because we're moving into design and make processes, we have a pretty broad swath of people that we're able to touch. Also, we continue to displace competitive products, especially with Fusion in the manufacturing space. So, we're not seeing that kind of effect declining bases. We do see customers at times optimizing their installations with Autodesk to try to right size things, but not because they're downsizing their employment base.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So let's start first with what we did. So there's a couple of things that are going on. We did about a 3 point increase for market factors and then we did a 5% increase for renewals. With market factors this was something that we've been talking about for a while. Our goal is to streamline pricing around the world. And then for the renewals price change before the increase, we had a 10 point price differential between new and renewal and with this move to agency or the move to the new transaction model, we don't see as much of a need for that delta. In Q4 what we did was, we moved up the timing of the price increase so that we could better sequence things with the new transaction model coming and that led to some early renewals down the stretch. That's part of what gave an extra point of growth to current RPO. But the price increase overall was most helpful to billings, but it wasn't material to revenue and free cash flow.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks. So, we continue to target that 10% to 15% revenue growth algorithm and you're right, the midpoint for fiscal 2025 was right at that 10% coming off a year where we did 13% growth in constant currency. And really what we've said is that where we end up in that 10% to 15% range is going to be contingent upon the macroeconomic backdrop that we operate in, as well as our ability to harvest the opportunities that we have before us across AEC, manufacturing and so on. And so, the things that we're watching as we proceed through this year with that 10% midpoint are some of the things that we've been talking about for a while now. So, new business growth is really important indicator of future revenue performance for the company and we said in this last quarter that new business growth grew, but it was relatively soft, consistent with what we had seen over the previous several quarters. So, definitely being impacted by macro and that's one of the factors that's driving the 10% revenue growth midpoint in fiscal 2025, so we'll continue to watch that closely. We also watch product usage, we watch bidding activity on our BuildingConnected platform, and we stay close to our channel partners, try and understand what they're seeing in terms of their demand. So those are the things that we're going to be watching to see how this year progresses and beyond.
Debbie Clifford: Nothing's changed Joe. So we said that we anticipate that cash flow would grow greater in fiscal 2026 than what we saw in fiscal 2025. And when you think about modeling the growth rate, just remember that you have to remove the $200 million in fiscal 2024 before we stopped selling multi-year contracts upfront.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So the early renewal cohort didn't have any impact to revenue really, that had more of an impact on billings than it would have on revenue. And then the strength that we saw in enterprise represented about 1 point of growth.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, we typically are trying to target roughly 50-50 split of growth coming from volume and it's either price mix or margin basically, partner margin is how we think about it. So, across volume and price, again, our target is to do roughly 50-50 in fiscal 2025 that would continue to be our goal. Now there's certainly years where it's going to vacillate between one or the other and we've talked about how this past year our new business was growing slower than we would anticipate in a more normal macroeconomic environment. As we look ahead, we're hoping to get that growth coming from roughly equally across those two, volume and price. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Debbie Clifford: So what we talked about was a point of headwind from FX, a point of headwind from the absence of EBA true-ups, half a point of tailwind from acquisitions, and a point of tailwind from the new transaction model. So the net effect of that is half a point. So, yes.
Debbie Clifford: We'll continue to watch that new business grow. That's something that we're laser focused on and if macroeconomic conditions were to shift, then that would be probably one of the first things that we'd be impacted and that can take us to the lower end of the range. We're watching end market demand pretty closely so that's why we talk about bid activity on BuildingConnected and it continues to be at record highs. But of course, if that were to take a turn, that can have an impact on us. And then we monitor these sentiment that we're hearing from our channel partners to understand how they're seeing end market demand and what the impacts might be for our business. So, those are the types of things that could inform whether or not we would be at the lower end of the range.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. And sorry to go back to the last question, because there's a lot of moving parts here, and it has been confusing. So for revenue in the guide, it's 1 point of headwind from FX, 1 point of headwind from the absence of EBA true-ups, 0.5 point of tailwind from the acquisitions, and 1 point of tailwind from the new transaction model, which is a net negative. So net 0.5 negative headwind as we look into the guide for fiscal 2025.
Debbie Clifford: Yeah, there's definitely mix effects. And like I said, our target is to have it be roughly 50-50 between volume and price. But in any given year, we're going to have some puts and takes between that. But when we think about our guidance for fiscal 2025, we're targeting that 50-50 mix again.
Debbie Clifford: So a couple of things. So first sorry, you were a little bit garbled and coming through, so we didn't quite get the first question and we'll go ahead and try and take those in the callbacks. But when we think about the new transaction model and the $600 million, I think the most important things to take away are the $600 million is a good number to model with. As you think about how to model the business during the transition and the pace at which you'll see the new transaction model cost, that $600 million bleed into revenue and expense over time is really going to be dictated by the pace of the rollout. And so, think of it as something that's going to be bleeding into revenue and expense over the next couple of years.
Debbie Clifford: So the act of transitioning, the invoicing will take approximately two years to complete. But remember that we recognize revenue over approximately one year. So it's going to be a little past that when the invoices at the higher amount bleed into revenue.
Debbie Clifford: Our goal would be to drive greater growth from the make revenue line. That's going to be an important aspect of our ability to achieve our target 10% to 15% growth algorithm over time and it's an area where we've been making incremental investments. So, we anticipate that, that revenue growth rate is going to be higher than the core business.
