Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Autodesk’s strong financial and competitive performance in fiscal 2023, despite macroeconomic, policy, geopolitical and pandemic headwinds, is a testament to three enduring strengths: resilience, opportunity, and discipline. While we fell short of the fiscal ‘23 goals we set in 2016, our resilient business model and geographic, product, and customer diversification enabled us to deliver strong growth and report record fourth quarter and full-year revenue, GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flow. The sum of our revenue growth and free cash flow margin, a hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world, was 55% for the year. As we deliver next-generation technology and services to our customers, the transformation within and between the industries we serve will accelerate, generating significant new growth opportunities for Autodesk. We started seeing the shift towards connected digital workflows in the cloud in product design and manufacturing, then in architecture, followed by building engineering, and more recently construction. And we are now seeing growing momentum with owners.  For example, in Q4 our partner, BLAM BIM, Launch Alliance, was selected by a consortium of 20 U.S. states, led by the Iowa Department of Transportation, to facilitate the migration from legacy 2D project delivery processes to data-rich BIM delivery processes, which are more efficient and sustainable. In anticipation of this, the Departments of Transportation involved are also completely reimagining project delivery and developing open standards for all infrastructure projects. Together, these 20 states encompass more than 60% of the U.S. population. Over time, we expect more states and more owners across the globe to connect more workflows in the cloud.  Finally, our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused capital deployment through the economic cycle. This enables Autodesk to remain sufficiently well invested to realize significant benefits of its strategy while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments in the future. Of course, discipline and focus mean not only consistent investment, but also constant optimization to ensure investment levels remain proportionate and directed at our largest opportunities.  For example, Autodesk BIM Collaborate Pro for Civil 3D, which enables much more efficient collaboration on civil infrastructure projects, saw further significant enhancements in Q4. To support our work with public sector owners in the United States, Autodesk for Government expects to achieve FedRAMP Moderate Authorization soon, meaning that, through our partnership with the General Services Administration, customers will be able to start using our industry-leading cloud collaboration and document management tools that meet key security standards for U.S. Government projects.  I’m also pleased to report that Innovyze had a record quarter, driven by adoption in a growing proportion of our Enterprise accounts, which contributed over a million dollars in four deals. Infrastructure is but one part of an expanding opportunity for Autodesk. There are so many more, and we’ll tell you about them at our Investor Day on March 22. But you can see some of the fruits of that opportunity already. We signed our largest-ever EBA in the fourth quarter, encompassing more personas and connecting more workflows in the cloud to drive efficiency and sustainability. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. Great. So I like the way you highlighted. This is an evolution. We've been evolving in a particular direction over time. Obviously, several years back, I talked about the 50-50 mix of direct and indirect and we've been driving a lot of growth in direct channels. We've been driving a lot of growth in direct enterprise business, and all of these things kind of like weave together into a longer-term plan. And now what you're seeing is doing is we're driving a lot more direct engagement with some of our value-added resellers. So some of the changes that you saw in there are preset staging more and more direct engagement with our value-added resellers and less, but smaller engagements and fewer engagements between intermediates and our value-added resellers, which makes total sense between the systems evolutions we've been executing on in the direction we're going. So long-term, we're still driving towards that same type of balance that we've been talking about. But as our systems improve, we're looking for different types of engagement models with our value-added reseller channel.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks. Jay, your comment on statements, all right? As you know, and I know you're aware, as we look at the various segments you do business in, we're moving in a situation where we're getting deeply entrenched in both the design and make side of our customers' business. So we also pay attention to the fact that even within manufacturing and AEC and all these things, we're going to be adding a lot more subscribers in some of the downstream processes in other parts of the process, which is going to be an important engine even within some of the segments that you discussed. And I know you're aware of that. I just wanted to reinforce it a little bit.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So it's very early in the migration. But in general, Innovyze had a record quarter. And the biggest thing that was driving some of that record growth is that now Innovyze can be incorporated into a lot of our enterprise business agreements and in some of our engagement with our largest accounts. And guess what, there's a hunger for the solution. So there's a lot more direct engagement with customers around Innovyze that's really propelling the growth right now. We're still very much in the early stages of activating our channel. So we've activated our major accounts team, and we're still working to activate our channel. And the subscription transition, super early stages just starting, and that we'll give you updates on that as time goes on.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So actually, there's pretty consistent customer behavior across segments and sizes of customers. So there's not any kind of switching behavior or downgrading behavior. And Flex tends to be to a large measure, and its very early days with Flex, tends to be incremental to our business rather than detrimental to our business. So in general, we're not seeing any kind of changes in mix as things go on. I will say, from a segment perspective, while all the segments grew, our larger customers grew faster than our smaller ones, but everybody was growing.
Andrew Anagnost: Joe, I think that's a very astute question. And I think you're pointing to some of the important things about what we're doing with public sector in general. You probably noticed in the opening commentary, our comments about FedRAMP things associated with that. All of these things, FedRAMP, are engagement with the infrastructure partner and DOTs that I talked about in the opening communicator, all of these are part and parcel of laying the groundwork for more and more modernization inside of these department of transportation and larger owners in terms of infrastructure, federal owners, European owners as well. All of that will continue to build out in a way very similar to what you described in terms of entering into construction. It's a longer-term play. It will take time. So it's still early innings in all of these things. But you can see increasing activity specifications coming out more and more within the Department of Transportation community and a desire to modernize the stacks. And that's a big push right now. A lot of these DOTs they're stuck in a different era of software and solutions, and they're looking to modernize and this isn't just true in the U.S. It's also true in Europe. We're engaging in more and more discussions with countries in the European Union about some of the BIM standards they're trying to drive into their infrastructure projects. And that's going to have a compounding effect on how people want to engage with different kinds of solutions in the infrastructure space, but still early journey.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So there's no change in our approach to non-compliance, right? As I've said in many times, and I want to keep reinforcing, we continue to develop efficiencies. We continue to be able to identify to higher precision, who is actually non-compliant and who actually isn't and we're building up a steady base of business as we move forward. But we're not looking to accelerate it or push it harder or drive it in any particular direction.  We're just allowing it to be kind of a steady incremental growth engine within our business and kind of continue to deliver year after year after year. And that will continue to be our strategy. One, we think it's the right thing to do for the company, the right thing to do for our customers. It gives our customers time to get themselves compliant because just the fact that we're out there engaged in compliance activity encourages people to ask themselves if they should be compliant there's other business levers here. And the more carefully we do this and the more incrementally, we do this, the better the outcome is for the entire ecosystem.  So no real change in how we're approaching that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So ChatGPT has obviously given a massive amount of validation to the potential of AI. It is a particular horizontal solution, and we intend to leverage that horizontal solution in some of our solutions. In fact, you're probably aware that Microsoft and Satya Nadela himself demoed a natural language processing tool for generating manuscripts for both direct to my and for Fios, and it works fabulously, right? These are things that provide real leverage to our customers. However, one of the things I really want you to be aware of, Matt, is that the real vertical value comes when we start training on data that is directly used by our customers to do particular things or design or build something. And that comes at the user productivity level, the company productivity level and the ecosystem productivity level. And that's going to unlock a lot of potential as we develop things that cut across all of what our customers can do like generative design, by the way, but probably heading in even other directions. And that's going to take time to develop. It's going to take opportunities for us to engage with customers in terms of using some of their data. But I want you to pay attention to that long-term horizon on doing real training on customer data, which will be where the revolution comes from.
Andrew Anagnost: Look, it's a hard question to answer because all of those segments are growing, all right? And the new business is growing in all those segments. So it's a nuanced question. One thing I will say is there's a different character of pushback from each one of those segments in terms of what they're seeing. What we're seeing in manufacturing is my costs are going up, my costs are going up and the costs are going up, right? And that is impacting their ability to deliver, frankly, on some impact on demand because they can't pass it all to the customers. They have trouble kind of fulfilling the demand with the cost factor. So I would say right now, the inflationary environment is putting more pressure on our manufacturing customers than it is on our ADC customers. So that's just one piece of color. In the AEC space, obviously, the material costs are a big issue for them. But they are continuing to struggle with labor shortages, capacity problems, the ability to kind of clear out the book of business, which is great because there's an overhang there's an overhang of business for them right now, and there still is. And that's true in manufacturing, too. There's still an overhang of delivery that has to happen. I'm still waiting for a part from my repaired car and it's maybe my cars bus has been months, can't get the part. All right. There's plenty of capacity challenges there as well. But in AEC, generally, there's still a backlog of book of business, labor shortages, capacity within some of these institute companies and construction firms, architecture firms, is getting in the way. So I hear capacity problems much more in the AEC segment which, by the way, is going to continue into time. Eventually, the capacity will clear out. And I hear inflationary pressures much more from our manufacturing customers. M&A, they don't care, it's all digital anyway. People are watching more and they're happy. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So this is the -- always the question about which parts of the AEC ecosystem are we sensitive to. And here's the thing, and I always answer the question this way. The dollars always go somewhere, all right? So people were very concerned about 1.5 years ago, I was getting lots of questions about what's your exposure to commercial real estate, commercial real estate is going to slow down what happened in commercial real estate?  It moved a retrofit and reconfigure all right? And a lot of commercial real estate spend is in is going on in retrofit and reconfigure. A lot of architecture firms are completely involved in that. And also, it's moved to multifamily residential and things associated with that due to other pressures inside the economy and inside municipalities. So the money shifts around all the time, right? And in terms of which segment is getting lit up. So we're not seeing any particular exposure in terms of slowdown to any particular segment because of the way this activity shifts, all right? And it's just one -- it's one of the interesting things about the ecosystem. There's always something that wasn't getting built or worked on that starts to get built or worked on when something else is out of the way, it's out of the queue, all right? And the commercial office of space is somewhat out of the queue and other things are moving into the queue and getting more attention. Now with regards to '08, it was a very different type of situation. If you recall what we thought in '08 was a massive slowdown at the low end of our business. And a matter of fact, it was a precipitous slowdown in the low end of our business with smaller firms not being able to get enough work.  We don't see anything on the horizon that looks like that because of the backlog of business that's out there right now, there's just more people wanting to get things done than there is capacity to get the thing done in the ecosystem. So it's a very different situation where there was a kind of like the valve is shut off. There was no backlog, which to bleed through. Now we're in a world where we've got a lot of project backlog, a lot of pent-up demand, and it's just not the same situation that you saw in '08. It was very different world. And we're a very different company.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks, Saket. So first, the overall demand environment in Q4 was relatively consistent with what we saw in Q3. If I drill first into the specifics on the guide for billings, of course, we have multiyear to annual billings transition, that's creating a headwind as expected. The transition doesn't have an impact on revenue. It's just a change in billings frequency.  On revenue, as we outlined last quarter, we're seeing a negative impact from FX and the Russia exit. Together, that represents 5 points of headwind to growth. If we normalize for that, the revenue growth range would be in the low teens.  On margin, we're managing the flat margins on an as-reported basis year-over-year. That's consistent with what we said on the last call. We have a strong balance sheet. We have conviction in our strategy. So we want to continue to invest during the cycle so that we can maintain our momentum, but not so much so that we see a detriment to our margin outlook. And I want to point out that our margin guide on a constant currency basis represents improvement year-on-year.  And then finally, on cash flow, the headwind to billings from the transition to annual billings has a downstream effect on cash flow, of course. As I mentioned in the opening commentary, the swing in long-term deferred revenue is having a negative impact of around $1.1 billion to $1.1 billion to fiscal '24 cash flow. That headwind is driven primarily by that switch to annual billings for multiyear customers.  And if we take that with other factors like a lower multiyear renewal cohort and higher cash taxes, we get to that $1.2 billion guidance midpoint. Our goal is to set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and for the long-term. And it's that same sort of thinking that's driving how we're thinking about the longer-term financial model. On revenue, our target planning range of 10% to 15%, it remains in that double-digit territory. On margin, we're targeting a margin in the 38% to 40% range in the fiscal '23 to '26 window. But we said that because of the macro and FX headwinds that we're seeing, we think it's more likely now that it's going to be in the lower half of that range. And then on cash flow, we'll still work towards double-digit CAGR growth through fiscal '26, but it looks less likely though, given the impact of cash taxes, FX volatility and a stronger-than-expected fiscal '23 finish. As we look ahead, we're focused on managing the business to a Rule of 45 ratio or better, which after we get through this multiyear to annual billings transition, we think strikes the right balance between driving top line growth and delivering on disciplined profit and cash flow.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. It has finally arrived. It's nice to finally be having these conversations, Saket. So the transition to annual billings, the rollout is happening on schedule, our systems will be ready. We're assuming that we sell multiyear upfront through March 27. And then at the March 28 go-live that we only sell multiyear with annual billing terms in mature countries for our platinum and gold partners. That represents a significant majority of the eligible population. There's going to be some remaining multiyear upfront in the forecast beyond March 27. That's going to be coming primarily from eStore and emerging countries, but it's relatively small in comparison to the volume that we saw in fiscal '23. And as we move those populations to annual billings, we'll see a follow-on headwind to free cash flow in fiscal '25. It's consistent with what I said in the opening commentary that the past is not going to be linear. We're assuming that the same proportion of our business that's been multiyear remains multiyear. We think that the price lock that you get in a multiyear contract will entice our customers to continue to buy multiyear, especially in the inflationary environment that we're in. But of course, it's possible that some of our customers choose annual contracts rather than multiyear contracts with annual billings. That wouldn't impact billings or most other financial metrics in fiscal '24, but it would negatively impact the total RPO growth rate. At the end of the day, it's a win-win for us. If our customers choose to go with annual contracts, it gives us an opportunity to engage with them upon renewal to drive adoption and upsell and our renewal rates are strong. So this is something we'll keep you posted on as the year progresses.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, sure. A couple of things I would say. First, overall, I mean, we're watching the macro backdrop closely, and I said that it was broadly unchanged. Europe was a bit better or U.S., a bit worse. Asia, about the same. So overall, on the whole, the demand environment was broadly similar. We've reflected all of that into our guidance. The leading indicators remain strong. And another way to think about it would be that if you look at revenue, the implied growth rate in Q4 of our fiscal '23 is 9%. If you extend that into fiscal '24 at another point of currency headwind, you're squarely at the guidance midpoint for fiscal '24. So we're kind of already at that rate. And we feel comfortable with the guidance that we've set.
Debbie Clifford: It doesn't in any meaningful way, as I said. It's really a win-win for us because with annual contracts, we get an opportunity to engage with our customers upon renewal to drive upsell and make sure that there is adoption. Obviously, with a price lock and our customers signing on the multiyear contracts, we have a 100% renewal rate in any given period, but there's less of that opportunity to engage. So from our standpoint, it's a win-win.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Matt. Look, I'd say that I don't have much to add versus what I've said already. The macro is broadly unchanged. Those leading indicators remain strong. Our business is going to grow faster and better environments and somewhat lower and worse environment. Our goal is to set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and for the long term.
Debbie Clifford: So what I said was we have target planning parameters of 10% to 15% revenue growth and 30% to 35% free cash flow margin, all in pursuit of our goal of achieving a rule of 45-plus ratio over time. It's not time specific. If you look at our guidance for fiscal '24, that's at the trough of the transition for multiyear to annual billings, we'd be in the low 30s. And what we're saying is that we're going to go from the low 30s as we normalize over time towards our goal of achieving that 45% plus and that we intend to make meaningful progress against achieving that goal regardless of the macroeconomic backdrop.
Debbie Clifford: If you look at -- yes, if you look at Slide 8 of the deck that we put on our website is the move from multiyear upfront annual billings is the lower cohort. We have a lower cohort of multiyear contracts that come up for renewal, just cyclically in fiscal '24. It's FX movements and it's cash taxes. Those are the 4 drivers of the decline.
Debbie Clifford: We're not going to get into that level of specificity, I would say. I mean, as I mentioned when Jay was asking the question earlier, we kind of look at it as our goal be to drive a mix of volume and price mix, partner margin type contributions to growth. And so you can loosely consider that, that would be how we're thinking about it as we look at growth next year, too.
