Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. First off, I hope you and your families are remaining safe and healthy. Before jumping into our third quarter results, I would like to thank again our employees and the families and communities that support them, as well as our partners and customers, for their sustained commitment during uncertain times. That commitment was reflected in our execution, and demonstrated the resilience of our business model this past quarter. Together, they enabled us to deliver strong Q3 results - with billings, revenue, earnings and free cash flow coming in above expectations, despite the volatile macro-economic conditions resulting from the pandemic. I am pleased to see the acceleration of our SaaS business model, the secular shift to the cloud underpinning it and the competitive opportunities it brings. We have many miles of opportunity ahead of us. Our enterprise customers are undertaking their own digital transformation and by enabling that transformation, we are becoming a strategic partner rather than a software vendor. These strategic partnerships are broader than in the past, with our customers expanding their Autodesk product portfolios. Our third quarter results reflect this trend, as our enterprise deal activity with large customers accelerated. We closed some of the largest transactions in the company’s history, including a nine-digit deal. I am proud of our team’s execution, which positions us well entering the fourth quarter with a strong pipeline of deals. In the third quarter, we also saw the ebb and flow of the economic impact of the pandemic. As you know, our transition to the cloud means we are able to monitor the usage patterns of our products across the globe and see the positive correlation between increasing usage levels and new business growth in those regions. China, Korea, Japan, and most of Europe saw usage levels rise above pre-COVID levels. While usage trends in the U.S. and U.K. have not yet returned to pre-COVID levels, while they have stabilized in the U.S. and grown sequentially in the U.K. In line with the usage trends, our new business remains impacted by the pandemic, but the diversity of our revenue stream and customer base is helping us deliver strong results.  And as you know, Scott has decided to take on the next challenge in his career by accepting the CFO role at Cisco, starting mid-December. Scott has played a huge role in driving the business over the last six years, helping Autodesk successfully navigate the business model transition. We are sad to see him leave, but we are also excited for him. Thank you, Scott, for your many contributions to Autodesk and I wish you continued success in the next chapter of your career. Scott is leaving behind a strong team to ensure smooth operations while we look for his replacement. We have started the search process, and it is my top priority in the near-term. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Scott to take you through the details of our quarterly performance, and guidance for the year. I will then come back to provide insights into our strategic growth drivers. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Saket, that makes sense. First off, let me start the question by being super clear. We don’t have any kind of projections around stimulus or the impact of stimulus on our business in any of our models, right? That stuff that we leave out because one does not want to leave themselves exposed to the vagaries of government. However, if we go back to ‘08 and ‘09, and I think, it’s important to remember this, one of the narratives about Autodesk in ‘08 and ‘09 is, oh, Autodesk is so exposed to the housing market. Oh, my gosh. And the reality was that Autodesk revenue recovered well, significantly faster than the housing market did and that was because of the distributed nature of our work and our customer base and the projects and the sectors that we cover. Infrastructure spending and stimulus spending back then absolutely helped because it created a pipeline of projects that were new, but we were already recovering before some of the stimulus showed up and I think it’s important to recognize that. If you look at what the impact might be if we actually see some of this show up and we actually see some important stimulus, obviously it’s going to increase the project pipelines of our customers and that’s always good for us. And it could see more adoption of our portfolio. It could be really good for the construction portfolio. But again, Saket, I want to make it super clear, we don’t model that kind of stuff in our outlook and we are not expecting it to hit our numbers.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. I actually think, it has -- it even goes beyond pandemic. It’s like once you have got a taste of it, you want more of it. It’s what’s going on too, okay? Because remember some of these customers, they were not broadly deploying our SaaS solutions prior to pandemic and what they are seeing now is you know what, this stuff is important, I need to get on it and I need to prepare for the future and this is how I am going to drive my digitization. So we are absolutely going to see continued growth in these SaaS platforms. It’s interesting that you mentioned the vaccine and things like that, because what we are seeing when we talk to executives right now is, everybody doesn’t see a change in the timeline of how this pandemic is going to play out. But all of us, what we are seeing is increasing reductions in uncertainty. It starts with vaccine conversations and then more than one vaccine and then it goes into, hey, the U.S. election is getting less uncertain, who is going to be the president is less uncertain. So this is progressive building of uncertainty being removed and customers are getting more and more comfortable about looking at their second half investment scenarios for next year and SaaS is in every one of those conversations, okay? And I think as long as we continue on this trajectory of uncertainty being removed, you are going to see people being increasingly comfortable with how they feel about the second half of next year.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Actually, Phil, you are pushing on an important competitive differentiator for us. The breadth of capability we have across the entire AEC cycle and the way we are integrating that information in the cloud is fairly unique, right? And what we are seeing and this is something that I think you will see progressively, again and again. Right now a lot of people are talking about digital twins and that’s a vocabulary that’s out there, obviously, we haven’t used that vocabulary very often. But what’s going on right now is BIM. 3D BIM is the original digital twin, right? And this whole discussion around digital twins and AEC and things associated with it is accelerating the dialogue around if I want to do digital twins, I have got to do BIM, because there’s no digital twin without a Building Information Model. And you are going to see a continuing ongoing acceleration of the usage of BIM up front in our portfolio. But then what we have layered on top of it is a couple of critical things that make the entire portfolio more valuable. You may have noticed we emphasized this notion in the new Construction Cloud platform around a common data environment and all the things that go along with that common data environment. That common data environment is not just SaaS based. It’s also ultimately going to be ISO compliant and it’s going to allow us to move that building information data all the way through the entire process. So you are going to see more and more adoption of what’s in Autodesk Build, all the way through from the preconstruction planning cycle to the construction site and that’s a pretty powerful differentiator for us. But the one last thing I want to mention to you, and we talked about this at AU and I want to make sure you paid attention to it, was the rollout of Tandem, Autodesk Tandem. And what was Tandem? So Tandem is, if digital twins start with BIM, Tandem is a way to bring BIM data together from multiple places. From our BIM models or our BIM information, from other third parties that are building controller information perhaps, from other BIM based data from other types of applications and bring it into a single aggregated view in the cloud that updates dynamically as the building project progresses. This puts us at the forefront of bringing the power of BIM to create digital twins to the ability to create digital twins in the cloud that actually represents the final state of the project no matter where all that project data comes from. So we are pretty excited about this progression and what it means for the company and I think you are going to see a lot of interest and uptake in the approach we are taking.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So let me start with the competitive positioning on the construction. You are absolutely right, Heather, that the pandemic actually gave us an opportunity to lap our competition a bit. The slowdown definitely took the wind out of certain parts of the market. However, we didn’t slow down, we continued to invest and we put quite a bit of money into rolling out the unified platform. So what you see with Autodesk Build, which is what we are going to lead with in every new deal, we are leading with Autodesk Build over and over again, and we are going to lead internationally and we are going to lead in the U.S. with this, is a comprehensive project management and field management application that goes from design all the way through to site management, site execution and layers on the analytics associated with Construction IQ and some of the predictive skills, all built on top of Autodesk Docs. So this is a pretty significant change. That platform is highly competitive. As a matter of fact, it’s differentiated in numerous ways because of its end-to-end capabilities. In terms of pricing models, here’s what’s unique about us, Heather, and I think, it’s very important to remember this. No one in the industry is more flexible with the way we deliver these applications than Autodesk. So if you want to buy named users and deploy named users, we have got named users for you. That’s our primarily deployment model for most of our applications. If you want to pay based on project turnover, you can do that. If you want to play based on usage and consumption, you can do that. This flexibility is heavily coveted by our customers, and in fact, I think, this flexibility has been part and parcel of what’s allowed us to continue to expand the usage of the Construction Cloud even during what’s happened over the last year. So I think technologically we are now competitively differentiated, because we took the pandemic as a time to double down on the platform unification and get it out there and business model-wise we are differentiated. So we are feeling in a pretty strong competitive position as we head into the recovery next year across all the various markets. We love that we have tough competition in this space. We think it’s good for us. We think it’s good for our customers. But we are feeling really good about where we are at. Now, with regard to the Americas versus APAC, right, here’s what I will say. Usage ramped up fairly quickly in Asia-Pacific and like we say earlier, it’s definitely above pre-COVID levels in a lot of places, not everywhere but in a lot of places. The U.S. in particular just seemed to have stalled, all right. Usage hasn’t fallen back. It’s ramped up a little bit as time goes on. But it’s not seeing this kind of surge. I think we should just kind of hold tight for a little while and see what the levering out of the uncertainty does right now for the usage in the U.S., all right. Between the election results, between the good news about vaccines, between the potential that people see about stimulus in their project pipeline. I think we might start to see a change. So it will be interesting what we can talk about on the next earnings call. But I think the unwinding of uncertainty matters a lot in our markets.
Andrew Anagnost: Right. So it’s a classic Jay multipart question. All right. So, Jay, let me start with the license management piece. This is something we take particularly seriously and I am really glad you asked about it, because licensed management, the ability to manage these licenses is actually a value-add to our customers. They want to manage this investment in Autodesk assets as an enterprise asset, all right. And it’s super important in this space that we do this. One of the reasons we have been moving so quickly to retire legacy models in our user base is because that actually holds us back from delivering best-in-class license management for our customers. Every customer, every maintenance license that’s still out there, every multiuser license that’s still based on the old desktop paradigm versus what we want to do in the cloud paradigm is holding us back from deploying the systems in a way that help our customers manage these things holistically. The good news is that our EBA customers get a totally different dashboard on how they use our software and they are able to get more per user usage analytics and more data in terms of understanding their customer base. But this investment in the sheet of glass that our customers look through in terms of managing their relationship with Autodesk is something we have been doing ongoing for years and look for it to accelerate as we retire the last of these legacy business models and start unifying everything on a stack that really provides a high level of control to our customers and a high level of fidelity about what their actual usage is. We believe this is a value add of the portfolio and you will see us continue to invest in this. Now with manufacturing investments, I think, you want to just pay attention to what we are doing with Fusion and the areas we are targeting, because we think these are important areas that we want to pay attention to. We have integrated certain types of technology into Fusion. We want to augment and supplement and extend those so that Fusion is a professional grade solution surrounded by other professional grade solution that tackles significant growth markets inside the manufacturing vertical. Our first angle of attack was in the convergence of design and make and merging advanced manufacturing methods with advanced modeling methods. I think you are going to see us attack the convergence of mechanical engineering and electrical components inside designs. We have already started doing some of that things and we are going to do it in uniquely cloud way. We are going to do it with uniquely underpinnings of cloud compute and we are going to do it in highly differentiated ways, but also in ways that respect some of the tools our customers are using today.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. All right. So let me start with the migration path. So for PlanGrid, for those customers that migrated from PlanGrid and ultimately migrated on Build. It’s actually not a heavy lift because of the way we built the application. PlanGrid’s huge innovation and huge value-add to the whole stack is a mobile experience. They are really good at it. So what we did is we basically used the PlanGrid experience and the PlanGrid team as the mobile experience for Build. So the move from PlanGrid to build is as a progression is not a heavy lift. Now you are right, we have a long tail of customers that are on BIM 360 Field, BIM 360 next-gen Field. Those customers over time are going to be migrating to Build at a pace that makes sense for them.  But what we have done is we have created an environment that allowed them to shift as projects sunset and they go onto new projects. We have got a whole master plan with our customers success organization and construction on how you they move over time. We are not going to force anybody to move ahead of their time, but we have got a well-crafted plan for how we move these people. It’s more of a heavy lift for people that are on BIM 360 Field, less of a heavy lift for people who are on BIM 360 next gen which is where Docs -- Autodesk Docs was built off of and it’s a much smaller lift for PlanGrid customers.
Andrew Anagnost: I will make one more comment on Spacemaker just because I kind of forgot to segue to you on that. But Spacemaker represents that perfect convergence of SaaS, cloud compute and machine learning into solving real world problems for our customers. I think you are going to see the impact on our business accumulate over time as the technology expands and as it connects itself deeper with Revit and other parts of the process. One of the things I love about the Spacemaker team is they have this philosophy of making multiple constituents more successful with their objectives and that’s the building owner, the developer making their investment more profitable. That’s the city making sure the impact on infrastructure is managed and controlled. And they also have a big customer or big stakeholder in this, is the environment and helping architects and city planners make more sustainable decisions in real time for how things are built. It’s the perfect example of how all these things come together to change the way people make design decisions and ultimately build decisions. So look for its impact to expand over time as that team starts hooking into other parts of our process, builds out their existing products and inevitably starts moving into other parts of the organization, which we always see with acquisitions like this.
Andrew Anagnost: Steve, there’s absolutely no dissidents. All right. One of the things I think I said consistently in the communication and I will take you back in communication is, we started investing in the road map for Revit well ahead of these communications, all right, from these customers, because we made a deliberate choice to invest in construction and not in Revit functionality for architects. So are these customers are going to thoroughly quickly start to see changes and additions to Revit from the investment we made actually at the end of last year. And I think you are missing something, we just spent several $100 million on the architecture segment of our space, all right. Spacemaker is squarely targeted at design and architecture and the founders of Spacemaker are architects, all right.
Andrew Anagnost: This technology is right on the edge, and like I said, we just spent a lot of money to do this and this is right in the act. It’s something we have been looking at for a while. So no there’s no dissonance here in terms of where we are focused and where we are. With regard to the migration, look, you have got to -- when we started this migration with two -- something under 2 million maintenance customers. Most of those have come along with us. We never expected that all of them were going to come along with us happily. And what we are done is we have reached the end of the tale with some maintenance customers that are more frustrated with the changes than not. But at the same time we have added millions of other customers that weren’t able to afford some of our solutions before, because of the upfront cost of these solutions. So, yeah, maintenance customers that have been with us have seen lots of transition. They are not done yet. We haven’t retired all those models yet. But remember we started with less than 2 million of those. We are over 5 million subscribers right now. A fraction of those are from that maintenance base. We have to remember, let’s look at the big picture here as well as the small picture. I understand and I empathize the frustration of those customers who started on maintenance and journeyed with us. But we have reached so many more customers, so many more architecture firms, so many individual architects, so many people that couldn’t afford Revit, so many people that couldn’t afford that extra seed of AutoCAD, so many high growth companies, that if they add seats, they are actually spending less over five years than they would have with us adding seats in the perpetual model. That’s a big story and it’s transformative to the industry in terms of how much value people are able to get now. So let’s make sure we stay focused on the big picture here.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Saket, the only other comment that I’d add on top of that is, let’s say, an infrastructure bill does get passed. It will take some time for that bill to turn into real projects and for those projects to get put out to bid and for that then to downstream start to drive our business. So even if that were to happen, let’s say, early in the new administration, I wouldn’t expect it to of have a material impact on fiscal ‘22 anyway.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Sure, Saket. And by the way, you were one of the ones that got it right, actually, as I recall looking at your preview note for what to expect on fiscal ‘22. And as you know, we have been running multiple scenarios. I have been probably run driving my team crazy, running scenarios over the last nine months and in each case we run it not just for the impact of this fiscal year and next fiscal year out through fiscal ‘23 to even fiscal ‘25 and beyond. So to have a good sense of how the model responds to a variety of different scenarios, that’s part of what underpins our confidence in fiscal ‘23. But if you step back and say, what are the drivers behind that and I will start with the biggest driver. You have seen our renewal rates stay steady through this process and in fact even modestly we saw sequential increase in renewal rates, but given the size of our renewal base, that’s a big driver longer term. And we talked about the net revenue retention rate kind of staying in that 100% to 110% range even during the pandemic. So you take a big renewal base with a high renewal rate and 100% to 110% net revenue retention rate that drives a lot of growth. Add to that what we are seeing in cloud and the cloud products acceleration overall, we still have a pretty significant opportunity to convert nonpaying users of out in front of us and we built the leading portfolio, product portfolio in construction. So there is a -- and we have talked about again today about the success of our manufacturing business and where we are headed there and some of the traction we are beginning to get with Fusion 360 and the way we are monetizing that with some of the extension. So there’s a lot behind that. That’s what drives our confidence not just in this year and some of the early view I gave you of fiscal ‘22 but then how that ramps up out through fiscal ‘23. I think there’s two other quick things I’d like to add to that. We do -- we are seeing a modest improvement in economic activity right now that Andrew talked about. Certain countries are back to pre-COVID levels, but it’s not consistent. Our expectation is that we will see continued economic improvement through next year but that that will -- I doubt it’s going to be a straight line. I think that will be more pronounced in the second half of next year, which means the year will be a bit more back-end loaded. And that linearity affects not just revenue. It also affects when we collect cash. a lot of the sales of that momentum in the second half of the year will turn into fiscal ‘23 free cash flow. And then one other item that I want to get on the call so that you can build it into your model, we do see a cash tax impact year-on-year this year to next year of about $50 million to $60 million as our profitability has improved fairly significantly. So you add all those together, that’s what underpin our confidence, the early view of fiscal ‘22 cash flow and our confidence in $22.4 billion in fiscal ‘23.
Scott Herren: Yeah. I think for next year it stays in that range, Phil. I don’t want to get into too much forecasting of fiscal ‘22 until we get to the Q4 earnings call and obviously we can give you more detail at that point. But what we are seeing this year is kind of moderating assumptions around multiyear, and of course that’s what drives a lot of that long-term deferred. And so you see the sequential trends there are long-term. It hasn’t fallen off the floor. It hasn’t fallen off the desk and onto the floor. The multiyear rates are still there. But they are not as robust as we had seen historically in maintenance. I think ultimately it returns to that level. But frankly I don’t think the moderating multiyear that we see this year, there’s a big negative in the sense that given the strength of our renewal rates we will continue to get that, collect that cash. We will just collect it in the subsequent two years instead of collecting all three years upfront and we will collect it without the 10% discount that we put in as an incentive for those multiyear transactions. So think of it settling in where it is for the foreseeable future. Ultimately, I think there’s a little room for it to run.
Scott Herren: And Jay, I will jump in on the second part and I guess. Thank you for the congratulations on my 25th Autodesk earnings call. If I get this right, it’s your 125th Autodesk earnings call, a little bit of a difference there. History with the company. I would like to congratulate you as well. It’s interesting…
Scott Herren: … if you look at the rates, we are seeing less of a differential by vertical and more of a differential by country. So in other words, if country acts is seeing nice robust growth, we see that in both the AEC and in the manufacturing side. If it’s continuing to be somewhat flat and stable, we see that again by vertical. So it’s, I’d say the better differentiator in usage is more, how is the region performing, how is the country performing, then it is within that country is it AEC or manufacturing. The industry collections versus standalone, I will just reiterate what I said in the opening commentary that industry collections continues to be a stable share of our overall business. So we are not seeing a significant mix shift there. Early on, we had seen a mix shift of the new sales more toward LTE and we talked about last quarter that that reverted back to the mean where it had been historically. So we are not seeing a significant mix shift at this point either way. The last thing that I’d add, because I know the detail of your spreadsheets and you probably already got everything laid out here, but to give you a sense on our new business growth and in particular, our product subscription new business growth, from a unit standpoint, no question, we have been impacted by the pandemic, more so in new business unit than in other places. That new business grew sequentially from Q2 to Q3 and that’s our expectation those units will grow again from Q3 to Q4. So just to give you a sense of how things are performing.
Scott Herren: I am not sure what to add to that, Andrew. I think you said it exactly right. We are at a fortunate position, Brad. And thanks for your kind words, by the way. But we are at a fortunate position in the model where we can both grow spending and increase margins year-on-year. And so if you look at the midpoint of the updated guide for this year, for fiscal 2021, it implies just short of an 8% growth in total spend. So the cost of goods sold plus OpEx. Looking ahead, on top of that, we have invested pretty significantly and grown our investment in R&D, headcount for R&D for sales capacity this year in some of the areas that Andrew just touched on earlier in Jay’s question about building out our internal systems and our internal infrastructure. So we have invested quite a bit in innovation already this year that will obviously carry on into next year and we have made a handful of not large but strategic acquisitions to continue to fuel that innovation. So we -- I think long-term targeting double-digit revenue growth is somewhat dependent on us continuing to invest on the R&D side of things and I feel really good about the position we are in to be able to both drive that investment and an increase margins out through fiscal ‘23.
Scott Herren: Yeah. So, Keith, I will start and Andrew, you can add color to it. In terms of what we are seeing, we are seeing recovery. Andrew alluded to it and gave some of the specific countries where we are seeing recovery already and where we are at a level of activity that’s above pre-COVID rates. I think someone earlier highlighted APAC. APAC has been quite strong for us from that standpoint. We are seeing Continental Europe recover nicely as well. The -- our expectations for Q4 is that we will continue to see a modestly improving economic environment and as we look out at next year, I think, we will continue to see improvement. I am not sure it’s going to be a straight line improvement or especially given the current wave, but we will continue to see improvement and I expect by the second half of the year that we will see some pretty good recovery and economic activity that clearly will benefit us. So think of next year as being a little more back-end loaded and I think that’s part of what you see with the early look that we have given you on what revenue growth looks like this year. Q4, again, midpoint of the guide has revenue growth at about 12% and op margin for Q4 will be about in line with the full year at about 29%. I think looking out at next year you will see both of those grow. Revenue growth will increase from there and op margin will increase from there. On the specific COVID spend savings, I think, we have had the same savings that everyone has had. Obviously T&E travel expense has been a big savings for us. But as we look at -- events have gone more virtual, I think, that will continue. We have had modest amount of savings from the operations of our facilities, our offices. As we look at next year, I don’t expect that to be a significant year-on-year headwind. Travel of course will return. But we are going to build the budget such that I don’t expect it to come back anywhere near to where it was in, let’s say, calendar 2019 or in our fiscal ‘20. I think if nothing else we have learned, you don’t have to be face-to-face with a customer to get that final agreement. You don’t have to be face-to-face internally to get things done the way we need to get them done internally. So I think we will continue to see ongoing savings in T&E. It will step up from this year certainly but it’s not going to be a significant headwind for us on spend.
Scott Herren: And Adam to your question on Spacemaker, I am super excited by the technology, and I don’t know if you had a chance to see it demoed at AU, but if you didn’t I’d highly recommend it, you have got to take a look at it. This is a — it’s obviously a tremendously exciting technology and some super talented people that we picked up with the Spacemaker acquisition. Impact financially is going to be nominal. It will actually be slightly dilutive and that’s built into our expectations for next year. There’s another effect that I probably should have mentioned earlier and I want to make sure I get it out on the call, though. The one thing that will change next year and it’s a slight headwind to us in terms of revenue growth year-on-year, we have almost all of our products are already ratable, right? But there’s a couple of really small products, one, Vault, that we talked about in the past, that did not get over the hurdle to get away from upfront revenue recognition. We have continued to work on that product. We have continued to do things that incorporate much more cloud based functionality and I think in the first part of next year Vault will flip from upfront rev rec to full ratable rev rec and that looks like it’s about a point of growth. Again, already built into kind of the early view that I gave you of the low-double, low- to mid-teens revenue growth for next year but the impact of Vault is built into that, obviously, it normalizes in fiscal 2023 because once it bucks ratable, the compare points are equivalent. But that’s one if you are building your model on that level of detail, I think of that being a bit of a headwind that’s already built into the early view of ‘22.
Steve Koenig: Hey. Terrific. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. I appreciate it. And Scott, best of luck to you and thanks for all the hard work you have done for us over the years. Definitely appreciate it.
Steve Koenig: Cool. So I will just ask one question. Andrew, had you had some pretty open, transparent communications with customers this last quarter in terms of the letter that was written? And just in terms of looking at what those customers were asking for? They were very clearly asking for accelerating the roadmap in architecture and engineering design, which doesn’t seem like we talked a lot about on the call today, hasn’t been a focus. And if I read between the lines in that communication, the customers also seemed a bit frustrated with the transitions they have been going through from maintenance to subscriptions to collections and now to named users. And it just seems like there’s a little bit of dissonance between what they are asking for and what I am hearing from you on the call today and I’d love to get your thoughts on how -- why is that there may be misperception gap and what are you guys doing about it? And thanks very much.
Steve Koenig: Cool. Well, I appreciate your thoughts and thanks again for the open communication. Good luck to you, Scott.
