A. Jayson Adair: Thank you, [Mat]. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter for fiscal 2011. We’ve got a lot to talk about and I know there will be a lot of questions, so before I start off I’ll turn it over to Will Franklin, CFO for a brief disclosure.
A. Jayson Adair: Thanks, Will. While we were talking about this morning it seems like the year has just been extremely fast and it was just a year ago that we were talking about fiscal ’10 and here we are in fiscal ’11 and a lot has taken place. It’s been a year of very upgrade achievement and a lot of change that’s taking place in the company. So we’re really excited about that, but we are in a transition and when you’re in a transition and doing so much, its much more than moving headquarters, its new systems that were integrating in the company, its some allocation of how we look at ops expense versus G&A expense, so it’s a number of things that are happening in the business. But the first thing I want to talk about this morning was our G&A. For the quarter, G&A was $23.7 million versus $27 million and that includes transition cost of around $800,000 that we absorbed in the quarter. For the year, it was $98.9 million versus a $106 million and that includes roughly $2.2 million in transition costs. That will continue in the next year. Our goal is to continue to refine how we operate and run the business and in that refinement we’ll be looking for obvious savings, but there will be costs associated with all the different things that we are doing in the company. Will will talk to you about all the stock that we’ve repurchased in the year, we just love this company. We think that we’ve got a wonderful future and we believe that and so as the old saying goes, we put our money where our mouth is so he’ll talk about the stock that we bought back not only in the quarter, but in the year I just want to note that we have 8.5 million shares authorized for buyback at this time. : The Dallas move for the company is on track, the plans are the same. We still are looking at process centers where we’ll be placing a lot of the functions that are from payments to receiving, call center et cetera, et cetera and then the HQ will be all the folks that are associated with either integration growth, buying companies, expanding. We’re looking at lot of different areas company wise for expansion into other markets and we’re also continuing to push hard on our U.S. and UK operations, I should say North American and UK operations to expand not only in insurance, but outside of the insurance market. The Dallas move as I said is on track and we should be relocated with our HQ by the summer of 2012. There is a little delay in our integration of our new technology systems. The system that we’ve got in the company was implemented over a decade ago. So it’s time to take advantage of the new technologies that are out there in our enterprise system. Our auction inventory management unless we were expecting it to be done sometime in fiscal ’12 that will probably take place now sometime in fiscal ’13. So its not a huge delay by any stretch, its about doing it right anyway and this is all about the future, its not about something that we have to have today, its about by making these changes the same way that we did this back in the late 90s, by making these changes that will give us the ability to catapult over the next decade with all the new technologies that are out there. And then finally, I would just say that we launched project overdrive in fiscal 2012 in August beginning at the year with all of our company. Project overdrive is all about changing the experience at Copart for everyone internal and external customers and we are going to pushing really, really hard on that program this year to make it a faster, easier company to do business for everyone. So we look forward to seeing the technology changes come into place and we also look forward the changes in our services and then quality and the speed at which we deliver that service for all of our customers. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Will and then we’ll open it up for questions.
A. Jayson Adair: Yeah, sure. ASP is up, it’s just been a good year comparing Q1 all the way to Q4 it’s been a nice trend in the way that ASPs have moved and Will, I don’t know if you’ve got something…
A. Jayson Adair: It would be more difficult to express the same store sales or same store movement in terms of revenue just because of a number of different factors and you’ve touched on a few of those. The transitioning of contracts in UK, the movement into purchasing cars in the U.S. FX that car is yet to make number of assumptions if you want to take about same store sales in terms of revenue. So for this quarter, let me express it just in terms of units. So on a same store sale basis, units were up 6%.William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
A. Jayson Adair: Good morning.Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets.: I guess one question you talked about sort of a delay or a push out of the system into ’13. I’m just wondering is that your sort of timing, is that sort of the third party, the top new in that timing or is it just sort of something you need to get fixed internally before you could roll that out.
A. Jayson Adair: Yeah. The answers are yes to all that. I mean we are – we’re sitting here and looking at an enterprise system that’s very different than the system we’ve got today, I mean in so many ways, and this is a company that has a great system now and has great technology now, and so we’re going to be making changes to the enterprise system, making changes to our website going forward and those are things that need to be done gently. Then there need to be things that are brought along in a fashion and works for everyone, not something we try to push or set a date, so we made a decision in the last month when we hit a bit of a roadblock with some things going on the IT side that we said, let’s not try to keep to these days; let’s push it on little further. So it’s going to be a little bit of the delay, like I said in the beginning of the call you know the year just goes by boom, boom, boom. It seems like your report on each quarter and the next thing you know the year is over. So we’ve got our hands full right now with the Dallas move and the process center moves and project overdrive and all the other things that we’re doing. So having systems going in fiscal ’13 quite frankly just makes it easier in trying to do two things as one.Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And is that the system also that sort of ultimately allow you to have multiple languages and sort of expand.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, I will comment if that’s okay, I’ll comment on that one, because as the economy changes, it obviously changes average selling prices for non-damaged cars that affects ACVs. So there is some self-regulating if you want to look at it that way, there is a big piece of this where as the demand for used cars goes up, ACVs goes up as demand for used cars are down, ACVs goes down. :
A. Jayson Adair: Yeah. I mean it’s – I can it’s one of these things where it is growing at a very high rate, but it’s a small – relatively small book of business. And so while it generates a large amount of revenue, the factories you are buying the cars as opposed to just handling it as an agent, when we get into what are we doing on initiatives, we get some great people on the team that are working on that, I don’t like to get into specifics, because obviously we think some of the things we do are unique to Copart. But we are focused heavily on this, it’s a nice market, it’s a great upside for us, it’s a great opportunity and where do we see and when we finish the quarter as far as insurance versus non-insurance business.
A. Jayson Adair: So it’s – we’re seeing a nice growth in the non-insurance, but we’re also seeing a ton of cars coming in on the insurance side and as Will said, the inventories are up quite a bit. So when we look at next quarter, I wouldn’t be surprised that the trend that was continues, because we’re going to be selling off a lot of damaged vehicles in the next quarter associated with inventory bills right now.
A. Jayson Adair: Yeah. Right now, it is – I mean, because we sell so many non-damaged vehicles in the company that yes, Copart is synonymous with that damaged vehicle, that damaged vehicle brand, but we’ve got a thousands of customers out there that send non-damaged vehicles to us that are aware of the fact that we sell non-damaged products and we just continue to improve in that segment. So for right now, we don’t see a reason that it changes the name, no matter done a shift in the future, but I’ll get I use the Netflix example, we’re not thinking Netflix and Quickster right now, we’re just thinking Copart.
A. Jayson Adair: No I mean that tends to be the scenario with the hurricane and that’s there is a lot of expense associated with handling these cars in the quarter. Of course we’ll be selling those off and as Will just explained with the revenue recognition, so we will be selling those of in the past what would happen is with the vehicle pooling we handle a bunch of those cars and defer those cost and then incur those cars, those cost when we sell the cars. Now we’re incurring car expense upfront and then selling the vehicles of in subsequent quarters. So yeah I mean hasn’t changed Craig we’re working crazy and spend a lot of money to handle the cars and the team is all doing a good job but the way that we book the revenue and the expense has changed. So you’ll be seeing those vehicles sold of September, October the months we’re in now and next month and then even into – even in to Q2 (Inaudible) that’s a there is just a lot of volumes still coming in right now that we’re picking up. So it’s been a very active year and we are definitely cars volume to be pushed out in Qs 1 and 2.Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Helpful I’ll get back in the queue. Thanks.
A. Jayson Adair: Whereas probably like Tony asked a question about the just-in piece. So one of that things our new system brings is multi-language. And so while it’s really got a lot of hooks for future bells and whistles for the existing business, it is key when it comes to expanding into foreign markets with foreign language et cetera. So we do have to get that system in place before we start to do that.Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Gotcha. That’s all I have. Thank you.
A. Jayson Adair: Yeah, I mean it is it’s an HRA, its marketing, advertising it’s a number of methods that we go. So I mean you can Google us and you’ll see us on Google search. So there is a lot of things that we’re doing to reach the public and make them aware who we are and pickup their vehicle so and we’ll continue to refine that. We’re definitely not perfect yet, we’re doing a good job and this was an invented business, it didn’t exist four years ago. We came up with it and now it’s a nice business and it needs to be you know I want to see it growing to something that’s material of the business you know 10% of the business are more something that was that are you know is a major impact of the business. So right now, it’s a great area, it’s a proven product because it works and it continue little works month after month, quarter after quarter and its continued to grow, it has had growth ever since we implemented and so I would like to just see our teams figure out the process to making that something that becomes even more meaningful to the company.
A. Jayson Adair: I mean, its not that we’re sourcing them, these cars given to us by the insurance company so it has to do with the nature of the insurers that these insurance company deals with and the once that we’ve hopefully the contracts we pertained have the higher end cars.Patrick Palfrey – RBC Capital Markets: I guess just looking out at then should we continue to see higher revenue and higher margin dollars from those vehicles but a lower margin percentage just based upon the make up.
A. Jayson Adair: The volumes decrease as they don’t produce new cars, because obviously as fees go up, but then volumes increase because although vehicles are more likely to total. So we have to weigh both of those. So at the end of the day, have you weighed them both, the trend is going to be more unique, it’s just a fact. As we see vehicles getting older in America. As we go from ’10 to ’11, cars become much more likely to total and then, and thus there’ll be more, there’ll be more vehicles that are being totaled. Another question is how many of those vehicles will come to us, that is a factor of how many people have liability only on the older vehicle as opposed to comp equation. So there is no doubt in my mind that as we go forward because of what’s happened in ’08, ’09, ’10 and ’11 with new car sales we’re going to see, the average age go up and we’re going to see more units coming through. The question is when will the economy turn around, so that more and more people actually have insurance like they did back in ’07. And so those are both the factors, but as you can see what ’08, how we reacted to ’08, what it had economically how it affected us and then ’09, ’10 and ’11 and how we’ve responded. So it is a relatively recession proof business from that standpoint.
A. Jayson Adair: Yeah, I would say total industry down a little and that goes back what we talked about before the points that Will brought up about unemployment and how it affects people with respect to either deductable or completely dropping coverage or completely not you know maintaining liability but dropping comp on [collision]. So we think its down a little bit, we think that you know obviously that comes back when the economy starts to turn the other direction more people are employed, more people drive. I don’t know about you, but I know this as I travel the country that there is just a lot less traffic on the free ways, you just don’t see the kind of conjunction that you saw right around the summer of ’08 and prior to that and so I’m convinced from my perspective that as people go back to work they’ll start driving more because they have their coverage, they won’t be driving uninsured et cetera, et cetera so it will help the industry as a whole in terms of number of policies and number of total launch vehicles.Ryan Brinkman – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
A. Jayson Adair: Okay. Thank you, Matt. Again, thank you everyone for attending the fourth quarter. We look forward to reporting Q1 and that will be happening very soon about a couple of months, so look forward to telling us how we are doing and look forward to having a really great fiscal 2012 for Copart. Thank you.
William E. Franklin: Thank you, Jay. Before we begin our comments, I would like to remind everyone on the call that our remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees and are subject to certain risk, trends and uncertainties that could cause the final results to differ materially from those projected or implied by our statements and comments. For a more complete discussion of the risk that could affect our business, please review the management's discussion and analysis and the factors affecting future results contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Jay to begin discussion of our fourth quarter results.
William E. Franklin: Thank you, Jay. Yesterday we reported our financial results for the fourth quarter of our 2011 fiscal year. Consolidated revenue was $215.4 million, compared to $190.5 million for the same quarter last year. Volume increased in both North America and UK, total volume increased over 7%. Purchase car revenue as a percentage of total revenue grew from 16.8% to 19.2% as both volume and ASP increased. The yield per purchase car remained relatively constant with the same quarter last year. However, because the ASP increased, the yield as a percentage the selling price declined. Percentage of car sold on the principal basis in the UK declined on a year-over-year basis from 44% to 39%, but increased on a sequential basis due to the contracts inherited with the acquisition in our previous quarter. Per car revenue for fee based transactions were up both in North America and UK. The change in accounting rules, which became effective in our first quarter of this fiscal year altered the period which we recognize certain revenues. Revenues generated for recovering a car, for converting a title with the state and for cleaning, washing and protecting a car are now recognized when performed. These services are generally performed near the time the car is assigned to us. Last year, these revenues were recognized when the car was sold usually around two months after the assignment date. Because these revenues are low in margin, in quarters in which we grow inventory revenue is increased and margin percentage is decreased. The total revenue for the quarter associated with this change in accounting was approximately $3.4 million. The yard and fleet expenses grew from $68.5 million to $81.8 million and reflect the higher volume of cars processed a significant increase in the cost to recover a car due to the increase in the cost of diesel and the increase in cost associated with developing new markets including the public dealer markets. Our gross margin grew from $86.2 million to $89.6 million. General and administrative costs excluding depreciation were $23.7 million compared to $27 million for the same quarter last year. The decline was due primarily to reduced marketing and reduced headcount. Our operating income increased from $57.2 million to $63.5 million and operating margin was 29.5% compared to 30% in the same quarter last year. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.59 compared to $0.43 for the same quarter last year. We ended the quarter with over $74 million in cash sequentially accounts receivable, vehicle pooling costs and inventory costs increased as inventory grew. In the quarter, we generated over $42 million in operating cash flow and for the year, we’ve generated almost $243 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $14 million primarily for land, facilities improvement and software development cost. Finally during the quarter, we expended approximately $135 million to repurchase $2.99 million shares of our common stock. For the year, we have repurchased over $18.8 million, at an average price of $39 per share. At the end of the quarter, we have approximately $66 million shares outstanding no an undiluted basis. This concludes my comments. Matt will turn the call over to you to fill questions.
William E. Franklin: Sure. Well for the most part for the street I’ll answer two ways. Because for the street the integration of our auction inventory management operating system the changes we are going to be making to copart.com, the impact on moving home office all of that should be finished by fiscal ‘13. When we get into Project Overdrive that is a cultural thing that is a service experience that we’re implementing in the company and that’s a three year plan, but that doesn’t have the integration and cost and transitions and all these other things that go along with the other items. So when it comes down to moving to Dallas and process centers and AMOs and all of those bits and pieces that we’ve got going on that’s going to be fiscal ’12 and ’13. Big chunk of that will be done in ’12, finished in ’13, and so as we go into fiscal ’14 we really should be completely passed these transition volumes.
William E. Franklin: No that’s part of the, it is part of Project Overdrive internally, but externally to the street we really look at them differently because you all are so much more focused on what costs are going to be flowing through. Internally, we’re looking at how we are going to be delivering service et cetera, et cetera, so they are different. Yes it is part of overdrive, but that will be happening in fiscal ‘12. The process centers should be complete up running done fiscal ’12. HQ move should be fiscal ‘12, the ERP system should be more or like fiscal ‘13 and then there is some other things that we’ve got going on that will be pushing into ‘13 and then like I said, fiscal ‘14 should be about non-transition as you can get. 
William E. Franklin: Well we might revisit it. Right now we’ve got a plan, we are going to continue to market and it served us well, we’ve been happy with everything we’ve done, but we’re always open to change you know Copart is that way. So we’re as we say we’re changed centric, so we’ll look at any of the opportunities that are out there see how they fit our business and we are a very different company than we were four years ago. In four years ago we were just coming out with these non-insurance programs and just thinking about some of the major changes and you know never thought we’d be going through new auction inventory management system changes and all the other stuff that’s going on. So a very different company today and you know when you look out like I said, when it comes to the transition really 2014 is quite a best year to think about us being kind of a straight move and by then we’ll be expanding internationally in doing other thing so we’re always going to be changing.
William E. Franklin: Hello PatrickPatrick Palfrey – RBC Capital Markets: I guess just you know looking at the vehicle sales lets forget the principal, could you talk a little bit more about the quality of the vehicles your source in the UK. I know last quarter you mentioned that you were sourcing more expensive cars.
William E. Franklin: Let me add a couple of comments. So in terms of the uninsured motors, I mean there’s a direct correlation between unemployment and uninsured motors and I think if you – I’ll refer to CCC, the economies there, suggest that for every one percentage point in unemployment or movement, there’s a three quarters of a point increase in or a movement in the uninsured motors. The other factor that Jay alluded to was used car pricing and that’s a function of new car sales, but frankly, new car sales generated trade-in and the used car transaction or so. And when these new car sales were down, we have a restricted supply of used cars, which increases their value. So we see the pricing of used cars tied to the sale of the new cars. So as the economy improves, there’s more new cars in the market, we think to see the pricing diminish, which we think have a positive influence on our volume.Patrick Palfrey – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for taking my question guys.
William E. Franklin: Ryan, let me add to that. So, there are basically three factors that drive the markets. The number of cars in the road there is half of those cars involved in accident and then, of the cars involved in accident are frequently or they’re salvaged and the recent trend is all three of those factors are slight down, but we don’t expect that to continue and so when we say, we’ve grown the non-insurance, the non (inaudible) insurance market by 2% we’re fairly happy with those numbers.Ryan Brinkman – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great thanks very much guys.
