Jeff Liaw: Got it. Appreciate the question, Bob. As for the cash balance, I'd separate that question. I think our -- we haven't been per se capital constrained in the sense that we've been effectively an unlevered company for a long time. So we've had financial wherewithal to acquire companies. And in fact, have done so, including the acquisition of MPA now five, almost six years ago. To expand into the power sports arena. We think our organic growth prospects are compelling and it does require investments on our part the form of technology serving a bank does have some nuance distinctions. There are nuance products and approaches we have to take with financial institutions that are different from what we do for our insurance clients. That's for sure. Ultimately though, the benefit to both is apparent, because the liquidity is enhanced for both parties and the buyer base just grows as a result. So I think we are investing organically on that front I think if the right acquisition opportunity were to present itself at a compelling valuation that enhances those capabilities and accelerates our growth we'd evaluate consider it. But we have to meet the same very high bar that we've always applied.
Jeff Liaw: Very much both. So I think we are at this point a well-known liquid marketplace. So folks come to us. But certainly, we proactively approach folks who may be aware of us, but think of us in one specific context and we informed that now of the newer and emerging portfolio vehicles available at Copart. So it is very much both.
Jeff Liaw: Daniel, I think you mean our members and buyers specifically. And to them, there are, of course, other places to buy vehicles, including some of the other well-known auction platforms. Our liquidity, I think, has grown over time, we've become a more compelling platform for them to enroll in and to pursue vehicles than we were 10 years ago. The one correction or modification I'd make to your comments is it's the expansion into the international arena has not just been in the past couple of years. That's been a decade-long endeavor. It so happens that the evolving mix of vehicles driven in part by total -- rising total loss frequency, which means the cars are better and less damaged as well as our pursuit of cars from noninsurance sellers has naturally grown that buyer base. I'd say in terms of -- in the baseball analogy, we're in the first or second inning because the fastest-growing economies are still -- they will continue to outpace growth in Western Europe, the U.S., Japan, Canada, et cetera, the established economies where people have vehicles will increasingly provide those vehicles perhaps older, perhaps a damage perhaps neither to the economies that demand more mobility. Cars divided by population remains very high in the origin countries where we operate our auctions and remains very low in the destination countries that buy them.
Jeff Liaw: Daniel, broadly, I'd characterize transportation cost as having stabilized as opposed to reverted to anything resembling pre-COVID norms. And so the inflationary pressure, I think, is abating or stabilizing, but it certainly has not reverted.
Jeff Liaw: I'd say in terms of the repo question, I think a modest increase, not yet step function changes in that regard. I think though vehicle values in powersports and light vehicles, in general, have softened. I think for the most part, loans remain in the money, though that trend can change over time as well. What was your next question -- the Harley question. The captive marketplace is not having per se affected us. I think the business continues to perform well, and the sources of bikes and other related powersports continues.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think it's a fair question, Chris. That was the multiple thousands of dollars is an illustration. I would say that the strong majority of cars that Copart sells on behalf of insurance companies have advanced charges on them in the many hundreds of dollars range, right? So it is serious money that the insurance companies are paying to towing companies, repair shops and frankly, their own employees as well to touch and see vehicles that arguably did not require any of that intervention. The cars could have been towed directly to Copart and been sold and have the title processed without anyone ever having touched it otherwise. So the economic opportunity there for our insurance companies is massive. And so we take it very seriously and are engaged with them on various initiatives to varying degrees in terms of their flexibility and ability to change the way they handle their own business processes. I would say that there is a long-standing industry bias, which I think is now evolving to repair cars, when possible, right? I think there's a long-held view that people grow attached to their vehicles, policyholders grow attached to their cars and want them back. And I think that line of thinking has changed a lot even over the course of the past eight years, and we think will change over the next 20 as well. And so the default repair mindset will change. As for your specific question about how it affects total loss frequency, the total loss economics would be still better if you could forgo all of that waste in the system. And could it, therefore, drive total loss frequency up, yes. In terms of the elasticity, I think quarter to comment on, except to say that the economics we're talking about here are very substantial. It is a good portion of the -- is a robust portion of the ultimate claims cost for a totaled car for an insurance company.
Jeff Liaw: I think to be fair, Chris, we don't know I don't think we don't make management operational decisions on month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter blips like that. I think the five year trend, I bet a lot of money that in five years, the total loss frequency rate will be meaningfully higher. But that's what happens in the next quarter or two or three. I think the volatility you cite is unprecedented in your career and mine in terms of what we observed over the past three years. So forecasting that and it's been derivative effects on our assignment volume, tough to do from where we sit. But I think we generally expect total loss frequency to rise over the next forever, but certainly over any appreciable horizon.
Jeff Liaw: In a word, yes, Bret. And I think the financial institution universe, as I think you appreciate, is very fragmented. So there are literally thousands of lenders who participate in auto lending, some of which are technologically advanced and some of which are tiny credit unions that no matter what you do, require faxes and phone calls and so forth to settle claims. I think we are at the forefront of the digital integration. And in fact, although others in the industry may have announced partnerships with certain integrators, we'd actually started with them, I think, six or nine months prior to even their engagement with Dealertrack, for example. So we have been at the forefront of obtaining the loan payoff balance, and we are at the forefront of servicing and paying that loan balance in the letters of guarantee and the other ancillary services and offerings that come with it. So I think as much as you can be, given the fragmented nature in highly varying degrees of technological sophistication among financial institutions. I'd say we're at the forefront of that.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I'd say without getting into the nitty-gritty, we're experiencing growth consistently across the countries, including our long-time incumbent markets like the U.K. and Brazil, for example, where we're experiencing growth due to both market trends as well as share capture and the like. And then in our emerging markets, so to speak, or our new -- more newly entered markets like Germany and Spain and Finland, we are experiencing growth. They are -- by their nature, still small enough that they don't affect the overall growth equation that much.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. I appreciate the question, John. And those are good questions. And as you might imagine, we do AD test to those specific notions. So are certain cars or certain products better off in their own stand-alone auctions virtually across the country or in a region or appended to the existing Copart auctions that are increasingly twice weekly at each of our facilities. So we test those things. And ultimately, we'll do what is best for returns. The question would be how we drive the superior economic outcomes for our sellers. So I don't think we have a definitive rule of thumb that it must be 1 giant auction or that it must be highly specialized. I would say we have examples of both. So our NPA auctions continue to operate on a stand-alone basis. Our big actions that, for example, our Grand Prairie Yard in Dallas continue to run, I think, twice weekly, big auctions that include most of the products product types that we might sell out of that facility. So we see both, and I think we could very well evolve over time. That's just a function of observed behavior and observe the outcomes.
Jeff Liaw: No, pretty good question. I think we see opportunity to win the right to sell cars on behalf of financial institutions, including ones handled by ADESA and including cars handled by other folks as well. So perhaps not uniquely so, but of course, there is obviously some press, some noise in that specific circumstance that has given rise to discussions and conversations with prospective sellers.
Jeff Liaw: I think it's more evolutionary than not in the sense, Gary, that we talk to our customers literally every day. So there aren't going to be any new bombs dropped an event like that. But I think it's a nice opportunity to crystallize some of that thinking and to gather more consensus views on what the priorities are. And so for sure, cycle times, for sure, salvage returns. And I think as I noted in the introductory remarks, people pressure on their front that leads them to want to lay more of the work on Copart to have us perform more services for them. That's probably the biggest emerging theme we've seen over the past couple of years. So we have virtual inspection services that we've seen a very dramatic uptick in the adoption across many of our customers.
Leah Stearns: Yes, that definitely was a benefit on the sequential margin improvement. So I would continue to expect that as diesel prices remain low and then we get the benefit of some of our investments around our logistics and transportation capabilities that we would continue to see that be a benefit. Certainly, the labor and inflationary pressures on towing costs around labor availability. That was a big pressure about a year ago, so we're beginning to see the other elements of the cost of transportation come down, which is nice to see, and that should flow through from a margin perspective.
Leah Stearns: Yes. No. So we saw ASPs down across the board at about 1.4%. In the U.S., that was down 1.1%. And that was compared to a 4% decline on the Manheim Index. And again, most of that is driven by mix. It's hard to obviously pinpoint the exact drivers of it. But I think what's important to appreciate is that we certainly have an evolving mix of vehicles that are coming through our auctions quarter-to-quarter, and there's a fairly static set of units that are being measured through that Manheim Index. So I do think there is less of a correlation today than what you've historically observed between those two.
Leah Stearns: Yes. Units were up 4%, and they were up I believe, 7% excluding low value, and they were up 12% -- or 15% internationally. Sorry, 12% internationally.
