A. Jayson Adair: We've got a great domestic system. The purpose then going in for the new system was to implement our international strategy. And then our attitude was, well, if we're going to do this, we're going to go through the work of building a new system, let's make it robust enough so eventually it can replace the U.K. and the U.S. systems. And the way I explain it is, the $29 million write-off is a prime example. You're putting a huge number of resources on something. I don't believe that SAP is the right tool for us on the enterprise system, that was something we went into thinking that it was, and it takes time to do these things to find out and get visibility to realize if it's the right thing or the wrong thing. We've got great systems domestically. In five years, would I like to see those systems integrated worldwide with one instance? Sure I would, and I think that's something we can do, but we can do that in a much more pragmatic approach, module by module, application by application. The systems that we have today are very functional. It was never about replacing them because they don't get the job done. Look at the growth that we've seen in our revenue growth in the last two years, and those systems are very strong, very stable, capable of servicing our clients, everything is good there. That wasn't the intent. The intent was, hey, let's take advantage of new technology that's coming out. Five years ago, iPhones were kind of new. Let's take advantage of new technology where we're doing a lot of the work at the yard with iPhones and iPads and that kind of thing and let's build in a business warehouse, database warehouse where we can get this. So there was a big, big, big scope that at the end of the day I'm convinced that's the wrong approach. The right approach is to go module by module, application by application, improve it, release it, do it in an agile scrum approach so that you always got releases coming out, and not try to do some massive enterprise system interface, and I'm sure you've heard before some of the challenges with companies taking this approach, and we had our reservations about it when we got into this but we thought we were going to be able to do it, and we've been really successful on technology as a company. And so, sometimes that makes you think you can get stuff done that maybe is a little harder to do. And I'm convinced now that the approach that we're on is the right approach. We're going to be cutting back our spend this quarter, has spend in it that would have been capitalized in the past, Will commented on that. So, as we were building this new system, we've got certain expenses that were being capitalized, we're now expensing those through, and we're going to be just taking a much more pragmatic and focused approach to getting the international systems integrated so that they are on one instance, and then eventually bringing that into the U.S. and the U.K. so that those systems are replaced over time. But it's not going to be something we're going to do in a big capital plan project, it's going to be a much more improvement quarter to quarter to quarter, month to month to month, and eventually the systems we got get smaller and smaller until they are replaced.
A. Jayson Adair: No, we're going to keep that component of the system. So, we'll be keeping the actual financial reporting tools or replacing the tools that we've got now. So that we are not switching, it's the enterprise system piece that we are not going to go down the path of trying to integrate.
A. Jayson Adair: It doesn't really change the strategy in terms of where we want to go and what we want to do but it does slow it down a bit. So we've got another system that we've built, that we'll be improving, and doing one location at a time and integrating it. So, it's going to delay the integration, it will delay some of the international expansion, but it doesn't change the strategy. We're still going to be going after the same markets that we've identified and continuing that growth strategy.
A. Jayson Adair: I would argue that there's always an RFP that's out there. So that was a unique scenario where there were two very large players that went through a process, that's not happening right now, but there's always business that we are tendering and trying to bring onboard.
A. Jayson Adair: We review that every Board Meeting. So we're always thinking about it and always looking at our options, Craig.
A. Jayson Adair: We can have some in our next quarter but primarily it's over, yes. I'd say materially you're correct.
A. Jayson Adair: I don't think it will take all four quarters but it will be something that we're working on now and you'll see the effects of that in Q4, Q1, Q2, but it should happen very quickly, but I don't like to say two quarters and it's three. So by saying fiscal '15, that gives us a nice area to work on and get that all taken care of. And some of this stuff that we're doing will take six months to implement. There are some changes that we'll be making that don't happen right away, but nothing there we can see today is more than a year to implement, and that was the reason behind it.
A. Jayson Adair: It really boils down to, the system that we use today we have built ourselves, and the system that we are going to use internationally we built ourselves, and when you try to modify a system like SAP, it becomes a time and cost issue and we just weren't willing to stay married to that decision.
A. Jayson Adair: Pricing in the third quarter is what we would expect pricing to be in the third quarter. It tends to peak in the second or third quarter and it comes off as you enter in the summer and that's what we've seen. We had I'd say no question of peak in the second quarter and it's been relative to that number, one month it will be up a little, one month down a little bit, but the returns look strong. We talked to our customers and right now returns look good and we're very happy with what we're seeing in terms of percentage of ACV and in whole dollar ASP.
A. Jayson Adair: A year ago you were selling Hurricane Sandy cars and they sold for more money. So you really can't compare that. Those were cars that didn't have collision damage and so those are vehicles that are going to bring more money at auctions. So you just can't compare year-over-year with Sandy involved.
A. Jayson Adair: I think the biggest thing right now is vehicle age, you got an aging population of vehicles and that's obviously going to cause more of those vehicles to become total loss then. We're just seeing a lot of weather. I mean it's been a year of significant weather events. We were dealing with a call yesterday on some activity that we've got in the Northeast again. So, I intend that the trend will continue, mainly because of the age of the mix again, because vehicles are getting older. Cost of repair continually goes up. Value of vehicles continue to go gown as they get older and that just means more vehicles are going to be towed, it's just kind of basic math.
A. Jayson Adair: It's a very competitive market and I would say a market that changes quicker than the U.S. It's obviously a smaller market. The number of players is a much smaller number of players. The players tend to be larger accounts, meaning that the top 10 players in the U.K. control a larger share of the market than the top 10 players in the U.S. So it's a market where it's very quick to change, very progressive in terms of wanting the latest and the greatest products and services that are out there and very competitive. We've got – now I might be getting on the soapbox by telling you all the great things about us. So I obviously think we've got the best product and the best network of facilities and the lowest pickup times and the highest returns. So we as a team spend a considerable amount of time demonstrating our results both from a quantitative standpoint being objective and showing the numbers, and then also more of interacting with other customers and having them make testimonies on why they like doing business with Copart. So very aggressive, we had a great win, the team made that happen, the team in the U.K. made that happen, they are just on it, they do a wonderful job for the Company and for our customers out there, and I'd love to see that happen again next year, but who knows, that's something we are always shooting for.
A. Jayson Adair: I'll just add to that a little bit. We have the teams built in the international markets excluding the U.K. that we have in the U.S. and the U.K. So we've got all the support from an analytics standpoint, we've got all the support from a technology IT standpoint, the marketing team, and you can go on and on and on and yet you don't have the vehicle flow going through yet, you don't have the vehicles to offset the cost which you got there. So it's much more front-end loaded with cost, and as the vehicles come in, those will create a market that's more like the U.S. and the U.K.
A. Jayson Adair: Okay, thank you. Appreciate everybody coming on the call. Thanks for the questions and it was a pleasure for us to be able to give you some flavor on how the quarter came in and how it looks and we look forward to reporting in Q4. Thank you.
William E. Franklin: We think our run rate basis will eventually arrive at a number that's lower than what we have now. It will take a number of quarters to get to that level and to rationalize the cost that are currently embedded in our system, particularly on the technology side. And like Jay said earlier, we can't give guidance on when those costs will leave our system.
William E. Franklin: It was, primarily we had a little growth in Europe, but like I said, the change was insignificant, it was $1 million. So we had some growth in Europe, we had a decline in North America as we changed our focus to fewer cars but more profitable cars. So the margin was enhanced, total revenue number was down, but primarily there was no significant change.
William E. Franklin: No, I think there will be an impact on the portion of the total spend that will be capitalized. I think in the short term we're going to capitalize less. I think over the long term, when I say long-term I'm talking about six to eight quarters, that you'll see an overall reduction in our spend on technology and a more measured approach to the rollout of different applications. As Jay said, instead of having a big bang approach to deploying a system that costs tens of millions of dollars, we'll pick one application, for example [assignment] (ph) entry or dispatch, we'll develop that application such that it can accommodate North America requirements, we'll roll that out internationally, and over the course of time we'll have a system that addresses our international operations as well as our domestic operations. At that point, our current system will be sunset. That can take years. But in terms of total spend, it will be at a lower level and a more measured approach.
William E. Franklin: The answer to both of those is, yes, marginally. So the pace of growth subsided somewhat this quarter, and on a sequential basis, the processing time also reduced. On a year-over-year basis, it was up nevertheless. When I say year-over-year, I'm talking about the processing time.
William E. Franklin: That's hard to predict. It could be several quarters. I think that this increase in volume has to be absorbed by the insurance industry itself in terms of their ability to clear these cars. We've done our calculations and we've tried to estimate, in that 12% same-store inventory growth, we estimate about 4% to 5% of that is due to processing time, which gets us back to an inventory growth excluding that of 7% to 8% which is pretty much in line with our same-store sales growth rate. So we start to triangulate to a number that appears to be playing to about a 7% growth.
William E. Franklin: Capital allocation consideration is primarily in our business, it's not just in things that we capitalize, it's in almost every dollar that goes out the door. So anyway, I just wanted to make that point as we discussed the allocation of capital.
William E. Franklin: We're progressing. We have unique needs and we're looking for just the right person with this not only in terms of experience but in terms of personality and culture. Copart has its unique culture and for someone to thrive here, they have to be part of that, and so all I can say is that we're proceeding full speed ahead.
William E. Franklin: We've got – the only expenses that are really left, Gary, are some of the moving package expenses, stuff like that, that has a longer tail on it. So everybody is moved but there is, you've got some hiring that we've got to do, there is some cost associated with bringing new people in, headhunting fees, that kind of thing. You've got some lagging costs associated with moving, but we're almost there. So 2015 is, I'm looking forward to it being our most normalized year, barring another Hurricane Sandy which we don't want. But assuming that we just have weather and hailstorms and the things that are normal that happen across the country, I don't foresee anything that's going to be kind of out there and disallows us to get G&A normalized.
William E. Franklin: Yes, quite frankly, yes, and in fact that allowed us to make that decision. So we knew that SAP was at least a year and perhaps two years away and we needed to develop something in the interim to allow us to open up some of these international markets. So we embarked on developing that and what we saw as interim solution we liked so much, we thought that we could build upon that and that gave us the leeway to make the decision that we made.
William E. Franklin: Sure. I can talk about directionality. I can tell you that North America gross margins are almost as strong as they've ever been, we're very happy with that. Then if you look at U.K. margins, so their EBITDA contribution on a per car basis is what we look at is almost closer to the United States but the margins are much lower, the margins are about 45% lower than that of the United States simply because of the composition of their revenue. They have much more purchased car revenue. So as we grow U.K. revenue as a percentage of our total revenue and as we grow international revenue as a percentage of our total revenue, it has a suppressive impact on our gross margins. And so, it's hard to really analyze our business at the gross margin level because of that, because it is tied so closely to the percentage of our total revenue that comes from purchase activity. So we internally look at EBITDA per car as a metric that we should be focusing on.
William E. Franklin: No, I can't predict it on an overall basis, I can speak to each segment individually because all are so unique in their characteristics, and like I said, North America had a very strong gross margin quarter.
William E. Franklin: No, I'm sorry. It would be based on some assumptions I do in my head right now and I just don't want to give that number.
William E. Franklin: I'm glad you brought up that comment. So let me clarify it. It's international excluding the U.K. So I mean U.K., like Jay said, they've got a model that's very similar to ours in terms of contribution. But the other countries, Brazil, GCC, Spain, Germany, they are just not there yet, they don't have – there's so much value to scale that it's hard to quantify and when you're less than 30% of the market, you can't do the things that you can when you exceed that number, and the U.S. and U.K. have done so and you can see the results. The others are in the process of growing their market share, but until they do so, the contributions just aren't close to what they are otherwise.
