Jayson Adair: Well, first we really won’t address the international operations outside of the U.K that they're not meaningful to our financial results, but we will talk about our increased confidence in our international strategy and our view of the opportunity in Germany as well as all of Western Europe. So, it's important to understand that Europe operates on a different model in terms of the total loss settlement process. In Mainland Europe, the insurance company simply gives the policy holder a check for the diminished value of their car, and then it's up to the policy holder to dispose of that car. We think that the Copart model provides value not only to the policy holder because obviously under the Copart model, they're getting a full reimbursement for that car upfront providing them the ability to go and replace that car immediately as opposed to waiting until they ultimately dispose of a wrecked asset. We also think it provides value to the other constituents of this transaction including the buyer. So in the German model, a buyer will submit a bid for a wrecked car and then wait as long as 21 days before he knows if he will receive that car. And in fact statistics show that ultimately the buyer gets that car less than 10% of time. So it's important to know that these buyers are buying raw material for their business, they take these to increase value and they need access to these cars at a specific time and a car of a specific type. And so for them to wait 21 days means that they're willing to bid less for those cars because of the uncertainty. So in this model, they’re actually bidding less for the cars, which means the insurance companies are paying too much in their settlement because the recoveries are less than what they would be under the efficient model that Copart provides. So we're very comfortable that we can come into this market and provide value. In fact we think that the insurance companies that adopt us have an opportunity to be somewhat disruptive in that market. We've done three test auctions, and in all three of those test auctions, the returns that we achieved were substantially greater than the returns achieved under the current model of disposing of those cars. I'm not sure if that answered all your questions, Lee, but I think that gives kind of a good overview of that market and our view of how we will affect it.
Jayson Adair: Yes, first off - everyone is different. So we can open up some Greenfields and we will have volume immediately, and obviously in that situation, the upfront detriment to our margins is much shorter. I would say it was typically about a year before they are up and fully operational and functional, in general.
Jayson Adair: I just talked about all the elements that influence that number and so you'd have kind of come to your own decision about how those will be affected by the introduction of new technologies and new laws. We don’t think that in the short term I am referencing probably three or four, five years that anything is going to change with the current trends.
Jayson Adair: No, I don’t think the activity is going to change in a meaningful manner. It’s just not a big enough part of our business to move the needle.
Jayson Adair: Yes, I would say that all of our recent experiences have done nothing but make us feel more optimistic about these markets and the timing is somewhat uncertain but we will be proceeding with systems and resources and I anticipate real estate as well.
Jayson Adair: Daniel, let me quantify it a little bit for you. Copart from an inventory perspective, grew 20% in the quarter. We have over 400,000 cars on the ground. So if you do that math and you then calculate that you can only store about 100 cars per acre, and you sit back and you think about the fact that Copart added over 60,000 units to inventory year-over-year, you’ve got to add 600 acres of land to the company. And that's the kind of growth that we’ve been seeing in the last year and that's, as Will said, we anticipate that growth going forward. So we are - when we talk about our 20/20/20 program that was where we started six months ago. We will anticipate opening more than 20 locations at this point and expanding more than 20 locations at this point because of the growth in units and the corresponding growth and inventories because we have to store those vehicles.
Jayson Adair: Yes, that market - I went in with a team during that event. That market is about a quarter the size of Hurricane Katrina off the top of my head. So big event. We picked up a lot of cars, but still relatively small compared to a Katrina. In terms of a Hurricane Sandy, Sandy was less than Katrina, probably a third off the top of my head the size of Hurricane Sandy.
Jayson Adair: I’ll tell you, it’s just extremely difficult to give you a response because of the uncertainty of acquiring this land. Not only is it difficult to locate, it’s extremely difficult to get it properly zoned. And the timing of that creates the uncertainty I’m talking about. In total if you look at the total schedule of properties that we're targeting, it's in the many hundreds of acres. And so over the course of probably two years, we’ll be expending a significant amount of capital to obtain those acres. And the math is right. I mean, if we talked about volume growth. If you've got three years of volume growth at 8%, you're at a 27% growth in overall market. And if you assume your markets 4 million cars, you’re well over 1 million cars, additional cars. And so it’s becoming a real issue. And that’s why we’re so extremely focused on it. We have a lot of resources focused on paying this land because without this land you can’t properly satisfy and service your insurance customers.
Jayson Adair: Yes, a lot of the volume that we had in market share was a year ago in the farmers account. There’s some new business that’s come on in the most recent quarter. So you’ll be seeing that trend extending in the year. So as I think Will or Jeff is about to give you a number, I want to make sure you understand that, that number will increase as we go into the new year from additional market share gains.
Jayson Adair: Clearly, it has caused the average age of vehicles to move up, as Jeff stated earlier. In terms of bucket of cars that are missing in that particular year, I think if you - if we can just take an extreme, if we didn’t sell any cars one year and the next year we sold twice as many cars, I think it would just move the average down. I don’t think it would be indicative of some kind of air pocket or other impact. So, it definitely had an impact in the average age of the vehicles. And as Jeff stated, that is starting to reverse now as we’re seeing 17 million new car sales a year.
Jayson Adair: Thanks, Samantha. Again, thank you, everyone, for attending the fourth quarter call. We will be reporting on the first quarter in the New Year fiscal 2017 on the next call. We look forward to chatting with everyone then. Thanks so much. Bye.
Jeffrey Liaw: And I might add to that. Some insurance companies run as high as 20% in total loss and the average for the industry today quoted by CCC is 17…
Jeffrey Liaw: 19, right now, okay. So in average of 19%, some are as high as 20% and yes the shift 25 years ago was closer to 10%. So it continued to - we used to give the analogy of the throwaway television. You had TV repairmen 50 years ago, and now that's pretty rare. So it’s the same thing with vehicle. As the complexity of vehicles increases, it makes them much more likely to total loss.
Jeffrey Liaw: Elizabeth this is Jeff. On this one dimension alone it's certainly the case, the scrap values have improved year-over-year. I think it’s worth noting a couple of things. One, scrap value most acutely affects our lowest end cars. So a car that's likely to be rebuilt likely to be returned to service for some number of years export or otherwise is affected much less by scrap. So it’s the lowest end vehicles that are affected not literally, not necessarily the high end cars, part one. Part two is, there are other contributing forces so the strength of the U.S. dollar being an important consideration given the number of cars we export out of the U.S. The dollar has clearly strengthened against a lot of our reference currencies, a lot of our export currencies. So that’s an offsetting consideration. But yes, all else equal scrap improvement year-over-year would be helpful, yes.
Jeffrey Liaw: Elizabeth we've done a fair bit of homework on this questions you could imagine ourselves and when I look - I’d say we have seen historical analog in the sense that we’ve seen accidents rates decline for a very long period of time. So from the mid 1970s to 2011 accident rates declined very steadily as the last generation of accident avoidance technologies spread through the market. It took decades for it to do so which is also going to be true today. If the U.S. for example will see 15 million or 17 million of new car shipments in a given year, we have a car park of 250 million or 260 million cars. It is just decades but the math is fairly straightforward. It will take decades before all cars have these technologies. The second note is, over that same period of time from the 1970s to 1980s, to 2011 the salvage industry grew well because the decline in accidents was more than offset by the total loss frequency which is again a function of repair cost, vehicle age and so forth. So we’ve seen this movie before. I think a lot of that will be true going forward as well. A lot of the technologies that makes automobile safer also make them much more expensive to repair. You heard Will talk about computers and sensors and so forth. The typical car is much more complex today than it was 10 years ago. So the math is decades, I think it’s an open question as to precisely how many but I think it’s decades away.
Jeffrey Liaw: Ryan, that's an understatement. I think we do not historically provide detailed guidance or general guidance but I think your enquiry is fair. The most important driver you did hear Will talk about which is the unit growth and therefore growth assumptions. I’d say just looking backwards say four to eight quarters, big divers are currency, scrap values, catastrophic events which can cause higher than normalized cost incurrence, G&A is largely predictable for us, we don’t provide forward guidance except to say that it will continue to increase on an absolute dollar basis given the increased size and complexity of our business. So there are no other discontinuities. I think the general trends should be similar. As for capital investment, I think you noted at the end of your question about capital investment, that won't per se affect the P&L that substantially as you know we have deployed meaningful capital and land assets. So if you went to some other measures of operating performance, returns on invested capital and so forth, our investments and our infrastructure could of course affect those numbers.
Jeffrey Liaw: Thanks for the question, Matt. I think you are asking about attachment rates for other ancillary services that Copart provides. Its buyers or sellers and we don’t customarily comment on those kinds of things.
William Franklin: Simply growth in volume. It's kind of funny, I used to be on the finance side and I was always arguing that you need to operate yards at 100% capacity. And for the six weeks during the time of the year where you have peak, you just operate it efficiently, that doesn’t work. On the off side, you have to have a certain amount of excess capacity and now as we enter an environment where we’re having CAT situations more frequently for whatever reason, it amplifies the need to have excess capacity in terms of land to adequately serve our insurance customers. And so because of that, we're - because of the increase of volume, because of the increase in cash and because of the growth in our market share, we find ourselves in a position where we really need to expand our network of facilities.
William Franklin: Hi, Brad just a little more color here. I think the reason you hear us reluctant to provide more specific forward-looking guidance on this is because real estate by its nature is so episodic and unpredictable. We were pursuing land in Southern California for 20 plus years until we found a yard that made sense for us at the location, the permitting and the value available to us. So the business is somewhat elastic. If you look at an aerial photo of our nearby yards in Southern California until we opened a new one, they were clearly fuller than other yards within Copart. We want to be disciplined about how we buy land. We expect to be aggressive about buying and developing land, but that’s also somewhat dependent on availability, permitting, timing and so forth. So it’s a big part of our forward-looking strategy. It’s just very hard to narrow it down to say next quarter. It’s precisely this many yards, it’s precisely this many millions of dollars.
William Franklin: Yes, it is a lot difficult to arrive at a specific number with that certainty. I mean if we look at the growth in the market, we assume it’s 8%. And that’s 20% of our business, 6.5% to 7% came from market growth. And so the balance came from either new business or CAT. And the CAT level is probably 2% of that.
William Franklin: I won't comment on that other than to say that industry research suggests that one of the drivers of the increase in the cost of repair these cars is the consolidation that’s occurring. So you’d have to imply that by that statement.
William Franklin: Every country has its own profile of car that we sell. Every insurance company has its own profile of cars that they provide to us. Some insurance salvage at a higher damage rate, some at a lower damage rate. Overall trends in used car pricing, FX, scrap metal pricing; things like proximity to port have an impact on the selling price of the vehicle. I mean, there’s a lot of inputs and drivers in this ASP movement.
William Franklin: We have. We’ve seen just a marginal increase in international activity, but nothing near where it was two years ago.
