A. Adair: Thank you, Travis. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Copart. We'll also report on the fiscal year 2017. I'm going to pass it over to Jeff Liaw, our Chief Financial Officer. After a financial update, he'll give it to Will Franklin, our Executive Vice President, who will give you an update on operations. And then finally, I'll talk on the superstorm taking place in Houston and the work taking place in Houston and Florida. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Liaw. 
A. Adair: It's not used materially. I think we're storing 400 or 500 cars there that hit the Punta Gorda area because that yard actually did sustain some damage. That facility that we have there did get flooded. So as a way to switch that one out, we moved those vehicles into Okeechobee there. Okeechobee got room for ... 
A. Adair: Sure. So assuming that you try to base it on what you think your competitor process is and then you try to figure out how many vehicles are uninsured, meaning liability-only coverage, no cost, no collision coverage, so we would never see those vehicles. You're probably looking -- I know there was some numbers out there of 1 million units. You're probably looking at about 0.25 million units would be our guess that were damaged in the storm based on what we picked up, what our competitors are going to process and based on what we believe the market to be, the liability-only coverage vehicles. So Bret, I think that was your question, I understand, how big the actual event is, okay. As far as the types of damage, Sandy was a saltwater damage. This is more fresh water. And Katrina vehicles sat in the water for up to 7 days, 10 days. I mean, it would be -- it took a long time to get the water off during Katrina. And this is much less than that, freshwater damage. And in many cases, a lot of the vehicles I've looked at, clearly, some of the vehicles went completely underwater, but a lot of the vehicles I looked at have only had light damage. So my guess is, that these will fare a little better than the vehicles that we sold in Sandy and significantly better than the vehicles we sold in Katrina. I mean, if you're going to try and grade flood vehicles these would be better flood vehicles than normal. 
A. Adair: And I -- just a little bit to add. And that is, that the cost on this will be higher. The cost associated with Sandy, while high, will not -- I would argue not as high as what we're seeing in the Houston market. So we'll have more -- as Jeff said, we'll have more color on it when we disclose Q1. But just so you're aware, the actual rent per car is, is turning out to be higher than we paid in the past. 
A. Adair: I think our competitor may have actually disclosed the amount of units that they thought they were going to handle in their call. And you might be able to look at that. 
A. Adair: I mean, that's an easy answer, [ no ]. I mean, these fleet vehicles are not like typical salvage because they're not damaged, and they represent a small number. We're selling over 2 million cars a year, [ 1,000 additional in a ] well over a 4 million car market, it's a small number overall. 
A. Adair: Sure. It's primarily real estate. I mean, the personnel and selling costs are relatively the same. Relatively the same, meaning adjusting for inflation since the storm. Katrina was 12 years ago and Sandy was 5 years ago. But it's mainly leasing cost. We had property lined up and long story short, we were put in a position, had to pay a little more for the property than we had originally thought we were going to pay for it. So that caused us to -- it's going to cause us to have a higher lease or rent per car expense than we expected, and that we've had in prior storms. 
A. Adair: Not materially, no. I mean, again, adjusted for inflation, they may be a little higher, but other than that, towing, personnel cost and all other associated costs are roughly the same with prior storms, but costs will be higher in this event due to lease expense. 
A. Adair: All right. Thank you, Travis. Thank you, everyone, for attending our fourth quarter call. And we look forward to reporting on Q1 on the next call. Thanks so much. Bye.
Jeffrey Liaw: I can address 2 of those. So the business model is that they are a -- they historically have been a wholesale-only auction platform for motorcycles. The business actually was born -- is largely serving first lenders for repossessed bikes. Over the years, they have diversified their source of powersports vehicle and diversified beyond motorcycles as well. But today, they, and now we, source vehicles both from lenders for repossessions as well as from dealers. The buyers are largely dealers themselves who in turn would sell through their own retail channels. That's been the business model. They've got 5 locations today across the country. We believe there is potential for growth, as I noted earlier, both in terms of geographic expansion as well as further market penetration. The powersports arena is less intermediated than, for example, the car or the automotive universe, and so there's potential in both regard. As for the purchase multiple, historically, as you know, from Universal Salvage in '07, QCSA in '13, we tend not to elaborate meaningfully on those front. This is a compelling acquisition to us financially as well as strategically. We believe it's accretive to us on an operating income basis. And I think that should be illustrative. That's how we think about businesses in terms of the actual cash flow and operating income delivered. We believe it makes good sense for Copart in those regard. 
Jeffrey Liaw: So John, I think that's a fair question, and we weren't -- we're not purposefully being evasive. This is something we'll talk about at the end of Q1. As you know, there are offsetting considerations here. On the one hand, we do run additional unit volume through our fixed infrastructure, so in that regard it is helpful. But as you also know, we face elevated cost, both in terms of the towing expenses, personnel expenses as well and of course, through catastrophic leases. So there are -- those are the offsetting considerations. And again, we'll provide the color. I know that what you're looking for, the directional answer, but we'll have to wait for Q1 and we'll elaborate much further then. 
Jeffrey Liaw: John, I think that's a decision and a process that we undertake on an ongoing basis sort of with among ourselves as well as with our Board of Directors as to the appropriate places to allocate capital. Over the long haul, you noted exactly how we do deploy capital, both through acquisitions as well as through share buyback to return capital to the shareholder. There are no imminent expectations of us taking potential action on any of those fronts. But certainly, over time, those will be the 2 paths. And we will -- I should -- also organic investments in our own business. As you well know, capital expenditures for the past couple of years have trended meaningfully above our historical rate. So it's really that first, reinvestment in the business, one, strategic tuck-in acquisitions and share buyback. 
Jeffrey Liaw: I think as you already know, nonsalvage is a meaningful part of Copart's business today. I think we've shared some rough rules of thumb in the past and said that 80-20 would be about the right ratio for insurance and the noninsurance-related. So this doesn't signal anything new. It's a continuation of our strategy in general. And it's also an important enhancement into our powersports capabilities in particular. You've heard us talk about CrashedToys and how important that is for us to differentiate ourselves within this portion of the marketplace. And the reason that it is of strategic value to us is in large part because the National Powersport team brings particular expertise in that regard. 
Jeffrey Liaw: It won't meaningfully change the profile of the company overall, both because of the size as well as the nature of the economics. It's much more similar than it is different. 
Jeffrey Liaw: I can provide some broader color on that for you. We, including based on results over the past many years as well as the past few years, view this as a growth business fundamentally. And so the last time, I think, we shared a good concrete number was the fiscal '15 annual report [indiscernible]. We said we had plus or minus 8,000 acres systemwide. So if the business is growing 5% to 10% and you want to maintain capacity utilization at levels where you've been before, which generally speaking you could do, it does require a substantial investment year-to-year. So you shouldn't expect the investments to just fall off a cliff overnight, one day, so long as the underlying trend in our business is driving activity, accident rates, total loss ratios. For that matter, catastrophic event continue to yield favorable or increase the salvage result, you should expect additional land investments. That's been the story for Copart for decades. Certainly, for the past few quarters as well and for the future as well. 
Jeffrey Liaw: Q1? Substantial. Well, we can't really provide much more color than that. We are incurring a meaningful proportion of the costs. You've now heard Jay and Will kind of separately describe the mismatch in timing in that you'll see meaningful costs in Q1 and Q2. You will really start to see meaningful sales in Q2 and Q3. And as Jay noted, tripling [ in Q4 ] as well. So it will be a meaningful part of the conversation end of Q1. 
Jeffrey Liaw: The international opportunity is real. I would say the domestic opportunity is probably still a higher priority given there are only -- they only have 5 locations today. We only have 5 locations in NPA: in San Diego, in Texas, Cincinnati, Philadelphia, Atlanta. So we believe that geographic penetration is very relevant. We've done analysis to figure out for their consignment volume how much comes within sort of X miles of a geographic radius. And we think that having a broader footprint in the United States is of a real value to us first. Internationally, I think that's down the road and a real possibility as well. As for the technology question, they have run stand-alone company very capably and thoughtfully for many years. They've got a stable auction platform as well. As for future integration, I think that remains a discussion for future periods. 
Jeffrey Liaw: That's a fair question, Samik, and we appreciate it. The reason I even paused for a second is, there's always math to be done in terms of "incremental units," right? You would have picked up steady-state units in a given market and how many do you actually pick up over that time. In a time period, how much is attributable to the natural disaster itself and how much would you have gotten otherwise? Directionally speaking, I think in our annual report, at the time, we had indicated that we picked up, plus or minus, 85,000 vehicles. So I think what you've heard from Jay is directionally this is just similar. The dust will settle and we'll be more precise about it. But in terms of the rough scale of the unit volume, I think it's -- probably think of it as directionally similar to Sandy. 
Jeffrey Liaw: We don't comment about market share globally, nationally or regionally. I'd look to the analysts for assistance on that. I think they broadly have a reasonable picture of the marketplace. 
Jeffrey Liaw: No, the towing, in particular, is the portion of the expense for ordinary course cars, Gary. And this catastrophic event leads to additional accounting questions on precisely how much to capitalize and how much not to. But for the typical car with Copart, that is the one portion of the cost that is notably capitalized and deferred into the period in which it's sold. 
Jeffrey Liaw: Hang on one second there, Gary. Great, Gary, clarifying question. A clarifying point here as the guys were reminding me. Revenue recognition, by the way, is a topic that you've heard a lot of companies talk about. It continues to evolve. But today at Copart, the way we account for the tow cost and the associated revenue is to book those things when they occur. So we book the revenue and we book the tow cost in the period in which we pick up the car. And so it is a catastrophic event, historically, the way we have accounted for it is to book the extraordinary expenses in the period immediately. We do not [indiscernible]. 
William Franklin: Another comment on our capacity in Florida. One of the reasons that we're not in need of additional sublots is because previously we had purchased a 51-acre site in Jacksonville, which we had not announced, but which we are able to utilize in this situation. 
William Franklin: No, I think all indications are very positive. I think a [ gating ] issue in further expansion will be our acquisition of real estate. We're very optimistic about the potential of that market. And as we've said before, when we talk about Germany, we're really talking about all of Europe and the EU. 
William Franklin: Well, let me add one more point. The expenses and the revenues in these kind of situations are very choppy. We tend to recognize the expenses upfront. So while we'll have well over $10 million on lease expenses at least in the current commitment, the revenue generated from the car that -- in which those cars are -- reside won't come until they're sold, most likely that will be in Q3 and Q4. So you're going to see the revenues recognized upfront and the revenues recognized in subsequent quarters. 
William Franklin: We're very aware of the program. We're just too early in the process to figure out the impact this ultimately will have on our financial results. 
William Franklin: It's about 25% international, about 25% of the product going outside of Germany and about 75% is within Germany. 
William Franklin: We think we need significant growth in our capacity. I mean, if you look at our average quarterly growth over the last 12 quarters, it's over 10%. If you look over the last 8 quarters, it's over 13% in a very stable used car pricing environment. So if you look at the future and you see off-lease vehicles that could approach 4.5 million units a year at the same time you're going to see new car SAAR numbers in the 15 million. I've seen projections as low as the 13 million level. There's been a real tight correlation between the percentage of off-lease vehicles to new car sales and the movement of used car pricing. And when that percentage exceeds 20%, we've seen a meaningful decline in used car pricing. So if that's the case, and we do expect used car pricing to decline, then just based on the math, we expect total loss frequency to continue to increase. 
William Franklin: And that gives rise to a couple other thoughts I'd like to share. One is, we have a fundamental change in our approach to our business. So in the past, there was far less volatility in the number of units that we process at a car -- at a yard. And now we're seeing wild swings, not only due to CAT event, but for other reasons. And so it was easier to operate closer to the edge, closer to 100%, 105% capacity when we knew that our yard capacity would peak the last week in January, the first week in February and then stay there for 6 weeks. Now we can't service our insurance customers with that model. So in non-CAT areas, we look at an 85% capacity threshold. In CAT areas, we're going to go 70% capacity threshold. So that requires us to expand even further than the growth in the market would indicate. And finally, as we've talked about, we are building our business more and more around our ability to address CAT situation. That's evidenced by our yard that we opened in Okeechobee. We actually purchased a site in Houston that's about 240 acres. We just purchased it so recently we're not able to use it in this storm, but would be available to us next year. So along with the growth in the market, along with our change in our business model, along with our focus on being able to service our customers in a CAT situation, our need for land will continue to grow for the next few years. 
William Franklin: As [ the fleet ] continue to grow, the most recent report was the first quarter of this calendar year by ISS and I think it was up 2%. Carpark is growing at less than 1% and -- but total loss frequency, which is more difficult to get industry information on, appears to be at -- remaining at an elevated level. So we don't see anything that in the near horizon that's going to change the dynamics that are driving the growth. 
William Franklin: Yes, we're always looking at technology to make us operationally more efficient. And I think that's a -- I think that's been our focus in the near term. And we're rolling out a number of different features that make our yard operations operate paperless and transfer them to a more seamlessly way that allows us to serve both our buyers and our sellers better. 
