Jay Adair: Thanks, John. Appreciate it. While fiscal 2020 was a record year despite the pandemic, and as we talked about in the last quarter, our people performed across the organization through what was really a year of not just challenges, but a year of unknowns, and we met daily, we course corrected daily, and I'm happy and proud to say that we had an amazing - not only record year in terms of results, but in terms of accomplishments. And Q1 of this year is starting strong and I believe it's indicative of the year ahead. I was talking to Jeff this morning, 26 years ago, Willis and I went to New York and Copart became a public Company. And as I stepped on the streets of New York and saw it for the first time, I was amazed and when we eventually went public and I saw the inner workings of Wall Street, I was amazed and I was confused. And today, 26 years later, I can't say I understand Wall Street any better. I think that's probably a good thing. What I do know is a great Company when I see it, and Copart is a great Company. Jeff and John are going to give you guys details today on the quarter, but at the highest level, when we look at Q1 we saw record results, we saw record sale prices and we saw record returns for our customers. And that bodes well for our future. Copart has continued to grow over the years. We've done that till process have being prepared, we've done that through excellent technology, the best systems, the best technology in the industry and the best people delivering the best service in the industry. And I see no reason why that's going to change. Just three years ago, the entire EBITDA for Copart for the year was nearly $538 million, and then this quarter, we generated over $275 million of EBITDA. And we knew this was going to happen, we started a campaign, 3.5, four years ago called 20/20/20 where we went out and aggressively started adding land to our existing locations and opening additional new locations and then in addition to that, we went out and opened up mega sites for catastrophes all along the Eastern seaboard and all the way over to across the Gulf and into Houston. And so we've continued to be prepared, we've continued to spend big on land and we did that again not only in 2020, but in the first quarter of this year. We now have a record number of acres available to us to store cars, and that means that we have the capacity for not just the market as it grows and we'll continue to do so with technology and cars, but as we continue to win new business. I view our continued investment in land as a continued investment in our future. And looking forward, we still have a large list of acquisitions that we would like to make. We won't be able to make them all, we won't be able to get the zoning, we won't be able to get the deal done on the land. And as many of you know on the call, some of these acquisitions can take three, four, five years to come to fruition. But we have a big pipeline, and we'll continue to work on that as we continue to believe in our growth. I'm happy to say that volume assigned is starting to return to pre-COVID levels. I actually had a little bit of traffic on the way to work this morning and we haven't really seen that in six months. So volume is almost back to where it was prior to COVID, not quite there yet, we still don't have everybody driving as frequently as they were before COVID. But clearly, we are starting to see a lot more miles driven across the country. Sales still lag, volume and this is obvious, but back when COVID started., we were selling off inventory even though we weren't getting big assignment volume, now we're getting large assignment volume and not selling off the inventory yet. So in the next quarter or two, I suspect we'll be selling those vehicles off and could be more or less back to normal in terms of assignment volume and sales volume in about six months. I'm excited about some of the new changes we've made in our senior management team. You heard John this morning, John has a two-decade plus experience in the Automotive industry, working in automotive companies. And so, I'm very excited to have him on our team. I know he's excited about our future and to be part of Copart and we're excited to have him in our leadership team as CFO of Copart. I've said this before, our people and our systems have never been stronger. And as you know, we don't think about Copart in a quarter or in the next year, we think about it in the next five to ten years. And I'm excited about the team that we have upgraded and built in the last six months. Our CFO, our Chief Marketing Officer, our COO and Jeff leading the team, I feel very good about our executive leadership team and our future for the next 10-year horizon. So now for more details on the quarter, I'd like to turn it over to Jeff, our President.
Jay Adair: Yes. I love it when you knock the cover off the ball and the market moves the opposite direction, you think it's going to move. So it's something I'm yet to figure out. I'll let you know.
Jay Adair: First just a clarifying point to make sure I didn't misspeak, but our - I think our ASPs last quarter were up 26% year-over-year and this quarter were up 37%. So the increases is more meaningful this quarter than it was last quarter. Yes, we are at all time highs, and yes, I believe these are all time year-over-year changes as well in selling prices. You may have been away for a moment, we did comment a little earlier on the selling price trends in the business and what portion of it is quote durable and not. And I think there is likely some supply and demand characteristics here. But overall when we have seen volumes decline 13%, but average selling prices increase 37%, we conclude that the absolute dollars flowing to Copart auctions are meaningfully up year-over-year. So it's not just supply and demand, it's not just a fixed number of dollars pursuing a certain number of units, it's much more than that. To your question about mix, I think it is fair to say that as we've seen total loss frequency increase that, that benefits us in the form of ASPs because marginal totals generate higher selling prices at auction. I would note that that's also been a multiple year trend. Total loss frequency in 1980 was 4%, today it's probably north of 20%. So it's not something that's happened during the pandemic, per se. But it arguably has accelerated to some extent during the pandemic, but it's been a true phenomenon for many years. Which is one reason why until if memory serves until the third quarter of 2020 which was right when the pandemic hit, until then we had experienced ASP increases for 13 straight quarters or thereabouts. And that is a reflection of our marketing efforts by recruitment total loss frequency and the like. So some of - so no doubt, some portion of the - there are secular drivers then, that will lead ASPs up over the very long haul. To what extent today's 37% increase is purely a pandemic related phenomenon? Very difficult to say. It's certainly not all of it.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, it's a very fair - and in certain complex answer - complex question and answer. I think in short, the prices are high, and it is assuredly not just the supply and demand. And I say that with some conviction Bob, because if volumes were down 13%, but ASPs are up 37%, then there are literally many, many, many more actual dollars purchasing cars at Copart, right, so on fewer units we're seeing more absolute dollars. So I think that leads me to conclude that at least in part, we are continuing to grow the demand base for the vehicles. You may recall we had grown, expanded our marketing efforts, we hired a new SVP of Marketing, we opened new lounges. So that's been an ongoing multiple decades theme, frankly, Bob. But that's certainly borne fruit in the pandemic, and we will continue to invest in that going forward. So how much of today's ASP increase is a function of supply and demand is hard to say. I'm sure it's part of it, but it's certainly not all of it. I think, equally important perhaps is the growth of the buyer base, and also frankly the total loss frequency. Those are interrelated as well and as total loss frequency increases and more and more marginal totals are totaled, those of course further drive ASPs upward, they further recruit new buyers because those cars are closer to immediately drivable. So there certainly is a favorable, a virtuous flywheel effect which we think is we're seeing in the pandemic as well.
Jeff Liaw: So I think the short answer to your question is that the countries have very much been affected by COVID-19. I think I made a brief comment in passing, there are the two varying degrees, and in general, more severely than in the U.S. Our plans and our intentions and our execution, I don't think had varied as a result of pandemic. So investing in Germany, which you called out specifically continues to be a key theme for us. We continue to invest in the land and the technology and the people. And we are selling cars as you noted on an agency basis for carriers in Germany today, and so far demonstrating excellent results in doing so. The growth path then remains the same with all of the opportunities and challenges you've heard us talk about on prior calls, but including changing the way the industry manages the total - the total loss process in general to the benefit of both insurance carriers and the policyholders. So that of course is a much longer discussion, but no, our perspective on it certainly hasn't changed.
Jeff Liaw: I think the - I'd say, the senior leadership approach at Copart has always been quite fluid, right. So I think the walls at Copart between functions and countries are quite a bit lower than what you would generally observe in public companies of our size and stature. So I think it's fluid, but certainly John will take on much more of the day to day leadership of what are traditionally considered finance and accounting functions including accounting, including Investor Relations and so forth. But also help to - help us navigate the strategic future for Copart in evaluating return on investments and our approach to evaluating ROIC for the various initiatives we undertake. Our new SVP of Marketing, Scott Booker comes from the online travel industry, which I'm sure you well know is one of the more challenging, competitive and difficult arenas when it comes to the online marketplace universe. And so, he will spearhead our efforts in continuing to grow that buyer base and continuing to build the demand for the supply that we bring to market. So I think day to day, it's hard to answer because no individual day looks like the other, but I think they will certainly take very meaningful leadership roles in their specific functions.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think it's a fair question, Stephanie. I think if you go back and you've been following us for years now, but track the individual quarter-by-quarter trends for Copart Dealer Services, I think you could see this growth trajectory long predated the pandemic by many years. So it's a business we've steadily grown over the years and we've grown it today in the pandemic, while other wholesale auction platforms we think have not grown nearly to the same extent, in many cases may have shrunk. That's largely a product of auction returns, what the - what we generate for our sellers at auction is ultimately what matters. I'm sure we are - I'd like to think we're very likable people and charming, but ultimately the dealer's key priority is achieving an excellent return and doing so quickly. And the liquidity of our online marketplace I think is what's distinguished us. We haven't had to adapt real time, we haven't had to invent a purely digital auction after having become accustomed to physical auctions instead. So I think there is something about being natively digital which perhaps has helped to enhance our relative performance during the pandemic. But more broadly, that is an important - important profit driver for us, important long-term revenue growth driver for us as well. And we are achieving good returns for our dealers and aspire to do more and better still.
Jeff Liaw: In short, yes. I think Germany and in Spain where we have a footprint as well have always been viewed as the gateway to Western Europe more broadly. Western Europe shares many of the characteristics, many of the macroeconomic and social characteristics that make total loss such a compelling economic proposition in the U.S. and Canada and the U.K. and elsewhere and that is a high repair costs, high regulatory burdens and so forth in good cars that have intrinsic value both in those native markets and elsewhere in emerging markets where demand for cars and repairable drivable cars and mobility continues to expand over time as well. So Western Europe certainly is a - it's our expectation that our success in Germany and Spain will eventually extend elsewhere there. Now there are other international markets long term that certainly will emerge as priorities for us as well, but I'd say for the relevant X-year horizon, our emphasis is on our core markets where we already do business today, Germany and Spain and Western Europe.
Jeff Liaw: Hi, Craig. A good question, and one I'm not sure we have a more enlightened perspective than you do. So it's a function of both of the virus trends themselves and then the expected government and social response to them. And I think we've now have six months of experience, all of us do in understanding how - or eight months, understanding how that unfolds. So we are prepared for really any scenario, including very extreme lock downs, I'd argue that the April, May, June timeframe was among the more severe windows and we could adapt, we're able to adapt our operations, able to prove that our operations are an essential service to the communities we do business in. So I expect to continue to be able to serve our customers and our communities. The volume effects, I think remains to be seen. I think it's fair to say we don't know.
Jeff Liaw: I think the exclusive deals are a reflection of a strong relationship with those customers. It's not per se that we have American Airlines' platinum status with warm nuts at the front of the plane, per se. It's more just a reflection of the excellent returns we generate, the excellent service we provide to them. So a, there is no secret ring per se, Craig. But we work like hell to earn that trust from our customers. We earn it in the day to day in the pickup and towing of vehicles and the auction management returns we generate and the entire work we do for them. And certainly we work like hell on catastrophic events to make sure that we are the most responsive, that we have the most people and process and technology on the ground to serve them at those critical moments. So those exclusive agreements are a badge of honor for us that we work like hell to earn, and for the carriers, the benefit to them is that they get the Copart experience end to end. It certainly does reduce the complexity for them in not having to manage as many providers across their own platforms, and so there is one counterparty with whom to integrate technologically, there's one counterparty with whom to discuss inventory trends in X, Y, Z markets or processing older dated units and so forth. So the simplicity I think is worthwhile for makers as well. But in general, I think it's a reflection of a - of good service and good returns.
Jeff Liaw: So the answer to your - the first part of your question is yes, a meaningful portion of those cars we auction on behalf of our dealers are ultimately exported and it's therefore that more expansive buyer universe with access to the cars that helped to drive the differential returns. The more precise question you asked afterwards about whether the international buyer mix is higher year-over-year, over that time horizon, it's harder to say. And I think it's probably flat, it may even be down slightly in part because of the currencies of the relevant buyer countries for us had been weakened in the pandemic. Currencies, if you've been tracking throughout, there's been a lot of noise, some currency depreciated a lot versus the dollar and others have depreciated a lot. For the buying countries, their currencies have generally weakened. So they are actually paying way, way more in their own local currencies, and our international demand in absolute terms then has grown. But their relative purchasing advantage is more in near term impaired. So over the kind of time horizon you're describing, it's closer to breakeven in terms of the volume changes year-over-year, but certainly over a 10-year and 20-year horizon, the international buyer is much more important today than it was ten years ago and will be much more important in ten years than they are today.
Jeff Liaw: It is, but not enough to call out and in part because I think we've seen enough seasons to know that it's always - there's always going to be some noise in it and trying to adjust for - I don't see a whole lot of value in trying to report no storm EBITDA, right, because I'm not sure there are no storm operating profit, I'm not sure there's any scenario in which there are no storms whatsoever. So suffice it to say that when there are various severe events like Hurricane Harvey, they call it a meaningful net effect in our P&L, you'll hear us describe it, but we generally try to accept as good and bad the noise that comes in the business and this year's storm activity I would characterize as such.
Jeff Liaw: I'd say only indirectly so. So, as you know, for example, you cited one of the more important strategic decisions we have made and continue to make which is that owning our land is the - is the more correct approach to navigating the - our balance sheet. Even though on paper, any way you could arguably turbocharge return on equity by selling that land and leasing it back. We've concluded the strategic importance of controlling our own destiny, owning our land knowing that we can assure it's used for our customers for the next 50 years, outweighs the leverage benefit of a potentially more balance sheet efficient approach. One byproduct of that I think is some inflationary protection, that we do find ourselves in an inflationary environment, we are both landlord and tenant. So we are not subject to the potential risk you described. When it comes to inflation in general, inflation is certainly a fraught expression, and certain indices include or exclude durable goods like automobiles and real estate and the like, some exclude fuel. So, it's harder to comment on it in isolation. I would say in general, inflation does not - it doesn't enter our decision calculus very frequently when it comes to the strategic and operational decisions we make. So hard for - hard for me to know, I think you - and the - and Wall Street will certainly have a better perspective on this than we will. But it's not top of mind when it comes to the decisions we make.
Jeff Liaw: Well, thank you for the thoughtful questions and we look forward to talking to everyone on the next call. Have a good day.
