Jeff Liaw: Yeah. It depends on what period you’re talking about. We have on our board over 60 expansion targets that we're looking at and that's worldwide. And it's impossible to predict exactly the number of acres that those efforts will yield or the timing of those efforts, because like I said in my remarks, it's very difficult to get a contract on new land. I would expect to be in the high hundreds of acres within the next 24 months.
Jeff Liaw: No, not specifically. We still did have remaining cat costs, we did process between 8000 and 10000 cat cars during the quarter. But the cat wasn’t the sold driver of the increase in costs. It was just the overall volume that affects at almost every yard.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah. So the auctions are test in nature and the results have been very promising. The auctions are yielding returns that are much higher than the current process employed. What we’re also understanding is that we need to have a broader footprint in yards to be able to offer this to the insurance companies in Germany. And so we’re somewhat subject to the pace of the expansion of those yards. Currently, we have seven yards that we’re targeting to open, one which has already been opened. That's at Homburg. We have four other yards that we’re negotiated contracts on and the two that we're still addressing the zoning issues. So like I said, the roll out in Germany is somewhat subject to our ability to open those yards.
Jeff Liaw: There's no one any one yard that’s -- they're all different. They're all snowflakes. It depends on how much deposit you can shift from other yards. They can be as short as a year and it can be as long as three or four years.
Jeff Liaw: No. In respect to the last question, we really can't give you any kind of guidance on the volume that we’ll generate. We have opened up two new yards in Southern California, which I don't know what we do without those. We also have sublots in the high desert area. So when I talked about the additional cost, what we’ll do is we’ll use some of the yards in Southern California as marshalling yards. We’ll bring the cars in during the day and during the night, we’ll load those up on car haulers and we’ll take them up to our sublots, up in Palmdale which once again significantly as to the cost of processing the cars.
Jeff Liaw: Ryan, as a general matter, we don’t provide forward guidance, but let me provide what I think could be relevant color. So when we received a unit, we incur the majority of the expenses. We however don't recognize most of the revenue until we sell it. So depending on whether the receipt of a given unit crosses - receipt and sale of that unit crosses the reporting period that can cause us to incur the expenses upfront and not recognize the revenue - most of the revenue until later. This is all a function of course of GAAP guidelines. And so in a period like the second quarter in which we received many more units than we sell. We have borne a substantial portion of the costs already for which the units will be sold later. That can explain some of the seasonal fluctuations in our gross margin rate.
Jeff Liaw: Now I don't really want to express as a percentage but I will tell you that most of our non-insurance cars are truly non-insurance cars. They're not salvage cars that came to us through an owner retain process.
Jeff Liaw: We won't provide a percentage. We will tell you this that in the last three quarters that number has been growing.
Jeff Liaw: And Ryan to your next question then about cash repatriation. As you know the majority of our cash is actually held in non-US accounts. Our expectations are to invest and deploy that capital outside the US. If there is a substantial change to the tax code here in the US, we of course would reevaluate and consider those parameters as well.
Jeff Liaw: I think of course before you join a company you just understand so much less about it and what I was able to see from the outside of course respected and admired from afar and now that I'm plugged in and appreciate the complexity of the business and how hard it is to manage the network of facilities, the buyers while providing outstanding service to sellers including in cash often times. I think I have a better appreciation for just how hard it is to do what we do. But in terms of co-part, no meaningful surprises. I did spend a lot of time with Jay and Will and others before joining the company. So it's been relatively smooth sailing.
Jeff Liaw: Well first off the conversations around expansion aren’t that broad, they’re generally fairly narrow in terms of geographical regions. So we can’t look at our total capacity nationwide. And there's a lot of factors of enter into what our targets are for the capacity that we need. We’ve even come with a - come up with a - recognized a new phenomenon that is certain yards are actually get less efficient in their size and we get yards at [indiscernible] cars are actually less efficient than the smaller yards, so that’s also part of the consideration. I think the biggest change that we’ve seen is that previously we tried to operate our yards at 100 or over 100% capacity during the peak season. And now we decided that that’s that creates too much risk for our sellers. And we changed model to now we're targeting 85% of capacity during the peak season and 70% of capacity in those areas that are subject to cats. And without answering your question specifically because I’m not sure how to, these are the drivers that we look at when we were doing - going through our expansion processes.
Jeff Liaw: Elizabeth, I’d say that growth is affirmatively good for us and ultimately the more we grow the more we achieve operating leverage over the long term. I think we can create near term noise is surprises or volatility. And if you told me we for sure grow it at 15% a year forever. We can plan accordingly, hire accordingly, build land accordingly et cetera. Is that there is some natural volatility in any industry including ours that they can create spikes if we suddenly have catastrophic weather events and a really busy summer that can cause over time excess of all expenses et cetera. If you had perfect visibility which we will never have and robust growth that would of course be ideal.
Jeff Liaw: A good question Elizabeth and I think we're not prepared to comment quite as specifically as they did. I would say when we look at the various pillars of the corporate tax reform being contemplated today. Big picture that affects both your taxable income so the base upon which taxes are calculated as well as the rates, we’re relatively unaffected on the base side of the equation. We have interests but we're relatively unlevered so we're not affected much by interest deducibility considerations. We do invest capital so to the extent that we are permitted to deduct those expenditures right away that could in fact reduce our base. So I think the base for which taxes are calculated is relatively unaffected. We are substantially US cash tax payers however. So if the rate changes that likely does accrue to our benefit. And as that crystallizes and becomes more real we'll certainly have more specific things to say about it.
Jeff Liaw: So setting aside the topic we just talked about right, which is a more radical overhaul to the tax code. I think probably four to six quarters ago we generally expect 35% to 36% effective rates and that's still the right long term starting point.
Will Franklin: So Ben, I think what I heard you, as it probably relates to relatively unconnected concepts. The first is that we continue to experience meaningful inventory growth and volume growth and that's a reflection of the factors we've talked about really for a while now regarding driving activity, accident rates and total loss frequency. That appears to be continuing unabated as far as we can tell. The second question you raised, which is the foreign currency effect on our foreign buyers. I mentioned that in my comments as well. That certainly affect the average selling prices for our vehicles. On balance, we’re still flat or up slightly year-over-year. There are a handful of things to go into that -- that contribute to the question of ASPs, of which foreign currency is one. The others are scrap, used car values, mix, et cetera. But all else equal, certainly, the US dollar being 20% stronger year-over-year versus the Mexican peso for the second quarter does affect ASPs.
Will Franklin: The investments you've heard us talk about today are for our core business hard stop as for considering our strength and strategic capabilities and whether they would enable us to extend our franchise into other spaces that's something we consider over the long term, but nothing you've heard us talk about today is relevant for that consideration.
Will Franklin: There's always RFP activity in - we compete very aggressively with every other player in the industry. We think we've done very well in the last couple years and it is impossible to predict what the next couple years will look like.
Will Franklin: We do not and in our strategy we won’t do much to these. So every yard is unique. The question whether we sense it even one that’s subject to discussion. If we don't fancy that means in times of use we need to have security. So then it’s just a math equation of how many times do you think you’ll use it, needs security versus the cost of the fence. Generally in these temporary locations, they’re not temporary, but the standby locations will put in roads or rock some roads and that's about it. So beyond the cost of the land here's very little capital necessary to put them in a standby state.
Will Franklin: We have a buyer base. And now I don't think there's really any educational process yet to take place. I think that they are aware of the value that we provide and I think they're anxious to be able to utilize that value. The whole back is moving one region in the country - one area of the country which is not attractive to the larger insurance companies. This is a complete change occurred onto them and a change of process, they'd rather not have two processes ongoing at one time. And therefore there they'd like to see our ability to handle their volume more broadly within the country.
Will Franklin: I believe it is and this doesn't provide salvage frequency, it provides the drivers to that decision. And so this is more focused on the accident frequency. So the numbers I cited were that the number of paid claims on a year over year basis and this is based on the third quarter of last calendar year, we’re up 3.5%. And on a two year period we're up almost 8%. While at the same time, the paid losses were up 10 and 20%. And I guess I’d note that accident frequency was [indiscernible] first time, I only go back to 2011, it’s never been 6%. So the accident avoidance systems and some of the new technologies isn't being demonstrated in the numbers at least at this point.
Jay Adair: I’m going to jump in, because are you – I want to make sure I understand the question or we understand the question Are you stating that they are referring to dealer auctions as having slower dealer consignments.
Jay Adair: Hey Ryan, Jay here. The guys can answer that question. I just want to jump in on this point that you're making about the consignment. They are two very different types of cars and we've got a dealer consignment in the whole car and a lot of those vehicles are coming from franchise dealerships and we've got a dealer consignment in our world, most of those are coming from non-franchise dealerships. So they're really not comparative cars and then to Will's point, besides the fact that that segment is growing to Will's point all non-insurance then we start to look at institutions and charities and other companies that assign products and they have absolutely nothing to do with trade ins or insurance.
Jay Adair: Let me just add to that, we keep waiting or expecting this trend of growth to subside in salvage cars and I just get the most recent numbers from ISS, Independent Statistical Service, which is a information provider to mostly insurance industry. In the last quarter they provided information which was third quarter of last year. Salvage frequency actually went up, we've been expecting that to go down. In terms of total claims, on a year over year basis up 3.5% but in total paid losses it was up 10%. And if you look back 24 months, claims were up 8%, the total paid losses was up 20%. And that's kind of the basis for the increase in the salvage frequency. The cost of repair is growing, accident frequency is growing and so we're very comfortable with our expansion process as needed to address this expected volume.
Jay Adair: Without a lot of analytics behind it I would say 8% would be really nice that gives us time to like I said it takes a couple years to get to acquire new capacity that gives us - that would afford us time to do so, especially for operating at 85% capacity based on current volume.
Jay Adair: I would just add some closing remarks from listening to some of the questions. One is that you may want to look into the use of adapter headlights and the multiple component bumpers today that exist in the market. There's plenty of research out there that you can find named off CCC and some of the other sources that are out there but there's no doubt that bumper covers being three components and now being 15 components and all the complexity in headlights. Headlights are now as high as $5000 for a headlight coming from the days when they were less than $100. So we're seeing some big increases there. You may want to research on some of the carriers as well because they're reporting that in their claims costs and why their claims costs are up because of that. That increase in cost is increasing severity and that's severity going up causes total loss frequency or salvage frequency as we call it to go up. The other thing that I'm not sure that the analyst maybe understand it, but not positively you fully understand it is this cost that we have associated with building yards and asking questions about what would be normal. Right now we've got people in advance of all this growth that are finding locations developing locations and it takes a number of resources to do that and then once those yards already we've got a staff and turn them on completely before we ever assign one car. And so you've got all this cost when you go from adding I think Will stated three locations over four years to ten locations this year and we believe we’ll open up in addition in the calendar year we’re in another plus ten or more. So there's a lot of costs that’s associated with that and then once we start to see some normalcy in total loss frequency and the total losses that are coming in, those yards will have access capacity. So we don't build those yards for 85% capacity, we'll build those yards for 30% or 40% utilization and a much higher number of capacity so they have room to grow into that. As Will stated we want to operate the company at 85% on average for our location. So these new stores are being built, these new yards are being built with significantly more capacity than that. And so that you're going to see some of these costs and then finally I would just mention in additional that was the towing component that Will outlined, it could be a pretty significant component when you're out of space in a market, you may have to shuttle cars. And we've had a few scenarios like that and we're okay with that that we're handling those cars, we’re moving them to areas where we have room and then we expand all that cost goes away. So we look at all of this as upside, we're getting a lot of volume in the history of my career I've not seen where the volume increases like this and then goes the other direction. So at some point this may start to shrink, as Jeff stated we don't see that currently but at the point that we start to see volume normalize we don't think it goes into a negative situation. So we slow down at that point, the adding of yards, we slow down the expansion of facilities and we process those vehicles as incremental units. So that was it, just want to add that color and thank you all for attending the call and we look forward to reporting third quarter. Thank you very much.
