Jeff Liaw: Bob, I think it's a fair question. I think there are some the natural effects, I think every auto auction business will encounter conversion implications as well, but as seller expectations begin to align better with current market conditions, conversion is very high in rising price environments. By and large, we don't generally experience those except but for 2021, 2022 when we saw very rapid increases in used vehicle prices, that generally speaking is not the long-term trend. But there are some modest effects in the near-term, but I think overwhelmed by the unit volume implications. The selling prices are somewhat softer for the dealer cars because for the same basket of cars, they certainly would sell for less than they would have a year ago. But as we deliver excellent results, that total loss frequency rises and the relevant aperture, the relevant window of cars that we can address well for our dealers continues to expand. That has a natural the total loss frequency effects do have some secondary effects on dealer cards as well for the same reason.
Jeff Liaw: And Bob, I'd say in both directions, the Manheim used Vehicle index, you followed us long enough to know it's never been a perfectly linear predictor of outcomes at Copart auctions. I think over the very long haul, our ASP performance has generally outpaced Manheim for the reasons you mentioned a moment ago. Total loss, frequency rising improving the quality of cars that we sell and our mix, our growth among the non-insurance segment doing the same. But even then, we have our use, our prices have certainly decreased less than Manheim has over the same comparable period. But that's misalignment of the two metrics has always been true.
Jeff Liaw: I think you accurately the universe of competitors for the vehicles that we sell. So the insurance world, I think is unique. But as for the cars we sell on behalf of other parties, they also have, they have many different outlets. And depending on who you're talking about, a dealer can certainly sell the car at his or her lot can sell through the other online channels you're aware of, can sell at physical auction as well, and can sell to wholesalers to take principal positions in those vehicles. Financial institutions have a different set of possibilities afforded to them. They, by and large don't hand sell as you know, rental car companies in some cases operate their own quasi retail sites from which they sell vehicles directly. Some will use the other major auction houses you're aware of. So the competitive landscape is multidimensional for our non-insurance cars for sure. And I think we are competing effectively, but again to different folks for different types of sellers.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, a great question. I think we're still, and perhaps to provide some additional context on the -- on historical commentary on this front, we think there is, the historical trend of total loss. Frequency increasing over time will assuredly continue over the long haul. Total loss frequency in 1980 was 4%, 10 years later it was 5%, in 1990, and today it's 21%. So I think there's a pretty clear monotonic increase of total loss frequency over the long haul that we continue to observe. As for a snapshot today, we note very different total loss practices across even insurance companies, even for like vehicles. And so the dispersion of practices today indicates that there are insurance companies who are leaving money on the table, by repairing cars. They arguably shouldn't in the form of certainly delayed and extended rental car, rentals they're paying for as well as the repairs and the supplements themselves. And as you noted, we have offered and continue to offer a range of tools to them to allow them to expedite their decision-making to make total loss decisions faster and to make total loss decisions better. But as for true full integration of those tools, truly individual car total loss decisions, as opposed to general rules of thumb, it's easier for any insurance company to say if the repair estimate exceeds X percent of the intact value, you total it. If it is less than that, you don't, but in practice, you're actually better off making individual vehicle decisions. But as for the industry overall, that more enlightened data informed decision early, I think there remains tremendous potential on that front. So besides the historical trend lifting, total loss frequency overall up, even snapshot today of circumstances were never to change. If market circumstances were never to change, there still remains abundant opportunities to make decisions better and faster for insurance companies.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, so I think the international buyer, with each passing year becomes a more prominent and more important a portion of our member base and buyer base. And during our meeting with our insurance clients, we underscored for them and quantified for them just how important they were. I think it's safe to say that, but for the very lowest value vehicles that are, that aren't even towed a hundred miles to say nothing of being brought overseas to Eastern Europe or to South America, but for those vehicles, international bidders are instrumental in driving the value of every car sold at Copart. So they today speak for a majority of the value of U.S. auctions, literally as buyers. And by the time you incorporate those, international bidding activity for cars they buy or for cars for which they are the push bid, meaning the second high bid, which in some intellectual respect really dictates the selling price of the car or participate, that the auction itself driving further bidding activity that's approaching 90% of the cars we sell. But the international buyer is, is instrumental and we'll make it a point to better highlight that on subsequent calls as well. But they are incredibly important and more important today than they were five years ago, and they will be more important five years from now than they are today.
Jeff Liaw: Presuming your question is principally U.S. centric, the uninsured motorist ratio is vary tremendously by market. For example, it won't surprise you. They're considerably higher for us in Brazil than they are in the U.S. or the UK, for example. But for any given market, the uninsured motorist ratio, I think is a function, yes, of rates, which in turn are a lagged byproduct of inflation. Many of our insurance clients I think are just now in recent quarters achieving the rate relief that comes with state level approvals for changes they wanted to make, which then in turn correspond with inflated costs on repairs and personnel and so forth that you noted, that you observed a moment ago. I don't think it will have a meaningful appreciable effect in the U.S. Perhaps, you'll see some trends to liability only coverage instead of collision and comprehensive or what have you. But I think those effects would be on the margin. In the end, the economic decision, once a car has been meaningfully impaired, functions have been meaningfully impaired in an accident, whether there's an insurance -- it certainly helps expedite matters to have an insurance company mediating the resolution of that car. But if it makes economic sense to total it, it eventually will be totaled regardless.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. No, I appreciate that. We've described addressed that question, but happy to do so again. I think our advantages with our clients are, first, to drive better auction outcomes. I've mentioned that, the auction liquidity, our international buyer base, the technology platform, the machine-learning enabled tools that allow us to drive better returns at auction. Ultimately, our insurance clients are, of course, economically motivated. They have to achieve the best possible cost outcomes they can to ensure the best possible combined ratios to ensure that, they're competitive in turn on rates and that they can protect and grow their businesses accordingly. We believe that, we generate superior returns at auction and that that has been persuasive to many of our insurance clients. The second element of what we do is to manage cars quickly. Cycle times are by their nature very positively correlated with costs for insurance companies in particular on the front end. Our ability to retrieve vehicles quickly reduces their advance charges. It would surprise you how many cars that are very clearly eventually bound for a total loss auction like Copart are nonetheless subject to $2,000, $3,000 of advance charges, tear downs and estimates and partial repairs or what have you before the car is ultimately disposed of. Our ability to help insurance companies to reduce those front-end cycle times is very economically meaningful to them as well. We've talked before about catastrophic events. Memories in some cases are short, sometimes long, but we distinguish ourselves in a moment of crisis. The storms like Harvey, Ian and Ida are acute cost events and perhaps more importantly, acute policyholder service events for the insurance companies as well. Our ability to support them, to support the communities, to be their ambassadors effectively on the ground in places like Florida and the Northeast, in turn equipped by the land we've acquired literally 100 of acres of idle capacity that stands ready to serve them in a storm as well as the communications technology, our own fleet of vehicles, our Copart Catastrophic Response Team, the folks that we deploy upon a moment's notice that's distinctive as well. So those are, I've talked about a few other elements, but those are three meaningful ones. As to durability, in general, when we are able to earn the trust of our clients, we run through walls to preserve that over the long haul. So in general, those relationships have proven durable, but we never take it for granted. We wake up each morning committed to delivering better today than we did yesterday this year than we did the year before. So it has been durable in the past, but we never assume it will be forever. We'll make sure that we earn the right to serve them for with each passing year.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. Purple Wave we're delighted to have Aaron and Suzy and the team on board. I think we noted that last quarter as well. They continue to grow GMV very well year-over-year. The growth opportunities for them include both geographic expansion. Certainly they were at the time of our investment in Purple Wave, principally central time zone oriented, but they continue to expand their footprint from there. Aaron and Suzy have done an extraordinary job building, what they would call the community of buyers and sellers at Purple Wave. And they continue to invest in their capabilities there. So even within the markets in which they're currently participating, there remain growth opportunities to bring on new sellers, to bring on additional equipment for existing sellers. So, I think it's across the board. They are still early enough in their journey and we are early enough in our journey with them, there remain growth levers across all of those dimensions. And frankly, the key management challenge, the key leadership challenge for Aaron and Suzy is to figure out how to prioritize among them. But the growth trends have been very promising there.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, that's a, a good question. And I probably would draw a distinction still between the commercial, because we do sell a lot of commercial equipment box trucks, construction equipment, agricultural equipment, and the like from Copart cover, which is by and large the result of our serving insurance companies. They have as part of their book of their portfolio, a number of assets of that type. So we sell many assets on their behalf and certainly for them, the international buyer is deeply relevant. Purple Wave historically has been principally a domestic oriented platform because their assets have been sold by and large in place historically. So they would sell on behalf of a rental company, an agricultural concern or an industrial one they would sell in place. And so by and large, they have been more domestically oriented in the past. Over the long haul, looking forward, that can become a, a more international business as well. But that's been the, the historical approach.
Jeff Liaw: Fair question. I think we we're experiencing growth in international. As you know, Bret, it's such a all-inclusive notion in life is, is quite a bit more complicated than that. But we have grown in all of our major countries or certainly from memory in Canada, in Brazil, in the UK, in the Middle East for that matter, and in Germany and Spain as well. So for different reasons though, in the UK I think it is, for example, total loss frequency and the like. In Brazil, it's that as well. There's certain, some flood act, early flood activity there. But the international arena growing for a combination of total loss frequency, market penetration as you noted a moment ago. Not a step function change, but meaningful growth across these countries.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Yes. So as you noted, it has been an area of emphasis for us for years, of course to serve the Copart dealer network better over time so that more of their cars are addressable by Copart auctions. There is the natural tailwind, as we discussed earlier today of total loss frequency, bringing better cars into our network to begin with from insurance companies, which in turn brings the buyers that are relevant for an expanding portfolio of dealer cars as well. You asked a good question about the relevant range of services that we need to provide to those sellers which in some cases are more extensive or they're different. Frankly, the range of services provided to insurance companies for salvage cars is certainly robust as well, but in many cases different. It is more like loan settlement, title procurement, salvage title issuance, a range of different things provided to them in comparison to dealer cars and frankly rental cars, financial institution vehicles and the like. So yes, we continue to evaluate the range of services we provide, continue to test, a range of these things to expand so that we can better serve them. Yes, that's very much a priority.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think that, over the long haul, I think you probably followed us for a while, you'll know we have almost always achieved operating leverage relative to G&A growth or we happened to in the last few quarters of experienced more meaningful year-over-year growth for the reasons that Leah described a moment ago. The very long-term horizon we expect to grow operating income, to grow gross profits in excess of the rate of growth of OpEx or G&A, OpEx as you described at G&A as we do. But on any given quarter, any given month, quarter, frankly even year, that's not necessarily the priority for us. We want to make sure we achieve the right long-term outcomes. If that requires short-term investments, if that requires long-term investments, we are happy to make it. As you know, as a rule, we don't provide forward-looking guidance, but we continue to spend these resources very prudently. We take our responsibilities as stewards of capital very seriously and we'll invest those dollars when it makes sense to generate the right long-term returns for Copart and when they don't, we won't.
