Jay Adair: Yeah, sure, I would just throw out there to you Bob that it’s not going to be back at the same operating margin that it was prior and that’s not just the QCSA or it’s not a QCSA thing. It’s just that the market that we’re in, we’ve just got increased cost, labor costs are up, fuel costs are up. So there is a number of costs that are up across the board. But then some of it is the integration and putting the two companies together. So, we anticipate it’s going to come down and I appreciate your comments. It’s just -- I don’t think it’s wise. Will and I discussed it this morning and we just don’t think it’s wise to try and lay out every single expense that we’ve got. So, we anticipate that next year, we’re going to get the operating margin. By the end of fiscal '15, we’re going to get our operating margin to as good as we can get it and it’s not going to take more than four quarters to do that. And, we’re going to get our G&A where it needs to be, and then, that’ll be it. I don’t see on the horizon another large acquisition to put with the company domestically and so, it’s going to take us about a year to get those transitions completed and trying to single out the actual expenses is just really tough to do.
Jay Adair: Well, it’s still the push, non-insurance. The insurance market, I would call it mature at this point. We’re -- we and our competitor are handling the majority of the volume domestically and the real growth is to push for non-insurance volume. The other driver I would say is, just the overall market increasing. The market really got slowed down and back in '08, '09. And so there’s -- I would say, fundamentally off the top of my head two drivers. One is, ASP is going up and we may see ASPs increase in the future because I think they’re -- while they’re at a record high, I think they’re lower because we’ve got an ageing fleet and there weren’t as many new cars. And, so as they start to sell more new cars again, I think that’s going to -- I know that’s going to increase the quality of vehicle we sell and the ASPs will go up. The other driver is because we haven’t sold so many vehicles new, we’ve got an ageing fleet and we’re seeing unit volumes increase. So, we will see from the day that we've looked at an increase in the number of units in the next year, two year, three year out; as vehicles get older, they just become that more likely to total. So those are the drivers on the insurance side and then on the growth for Copart is non-insurance volume, which is about 20% of our company today and we want to obviously make that number larger.
Jay Adair: Yeah. So, you’re right. I would say, internationally what we’re trying to do right now is finish some integration work that’s got to be done with systems and then, we’ll be looking at expanding into markets that we think fit our mould, where we think it will be easiest to implement our model or easiest to make acquisitions in those markets. And then, domestically, as I said, the market is pretty – it’s pretty mature at this point. So, I don’t think there is a lot of core business acquisitions in the salvage arena domestically. I just don’t see it as we sit here today.
Jay Adair: Yes, so I'll comment. We didn’t - I didn’t hear you specified it. I guess from the perspective of profitability in international markets, that’s always hard to predict. I would say we’re going to have some technology completed in the next year and that’s going to allow us to reduce some cost because it just makes us that much more efficient. From a G&A perspective, we have said -- we said on this call and I'll say it again, we don’t anticipate G&A going up in the next year. We anticipate it coming down. That’s fully loaded G&A, that’s just not domestic, that’s international, that’s everything. So we’ve got teams in place. We've expense in place and at this point, we don’t anticipate cost going up at a G&A level. We anticipate revenue going up.
Jay Adair: So, we've had growth in both dealer cars and charity cars and we’ve had a slight decline in what we call our core cars. Those are cars that came from individuals and companies that just the living, buying and selling cars on our platform. Those are the three major buckets. In addition of that we have other institutional sellers, banks for the repositions fleets like Southwest Bell and AT&T that utilize us for fleets, rental companies that utilize us as well. But primarily most of our volumes comes from those three buckets; charities, franchise independent dealerships and individual car brokers.
Jay Adair: There's been some increase. We’ve made some changes in the last year and so we’ve got some -- we've got -- I guess you called some cost creep that’s come in through some of those efforts, but I look at that as an investment. We think it’s the right thing to do to drive that book of business.
Jay Adair: Well there -- I'm hesitant to, Gary because they’re differentiators in the space and we’ve done some things with clients that -- our clients like those kinds of differentiators as well. And so some of it is -- some simple stuff that’s technology based. Some web changes things like that, but some of its process driven and it’s definitely something that we use with clients to give them a better experience than what they'll get elsewhere. So, it’s proprietary stuff.
Jay Adair: No, I don't think that we're prepared to make that assertion. I think our comment stands that by the end of the year, we’ll see a decline.
Jay Adair: All right. Well, thank you again everyone for attending the fiscal '14 fourth quarter call for Copart, and we look forward to giving you updates on the next quarter and this concludes our call. Thank you. Bye.
Will Franklin: No, it shouldn’t return to 35%. It was a unique quarter and as much as we had some discrete tax adjustments that reduced our rate. But no, it would be, I would say just a little north of 34%, I would expect that.
Will Franklin: And as International becomes a more meaningful side, part of our activity I would expect that to decline.
Will Franklin: The insurance companies are addressing that and so some insurance companies are doing a better job than others. In general, the days inventory are starting to subside.
Will Franklin: Yes, part of it. Part of this we’re just providing more services to the sellers and that’s a part of the RFP process. A part of it is a structural change in our cost, our sub-hauling cost have increased with the increase in volume, we have diminished ability to utilize the low cost providers. We had to expand the sub-haulers that were used, but by so doing, we had to utilize those that charge a higher rate. And we have a natural increase in our labor cost and our benefits cost. And all those have had a permanent structural change in our yard operating cost on a per vehicle basis.
Will Franklin: It’s hard to predict, but currently our same-store inventory levels are about 5%. Our same-store sales are about 5%. So, it seems to suggest that’s about the new norm of 5% growth.
Will Franklin: So, it’s hard to look at our business on a margin percentage basis or an EBIT percentage basis. Because of the impact that purchase car revenue has on that and as that fluctuates, that has a tremendous impact on that percentage. So, we look at our business on an EBIT per car basis.
Will Franklin: And when you look out on that basis, we’re fairly happy with where we were this year. We were surely not where we were in 2012, but we’re where we were in 2011. So, we anticipate to increase that next year as we go through the rationalization of certain cost, but it’s hard for me to talk about it on a percentage basis.
