Jayson Adair: Thank you, Josh. Good morning everyone and again welcome to the first quarter call for 2016. I'm going to transfer it to Will first who will go over the financials, and then I'll have some closing remarks, and we'll open it up for questions. So with that, it's my pleasure to introduce Will Franklin, our Executive Vice President.
Jayson Adair: Thank you, Will. Again, good morning, everyone. First I'd like to talk about inventory. In the quarter, inventory in North America increased 14.4%. Looking at sales for the quarter, as Will mentioned, we saw a decline in ASPs due to strong dollar and also due to the low value of scrap at this time, and that revenue was offset because of sales increase of 5.1% in the quarter for North America. Looking at cycle times, because we often talk about inventory increases and the impact that they will have in subsequent quarters, typically in the next quarter, we want to talk about cycle time that was flat for the quarter, that was zero. So we don't see the increase in inventory associated with cycle time expanding but rather just through additional volume coming in. And then finally, as Will mentioned, international sales are down because of the strong dollar situation. A year ago in North America we were approximately 21%, and today we are just a tad below 20% on international sales. These are vehicles that are sold in North America and exported to countries outside the U.S. With that, I'd like to now turn it over to Josh and we'll open it up for any questions that you may have.
Jayson Adair: Sure. Jeff is a great guy. We've known him for a couple of years here in Dallas. He has been with FleetPride. FleetPride is owned by TPG. Prior to that, he was with TPG in a corporate role. And we have been talking to him for a while about a CFO position. Will started the EVP or took over the EVP role approximately 18 months ago, and the biggest improvement that he has made that you can clearly see is the reduction in G&A. So that has been a big push to have a focus on measuring output and reducing expenses where we felt we weren't getting a return. And you've seen that. We talked about that a year ago, we felt very confident a year ago that we were going to be able to see those types of results and Will executed on that in the last year. At the same time, he's been carrying the CFO title but we've been having a lot of that work done by Vik Bhatia on our team. And that wasn't the intent for Vik to do that but we wanted to make sure that Will was focused on the G&A reductions and other G&A performance pieces that we have got, areas that we measure and areas that we focus on. So Jeff will start in January and we brought him on as CFO based on his experience previously and our knowledge of him. So we are looking forward to having him on the team.
Jayson Adair: Part of it has been execution and the team's ability to focus on cost, part of it has been the benefit of fuel, and fuel has dropped significantly year-over-year and that's helped us control transportation cost. Part of our cost going up, if you recall, was related to Sandy and then it was related to an acquisition, barge acquisition we made, QCSA. And there was a whole process we had to go through to eliminate implicative costs and to try to reduce subhaul expense that had shot up through Sandy. So there were a couple of years of having costs that were increased because of those two factors, and then we also moved the Company from California to Dallas. So I feel strongly at this point we're at a normalized run rate. I don't see any reason at this point why fuel is going to skyrocket back up. I think that's pretty much understood throughout the industry. So I think we'll be able to maintain our current cost per car, and the only thing that would increase that a little bit is that we are looking at adding some additional facilities in the U.S. in the next year because of volumes that are up, and as we add stores, they have a cost, they increase the cost in the beginning and as we fill the stores with cars and start to sell those cars off, then it reduces the cost. But for the most part, I don't think we're going to see a real big increase in our operating costs at the yard, Bob.
Jayson Adair: We're happy with what we're seeing right now in terms of our results both in the U.K. and in the rest of the world. U.K. is obviously the vast majority of the international. U.K. is a much more mature market as opposed to the other markets that we're doing business in. We will be in a far better place to report on some of the results towards the end of this fiscal year. For now, I don't think I can add a lot more color than we added in the last quarterly call, but as we approach the end of the year, we should have some results and some color that we can give you on how we're doing internationally.
Jayson Adair: It's going to be not too far from where it was the prior quarters, which is about 11.5, give or take.
Jayson Adair: No, I'm happy to do that. United Kingdom, inventory was up 14.5%, so a little bit more than North America. Sales in the U.K. were up 5.6%, so a little more than the U.S. as well. So from an international standpoint, it's taken about the same trend. They are off a couple of points from or a little over 1 point from what used to sell internationally in that market. So it is doing well and I've really got nothing negative to report from the U.K. They are doing very well.
Jayson Adair: I really can't. I can't talk to my competitor. I can just tell you that from our perspective to grow 5% year-over-year when you are our size is a big growth rate, to have an inventory build of almost 15% is a big number. So I really can't talk to what they are doing and how they're doing it. I can really just answer any questions you have about Copart.
Jayson Adair: Yes, we've had a recent market share gain, but it's really, that's not going to show up until probably the third and fourth quarter of the year. You have to start bringing the vehicles in and building inventory and then sell the vehicles off. So in the past year we've had some market share gains, we've seen the industry expand because of the age of vehicles, but the numbers – we have reported the numbers historically on the quarters, and so I won't try to restate them all. I mean the numbers are out there.
Jayson Adair: No, I didn't. I can give you total volume for the – globally, for the U.K., for North America, the whole Company was 4.9%.
Jayson Adair: I'm going to look to my attorney for a minute. I'll put you on hold one sec. I think the best answer I can give you, Gary, is that we have a limited number of shares currently and we could have asked for less shares in the proxy, and then we might have to come out later and ask for more shares again. So we asked for a number that we felt was sufficient that we wouldn't have to go back and ask for again. And as my attorney is sitting here telling me, the explanation is in the proxy and he would prefer that we go with that. So we just felt like we were asking for enough that we wouldn't have to go back and it gives us the flexibility for the future.
Jayson Adair: I mean we talked about it in the shareholder letter as well. So if you want to look to that, in the annual report there is maybe a more current stab on how we're doing. We are extremely happy with that result. We didn't know – many of our buyers like to bid on 5 to 10 auctions up on one screen at one time. It's one of the benefits of our Virtual Bidding Third Generation platform. So as opposed to have them physically attend an auction and have the different cadence and speed of human beings that are running the auction, our auctions are all much easier to follow when you've got 10 auctions open at once. And we didn't know, candidly, how many people would go to a mobile platform. We didn't know if there's going to be a scenario where they are out at our yard, they are looking at the car, bidding on it, or they're going to be at Starbucks bidding on it. And so to be near 15% in penetration I would say has already exceeded what we thought it would do. I don't know if it will end up at a fifth of our units selling over mobile or if it will stay where it's at, but I can just tell you, from both the Android and from the Apple platforms, we're extremely happy with the results we have seen thus far.
Jayson Adair: I don't have the actual percentage in front of me and I don't think it's relevant anyway. We've got some locations that have 50 acres of capacity and other locations that have 5 acres of capacity. So the reason we're constantly investing in expanding locations, we rarely talk about how many locations we've expanded in the year, and this year we're going to actually have to add additional locations in markets and that's just because we've seen a consistent growth in inventory since Sandy. So since 2012, there's been a year-over-year increase in inventories, and yes, we do sell that inventory off in the third quarter, but it has continued to grow year-over-year. And so we're at a point now where we not only are we going to be expanding yards this year like we have last year, but we're going to be adding a number of locations, and we'll talk about that in the year. I would guess it's in the half-a-dozen to a dozen locations that we'll be adding. And as we bring those locations online, we'll announce it so that everyone is aware of it.
Jayson Adair: We did have a win in the quarter, but that's not uncommon for us to have a win or multiple wins in a particular quarter. So we did have a win and that volume is – some of that volume is coming on now and some of that volume will be coming on in the subsequent, in Q2 and Q3, and we'll be selling that inventory off Q3 and Q4. We should be normalized I would think by the end of the fiscal year.
Jayson Adair: I mean it's a top five carrier and it is an exclusive long-term agreement. So, yes, it's of that flavor.
Jayson Adair: All right, thanks, Josh. Thank you everybody for attending the first quarter call. We look forward to reporting the second Q next year and we want to wish you all a happy Thanksgiving, and we'll see you then. Thanks.
William E. Franklin: Yes, between insurance and non-insurance. In North America we're slightly under 20% in non-insurance, and that's basically because of the significant growth we have on the insurance side. In terms of total units, it's remained relatively flat.
William E. Franklin: We're paying on the fixed fee we have a blended rate that's about $400 million of about 4.22%. On our Term Loan A we're at about a little over 2% and the amount of that is $225 million at this point.
William E. Franklin: No, it's simply a decline in revenue per car while our cost stayed the same. So our cost didn't really fluctuate, they've been fairly consistent over the last four, five quarters. They fluctuate less than 4% I would say.
William E. Franklin: Yes, it's all decline in ASPs. And in fact last quarter, while we were flat on our cost to process each car, we also had the negative impact of Hurricane Joaquin which had a significant amount of cost, and we absorbed that and still maintained a flat cost basis to process the car. So we're pretty happy with the efficiency of our operation.
William E. Franklin: Let me add to that. There's other efforts. So we have I think a robust strategy to develop our mobile and not only through apps but through [mobily] [ph] optimizing our current Web-site, which we haven't done, which will make participation in our auctions through mobile devices much more attractive.
William E. Franklin: No, I don't think so. I think this new volume will blend in very efficiently with our current capacity.
