Jeff Liaw: Got it. Thanks, Bob, I think you may be astute preamble there that like all enterprises, frankly, across all industries, we experience inflation, we consume a mix of third-party goods and services and certainly employ a large number of team members worldwide. And so we’ve always been subject to inflationary pressures. I’d say, historically, on a more selective basis, whether it’s health care or commodity cycles and the like. Today, there is more widespread inflation across our cost base overall. I think you are already aware of the major costs in our business, but they do include the towing, the personnel, certainly, our technology platform as well. We have some structural protection in that, as you know, we own the vast majority of our land. And so that cost is -- we already own the land outright and therefore, don’t face the inflationary pressures when it comes to rental expense to the extent that we otherwise might. Historically speaking, over any intermediate term, Bob, we’ve always demonstrated the ability to recover or more than recover inflation in the marketplace. And I don’t think the expectation in this case would be any different long term. Now most importantly, we also strive for productivity enhancements and improvements over time to help absorb those same inflationary pressures, both before this wave courtesy of COVID-19 and otherwise.
Jeff Liaw: I think it’s tough to provide a sweeping answer that covers all such non-insurance categories. It’s a little bit of a contrived catch all basket for us. There are certainly groups of those sellers, as you noted a moment ago, for whom the average selling price is higher than our typical insurance car. And therefore, the contribution may be higher as well. There are other categories included in that non-insurance portion that are lower average selling price than our typical insurance car. So on a tough to answer so on a blended basis, probably on average, higher, but distributed.
Jeff Liaw: Bob, you’re always observant. On Copart Select, it is, as with many things we do at our action, we are innovating and experimenting and attempting new ways to position our auctions and the product that our sellers can sign through us. We think this kind of offering holds real promise. So, we’re not yet ready to share substantive results, but it’s the -- in keeping with the themes we’ve addressed in the past through you and I have been talking about these kinds of pursuing this market in these kinds of cars for years now, and this is one more arrow in the quiver to tackle that marketplace.
Jeff Liaw: I don’t think it’s changed. I think it’s been imprecise the whole time. When we look over the very long-term history, I think those secular drivers are unequivocally true, that they are newer cars that are totaled, less damaged cars there totaled. I think the auction liquidity is when we say that, those are objective measures, right? Those are the number of bids that are being submitted for a unit, the number of participants in a given auction, et cetera, et cetera. So those aren’t -- that’s much more science than art in that regard. Now as to precisely the trend for pricing for our cars in the pandemic and frankly, even the first year of the pandemic it was very different from the second in terms of the supply chain and used car availability and such. I think both were – both were factors, for sure, both our proactive efforts in both the character and the cars we’re selling as well as the used car marketplace.
Jeff Liaw: Not a change in the U.S. insurance market. There are some portions of our business, including, for example, Copart Direct, the channel through which we purchase cars directly from consumers that yes, consumers will consign cars to Copart from time to time. But often, they prefer to deal on a principal basis for a price certain from us instead. So, as we grow that business, that is "principal volume" that drives growth in purchased car sales and purchased car costs. So that’s an example of what would cause it, but it is not by and large U.S. insurance carriers shifting back to principal. They understand the merits of the consignment model in which they and we share in the upside of the highest possible returns on cars. Generally speaking, nobody moves back to principle, they move from principal to consignment over time.
Jeff Liaw: That’s a perceptive question, in general, which is to say that the – as the leading marketplace online – global online marketplace for cars at the type that we sell. There may well be untapped potential when it comes to additional services that we offer the member base. I think, to be fair, there is a robust ecosystem of those service providers that has emerged around Copart as you might imagine, selling millions of cars a year to buyers worldwide. There certainly are transportation service providers. There are secondary storage providers and the like that have emerged proximate to Copart yards, and certainly who know many of our buyers firsthand as well. So the answer is, we are always evaluating those opportunities, experimenting with them trialing them. And from time to time, they stick and we expand them. So it is always on our radar.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. And as you might imagine, Ryan, I probably can’t answer the first half of your question at all, and we don’t discuss individual accounts, but certainly happy to comment on the second half of your question, which is, what is it that has driven our market share capture as a general theme, which I would say has been true for the past 40 years, not just the past few. And as for why we would win an individual account, I think the answer is often unsatisfying, we have a variety of things. It’s not one singular theme, which I think our brains would prefer. But certainly, to articulate a few. Our auction returns are critical, and that is literally how much money we put in the pockets of our sellers after we auction the cars, which is a function of our DB3 online auction technology, which we believe is the best in the industry. It’s a function of our ability to recruit new members and to engage them. It’s a function of how quickly we can pick up cars and reduce the advanced charges experienced by our insurance company sellers. It is a function of our streamlining the purchase experience and making it ever easier for third parties to buy cars at Copart. It’s also a function of the auction liquidity we’ve talked about a few times on this call, which is that the growth of our insurance business has helped to affect the further growth of our insurance business did own non-insurance and vice versa. The second thing I’d touch on is our approach to customer service, and we think a long-term horizon, take a long-term approach to problem solving on behalf of our customers. We believe that we re-earn the right to sell cars for our customers with every assignment that we get and that mindset starts with our founder, Willis Johnson and Jay Adair and to me and to the new hire, starts in New York well tomorrow morning. And that sounds like a throwaway cultural comment, but I think it absolutely rings true to us day-to-day here. And you would see it perhaps most pronounced in a catastrophic event when it is all hands on deck. And literally, all of us are physically or many even the executive leadership are on the ground, making sure that our teams are serving our clients capably. As one other example, we have acquired our physical land, nonstop in every instance we can for the past 40 years to ensure that we have the long-term ability to serve our customers that were never prisoners of – to third-parties who may prefer to do something else with the facility or otherwise. So it is a combination of those two. It is auction returns and the customer service mindset and having a long-term horizon, which we think has yielded those benefits over the long haul.
Jeff Liaw: We don’t comment on our fee structures, unfortunately, but I would direct you back to the overall comment that over the – any intermediate horizon, we’ve shown the ability to recover and more than recover inflation via both productivity and other measures we might take in the marketplace overall. So the – and the second point I’d add is that if and when we see a moderation in used car prices, we’ll almost certainly see a rebound or an increase in volume relative to where it otherwise would be as well.
Jeff Liaw: We haven’t shared those rules of thumb, Chris, in the past. We certainly do have a publicly published fee schedule for our members. So some of that math you can literally do by hand based on our – based on what’s publicly available but we don’t elaborate on fees.
Jeff Liaw: Over the – I think it’ll be tough – I think over the long haul, our ASPs have outpaced the Manheim. Let’s stop the clock, March 2020. Our growth in ASPs have generally outpaced the Manheim used vehicle index, which is not a surprise given total lost frequency because lesser damaged cars and newer cars are totaled. So our mix naturally evolves over time. Manheim’s mix naturally does not evolve over time. So, I would say that is – that has been true for many years pre-pandemic. During the pandemic for – as you heard us describe today, our growth in the quarter on ASPs was a little north of 20% while Manheim, I think for the quarter, is up 40%, 45% or thereabouts. And I think that reflects a lag in their index, I suppose the best way to describe it because from, say, pre-pandemic levels to today, both they and we have experienced the percentage increases in our selling prices that are plus or minus comparable. And therefore, I’d argue that our prices increased earlier and today we are a plus or minus at parity relative to pre-pandemic levels. Over the long haul, I continue to believe we’ll – our ASP growth will outpace theirs by virtue of the mix shift in total loss frequency before accounting for non-insurance business.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think it’s – our non-insurance business, I think, Bret, is a mix of dealer cars, rental car companies, financial institutions, our Copart Direct business in which we buy cars directly from consumers, and all of the above. And all of the above are experiencing some of the same disruptions that we just talked about for the purposes of Manheim and our insurance cars as well, meaning there is use – there are used car availability challenges there. There’s ample demand for cars, automotive dealers literally putting up billboards to buy cars, not to sell them. So, we’re experiencing an unusual dislocation in that regard, but have nonetheless grown our non-insurance business year-over-year for the quarter by 4.5%. But individually, I think there’s good traction there, which is a function again of returns and liquidity.
Jeff Liaw: Tough question, because I think it’s some place where we’re mixing X and Y variables a little bit. But total lost frequency in general, the marginal car would be the higher end vehicle with insurance that is fixed instead of being repaired. If you’re driving a 2008 car with any kind of meaningful impact, that’s certainly an automatic total without much consideration. The newer cars are going to be the still somewhat more marginal ones. Now the reason that, and this is what I mean by X and Y variables, the reason why total loss frequency has tapered somewhat is because used car prices are as high as they are, meaning the cars are difficult to replace, availability is a problem outright. And certainly when you can’t replace it, it’s at higher prices, which makes the total loss decision, all else equal, more expensive than it otherwise would be. But those very same high use car prices that increase the selling prices for cars in Copart auctions as well. That’s what I meant by the X and Y variables is that the underlying cause, strong use – unusually strong used car price environment has helped our ASPs overall. It perhaps has "hurt" our ASPs by cutting off a slice of the cars that otherwise would have been totaled.
Jeff Liaw: In short, yes. There are other variables at play as well, which is there’s a lot of confounding forces here that make it hard to give you a clean answer. But yes, certainly if nothing else in the world changed except the used car prices came down, we would see volume increase very meaningfully. And that’s the same answer by the way, I would have given you in December 2019 or this is a non-pandemic observation. When we’ve been asked in the past, do we want high use car prices or low used car prices? The response has generally been that high used car prices yield better unit economics for Copart, meaning we’ll make more money on the cars we sell, but also fewer units because of the total loss equation. Lower used car prices means we will face less attractive per unit economics, but we would sell many more units. So, we’ve always been ambivalent about used car prices and what it means for our business. And I suppose to characterize it more favorably, I’d say we have a hedged position when it comes to used car prices. As for today’s circumstances, I think we’re facing a more extreme set of variables than we ever have seen, at least in my own professional career, when it comes to used car availability and prices. If those prices do come down, I think we absolutely would see an increase, all else equal, in consignments to us from insurance carriers.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. Thanks, Stephanie. Pricing is, as I’m sure you can tell from this call and a couple of occasions, is a delicate subject for us that we tend not to discuss on earnings calls, public forums like this. Suffice it to say that our agreements with our sellers tend to run multiple years at a time because we make long-term commitments to them in the form of our land and technology and people and so forth, and they do in turn with us. So we take those commitments to certainly very seriously, and the contracts are where they are. It’s our responsibility to manage our costs. And as I noted a moment ago, over any intermediate period of time, we have been able to recover and more than recover the inflation in the marketplace and through productivity enhancements. So unfortunately, we can’t say much more about the pricing on either the seller or buyer side.
Jeff Liaw: So we use a mix of third parties as well as our own trucks, with a strong majority being the former, not the latter. We have the latter in terms of our own captive fleet, which has grown meaningfully over the past few years and will likely do so in the future as well to have additional capacity in the event of catastrophic events, for example. But we largely rely on third-party stockholders, who we dispatch directly so we don’t use intermediaries by and large in our local markets circuit to put them across the U.S. We know the local companies and local towers and build long standing relationships with them so that they can effectively retrieve cars for us on a near-daily basis once they’re on board.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Thanks for joining us today. We’ll look forward to talking again after the third quarter. Take care.
