William Franklin: I think the biggest surprise is just how well the team performed in terms of opening up so many yards so quickly. When we got there this summer and started looking at changing our strategy in terms of what would make us the more successful, we realized we needed a network and that's what worked for us in the U.S., the UK and other markets, Brazil, Canada. As we have a stronger network we have a better an easier ability to pick up cars quickly and provide our services and really just the team's performance and ability to do that is probably the most surprising thing. Second I would say is just the amount of buyers that we've been able to bring in. Once we started to hold auctions and we're auctioning well over 500 cars a week now, once we started that process and had regular auctions available to the members, the marketing teams has just done a really great job on getting our brand out there and cultivating buyers for our auction. So it's been very positive. We talked about it in the past. And like Jeff's comments which are let us succeed and performed and then we'll report on those results, but we're very happy with what we see in Germany.
William Franklin: Well, I do think it's going to happen. The reason that will happen is associated with friction that you have today with the process. So you are acquiring the insured to hold the vehicle and then have some buyer come to their house and pick the vehicle up and there is an insurance company the IMET in Germany, yes it isn’t concerned with customer service and net promoters scores and giving the best possible brand experience that they can give. And obviously when we send uniformed driver in and pick the vehicle up, bring it to our location, then auction it. The end buyers picking up at our location, you don’t have that touch with the buyer and the insurer and that could be a negative. There could be a number of scenarios that I could outline for you where the buyer ends up playing double conversations with the insured about the salvage, and clearly there has not the insurance company that wants that. Second reason is returns. We are able to buy cars. As Jeff has mentioned on previous cars we're able to buy cars basically through the platforms and then bring them over to the yards and auction them off and get a higher return. And that is just very, very simple. You are allowing buyers from around the country and the world to bid on product that they know they are going to get. There is no contingency, there is no question if they bid they are going to own it, whereas when they bid on the platforms there is less than 10% chance of knowing you're going to get the vehicle. If they are a high bidder they may not get the vehicle because insurer may sell it somewhere else trough a body shop or through some other, through the dealership rather than to the buyer. So you're taking away that element of unknown and making it a sure guarantee that you're going to get the vehicle. And then you have the logistical component. And we said this before it should not be underestimated. When a buyer has to, when a buyer bids on something and has to pick it up and go to three different locations, three different insurance homes and pick that vehicle up within a certain amount of timeframe that as a degree of difficulty, when a buyer can bid on three different Copart locations and buy a half a dozen or a dozen vehicles, so they can get a lot more product. And then they can take three weeks to pick it up as opposed to having to get it out within four days. That's just better experience for the buyer as well. So I guess, I don't have any doubt at this point that we're going to see continued traction in that market.
William Franklin: Right, I'll comment on the first part of your question. That's total loss rate, I think this is as you know the one way tailwind behind the business for the last 40 years, so that there are cars that went through accidents are ever prone to be in totaled than repaired. I think that's an unassailable macro factor that's really hard to read on a micro basis, so trying to forecast that quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year is tough. We do think the overwhelming forces at work here will drive it upwards over time, there is no particular ceiling that we have in mind. So I don't have a good point in time forecast for Q4, 2009. As for Europe, I think the data we haven't seen a comprehensive data source that's quite as exhaustive as CCC here in the U.S. so don't have a comparable number to share with you. The UK as you know is very different from Germany for example even at how they practice or how they handle total losses. But no we don't have any point estimates as precisely as the major sources we have here in the US.
William Franklin: Right now we're acquiring cars so that we can hold auctions, so we're doing that through the platform. We do have some non-insurance volume coming in now as well. So we're starting to process the vehicles for companies that service the insurance industry as well as rental car companies. But currently the strategy is to illustrate the benefits to the large insurers and then have them switch over to our model.
Jayson Adair: No, Bob I think the profile of our buyer base changes constantly based on the product that we're offering and you're seeing buyers that have an appetite for these different types of cars and even heavy equipment that we're offering and that's that just demonstrates the efficiency of our auction platform. We easily get those buyers, those buyers easily get us and are able to view these cars.
Jayson Adair: I mean each species segments tend to migrated to a different platform for their system operations. For example, the finance companies use a system called Auto IMS. The dealers use a dealer track or dealer socket. Number of those other systems, the buyers seem to come to us Auction access and it's extremely important for us to write the integrations that are needed to reduce any friction that is caused by operating two different systems, our systems and their the resistance our system and theirs. And we have a sniff gate initiative along the lines of creating those integrations and that's just part of, it is not just the systems it's the processes. For example, heavy equipment, transportation piece of heavy equipment could cost 4, $5,000 as opposed to well under a $100 for an insurance company. The tiling process for charities where you got to pick up the title when you pick up car is completely different the tiling processes for dealerships. Dealers are much more concerned and in need of after auction services like counter bidding. And I can go on and on. Finance companies have rules that surround repossessions even voluntary repossessions with which we have to provide special documentation and compliance. And so it just not a matter of being integrated into their software systems as it is being able to change our process to accommodate their specific needs.
Jayson Adair: It's both. We're seeing organic growth. We're seeing people, customers that we've had for years that we're contacting again. We're like I said eliminate the friction, whether it's systematic or process, encouraging them to send us cards and the returns that they're receiving have driven more and more volume. It is not one of the big things. It's a combination of a lot more things that we're doing internally.
Jayson Adair: I think years is too long. I think within 24 months, the vast majority of all those 47 projects should be delivered.
Jayson Adair: It is a reflection in parts of growth in Germany. It is largely not currency because currency would affect both sides of that ledger area right across – partially Germany, it is partially also that purchased car mix can affect this as well. So as the prices for example can rise for certain purchased cars, we've talked about this before, but the more a car bought and sold for more - dollars spread grows shrink not expect on a $10,000 car to make double the profit that you would on a $5,000 purchased car for what it's worth.
Jayson Adair: Gary, I got that number for you on the percentage of non-insurance vehicles sold last quarter, the U.S. is 22.9% and the same for last year was 20.8%.
Jayson Adair: You're right. Of course some of it is mix and we don’t - we haven’t separated the impact of the change in mix versus the increase in ASPs solely for insurance companies. So I'm not sure we could provide that to you on the call.
Jayson Adair: I think Will will provide the stats on Manheim on a two-year basis and U.S. insurance only being up 35%/
Jayson Adair: So, right not the impact on revenue. But the point is that ASPs are up and up significantly year-over-year including for the insurance segment in isolation. So it's not just mix shift, it is also significant increases in insurance ASPs in the United States.
Jayson Adair: I think the themes you've heard us talk about on the last few calls all still hold true, which is that we are seeing on average slightly newer cars being totaled. So if we look at the model year of the car we sell. We are selling more newer cars today than we were a year ago and that's been true for a while. We are also selling less damaged cars, so the cars are totally more easily. We have certain metrics to the insurance companies do rather they provide them to us regarding repair estimates. So how much is the repair estimate relative to the intact value of the car. And we are seeing by that particular barometer, less damage cars entering our system over time. On the flip side of this is all the bidding phenomenon that Will described. So I think we are seeing newer and less damaged cars on the supply side and on the demand side you are seeing more international buyers, more buyers. By the way domestic and international, but also more diversified and global buyer base for our cars. So it's both of those things working in concert that has driven selling prices up.
Jayson Adair: We probably don't have any better data than you do. So we follow third party sources like the fast track data and so forth. And what I would say first is that for the vast majority this company's history. Accident frequency has declined slightly, steadily but very slightly over time and it's been dwarfed by of course total loss frequency on the other side of the equation. So that has driven organic unit volumes up very meaningfully over time. I do think that the rapid increases in accident frequency we saw from 2011, 2012, 2016 have tapered so accident frequency may be declining somewhat maybe flat. But it's not rising at the rate that it had previously. Total loss frequency as far as we can tell continues its upward trend.
Jayson Adair: That's a tricky question to answer. So even your point about our taking shares is a very nuanced concept in the sense that we are taking share from what is a very different traditional salvage model through the listing service et cetera which I'm sure you heard and can review again from the first quarter call but in a nutshell I don't think the underlying characteristics should be different from the U.S. and the UK in the sense that the cars are relatively old across the system. So Germany is a mature economy that has had cars for a long time so the average fleet age likewise is old, in comparison by the way to developing markets or to economies that have grown tremendously in the last decade or two. China and India and like where the cars are old could be new by comparison so the cars are old. The cars are expensive for repair meaning labor costs are high, parts costs are high. Regulatory Burdens are also meaningful meaning you have to restore airbags back to tax condition to drive cars. All of those same underlying forces are similar in Germany, but for like for like salvage auctions it's just statistics in Germany we don't because they don't exist, but we are the first ones to attempt to deploy the Copart model so to speak in Germany.
Jayson Adair: No, it really doesn't. Most of our international activity is in the less developed countries. Most of our cars provide affordable transportation and our top three are Mexico which is obvious because of its proximity to the United States and the next two are the UAE and to Nigeria and we're also seeing significant growth in the Caucus countries. There is some cross pollination in our buyers in Germany, but it's not significant in scope and we don't think it will have a cannibalization impact on our international activity as Germany develops.
Jayson Adair: No, I don't think there's been a philosophical shift so far if you go back. Just a few years even at the end of 2014 we had leverage on the balance sheet for share repurchases we consummated in the summer of 2015 and December 2015. So we had a little bit more leverage then even then we do now. But no, there's no philosophical shift in how we think about leverage. We generally prefer to be, to have meaningful financial flexibility which gives us strategic flexibility when it comes to acquiring land, pursuing international growth and so forth. So we'll continue to be a relatively low leveraged institution.
Jayson Adair: I think you captured the thought well there and they are very promising markets long term for a host of reasons. That markets haven't yet materialized to nearly the same extent that they have in Europe and the United States. So we'll be there when it emerges but it's not in the next couple of years anyway.
Jayson Adair: Thank you for coming on the call and we look forward to reporting on the next call on Q3. Thanks again. Bye-bye.
Jeffrey Liaw: Bob I'll just add to that, but I think both are true. So we expand as the nature of the cars that we offer evolves our buyer base expands further as well, but it's also true that the existing buyer base is thirsty for the kind of cars that are offered by the dealer and consigners. Otherwise by the way they wouldn't consign through us, as much as we'd like to say we're fantastic four independent dealers and so forth. They vote with their feet and they vote as a reflection of the auction prices they achieve at Cobalt auctions. So I think it's a testament to the power of that buyer network that they're doing quite well and bringing more cars to go cart over time. I think that also has a virtuous slight cycle effect as well because then those newer or less damaged or non damaged cars then bring further buyers into the network as well. So I think it's a marketplace that continues to expand on both sides, buyers and sellers.
Jeffrey Liaw: That's largely the effect of the accounting change Gary. So it - to make a long story short, anyway check this [indiscernible] I think quite a pretty robust discussion there of how the accounting now forces us what revenue, we use to pull more revenue forward, now we push more to the back which hangs more of it on the balance sheet which is - and the corresponding costs which is why BPC is up so dramatically.
Jeffrey Liaw: Yes I'll give you the big one, so unit sales, nominal unit sales declined 0.6%, U.S. unit declined 3.7%, international growth of 18.7%, excluding Hurricane Harvey, global unit sales growth of 7.7%, U.S. unit growth of 5.7 ex Harvey and ex charities we said in the U.S. with 7.5%.
