Jay Adair: Thank you, Chantel. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first quarter earnings release conference call for 2018. With me in the room today is Jeff Liaw, CFO; and Will Franklin, Executive Vice President for Copart. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff Liaw, who will give you some color commentary and then over to Will Franklin, and then we'll open it up for questions. So it's my pleasure to introduce Jeff Liaw.
Jay Adair: I think that's what we're seeing is not a onetime event. I think we're seeing a trend, and I think what's happening is we're seeing the increase in repair costs driven by a number of different factors. And we talked about this very extensively. The complexities of the cars, the exotic metals. We're also seeing consolidation in the repair industry, where it's predicted by the year 2020, 45% of all repairs be handled by MSOs. All of these are leading to an increase in repair costs, which internally are leading to a higher salvage frequency in the newer and more complex cars.
Jay Adair: No, we don't have 70,000 left to clear. But yes, we have seen a slowdown. And it's just the capacity of the state to process these titles. We're doing everything that we can on our end. And initially, we saw times that were consistent with what we would expect to normal operations. But more recently, we've seen the slowdown.
Jay Adair: $17 million net in the last quarter, it will be profitable going forward, meaning they're going to benefit Q2. They're going to benefit Q3 and benefit Q4. But overall, we will lose, as Will explained earlier.
Jay Adair: Well, we're currently in Spain, and we think we have the same opportunity in Spain. We have one existing facility in Madrid, and we're currently looking at expanding into the areas of Barcelona and Magala. So I think that would be the next area that we probably be focusing our efforts.
Jay Adair: We are, Gary. And I think it goes beyond the nature of the damage. I think that the interest companies and the repair shops are completely overwhelmed by the monstrous volume in those areas and I think we're getting better cars than you might in a different environment. So the ASPs on the Harvey cars are higher than in other CATs and in overall company averages.
Jay Adair: Yes. Non-insurance cars is growing as a percentage, excluding Harvey, of course. And that's been driven primarily by cars from franchise and independent dealerships but there's other segments that have been growing as well.
Jay Adair: Something we haven't called out. We've talked about the growth in that market itself, which was 13% last quarter.
Jay Adair: Six quarters ago, where much of our lift in non-insurance cars came from charity. It was actually detrimental to our average ASPs. But that's no longer the case. So we've made some adjustment to our approach to charities, and we've reduced the number of cars coming from that market. At the same time, we've expanded significantly our efforts in the areas the franchise and dealerships. We have new programs in place. We have new resources focused on it. But probably more importantly, we're getting higher returns than we have been in the past on these types of cars. And that's all leading to more volume. Those cars have a higher ASP and create an uplift to our overall ASPs.
Jay Adair: Thank you, Chantel. Thank you, everyone, for attending the first quarter call for Copart. Happy Thanksgiving, and we look forward to reporting on Q2 next year.
Jeff Liaw: Thanks, Bob. So the National Powersport acquisition I think you know we completed in June this year, and it has performed according to our expectations. We acquired the business believing, as you may recall from our prior discussion, that it was both an excellent stand-alone investment as a company well positioned in attractive marketplace with room to grow ahead of it and that it was also very strategically relevant to us given our recent focus on the powersports arena with CrashedToys and otherwise that it would ultimately help us serve our existing customers as well. That thesis remains very much intact; the Company is performing well, the team is excited to be part of the Copart family as well, so no surprises there. And then as to your question about other, not particularly -- I think you know we wouldn't speculate on any forward-looking M&A activity. But no, it's not per se a part of the systemic program.
Jeff Liaw: So the sales of the units from this quarter of approximately 12,000 or thereabouts. And the pickup activity still some stragglers, by and large, completed the pickups in this quarter. And just to point out again what Jeff said previously. The majority of expenses associated with processing these cars, the recovery and the storage, the place in the event, it occurs at the very beginning of the process right up to the assignment. And that's why you see the loss generated in this quarter. So you see some choppiness in the impact of the storm on our financial results for the next couple of quarters. But on an overall basis, we expect to have a loss.
Jeff Liaw: We're not providing forward-looking guidance, as you know, Craig. There's nothing particularly distorting the quarter, I'd say, meaning the size of the CAT, obviously, which we help normalize for you. So you're seeing the benefit, in some cases, of some operating leverage. Strong unit growth leveraging our existing facilities and infrastructure. You're seeing, of course, G&A that's not growing anywhere near the rate that our revenue and gross profit is. So I think it's largely operating leverage on the G&A level. And then, of course, the selling price phenomenon you heard Will and me both talk about.
Jeff Liaw: John, I think we don't intend to provide any further data publicly, but the logic is what you just described. So we look at it on a histogram basis, how many cars are 0 to 1, 0 to 5, 6 to 10, etcetera, and that's what yielded the commentary you heard today, which is that we are seeing a newer mix of cars in the first quarter this year as compared to the first quarter of last year.
Jeff Liaw: John, I think not prepared to be more specific on that front, except to say that, as you heard from Will, a good chunk of the costs for us are the towing expense and then also the flood cleanup. Those expenses largely incurred in the first quarter. That said, there are ongoing period costs, processing costs, as you might call them, including the rent for temporary facilities, including personnel. So we still have a lot of extra folks who are on the ground there in person managing the volume we've got as well as the travel and corresponding expenses that comes from having extra personnel deployed there. So those expenses will continue in subsequent quarters.
Jeff Liaw: Nothing that we would identify specifically. We're always competing for business in such a competitive market. But we're also always trying to prove our service offerings and our products, and I think we're doing a good job in doing that.
Jeff Liaw: No. If the trends continue -- we're seeing 10% growth in the just the insurance salvage market, that means we'd have to have 700 or 800 acres a year to keep pace. And in addition to that, we've employed a new approach to CATs to where we want to be able to land bank large-CAT capacity in high-risk areas. And that also is adding to our need for land. So I don't see the need for land abating for the next couple of years.
Jeff Liaw: To answer your question, yes, we expect it to grow. And I don't think there's any way to avoid that with the increase of products and technology and volume and land capacity. But we also don't expect it to grow as fast as our revenue. So we think that's [ph] still leverageable.
Jeff Liaw: For an earlier question, I think our margins are driven by unit volume leverage. So the benefits of selling additional units through fixed facility, so to speak. that will obviously grows over time as well. The selling prices of our vehicles have been strong. You heard commentary on that today as well. And then lastly, I think the point you raised at the outset of your question here, which is G&A, which grows but typically not at rates anywhere close to the kind of revenue growth rates we're experiencing today.
Jeff Liaw: I think your question -- your premise is the right one, which is that the sample size remains so small, but it's -- in most respects, it's too early to tell. The combination of factors here these electric cables are often made out of more complex substrates, so the panels are more difficult to repair. They also often come with additional safety technologies or cameras on the perimeter, which again, also further escalate repair costs and could or should lead to total loss rates being higher. But those are -- it's too early to render a definitive conclusion on that front.
Jeff Liaw: The mix effect of the hurricane would more than offset the supply factors you just described. So the typical hurricane car sales for more than our standard insurance-sourced vehicle.
Jeff Liaw: As you noted, we don't have, of course, have any internal visibility as to how they account for the catastrophic events. I look, of course, that our quarter doesn't end at precisely the same time that theirs does, so that may be a driver. We just know that $36 million is what it took for us to provide excellent service to our customers in connection with these catastrophic events. Hard for me to comment on theirs. Let me just one area, which I think we exceeded, I think, the expectations of our insurance. We actually obtained an extra 800 acres of storage capacity at a cost of about $15 million. And I think those types of efforts generate cost in excess of what otherwise would be expensive and situations.
