A. Jayson Adair: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Second Quarter Earnings Call For Copart. On the call with me this morning is Jeff Liaw, our CFO, and Will Franklin, our Executive Vice President. We're going to ahead and start with Jeff. He'll be passing it to Will. And then, we will open it up for questions. So, if you have a specific question that is for one us, you can call us up by name. It'd be great. With that, I'll pass it to Jeff.
A. Jayson Adair: And Bob, I'll just add to that. To your point, when Will says next quarter, that's Q3. And to your point, the cost associated with receiving those cars was in Q2. So there was cost associated with building the inventory.
A. Jayson Adair: I really can't be more specific than that because it's more of a cultural philosophy that we now have.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, the good news is the non-insurance business is a high turn business. So, it's got a little cycle time, taking up less capacity of our facilities. And these are, in many cases, as Will mentioned, a donation fleet, but also dealer business. So, the differentiator is really showing the results, the data, so it's – we've got a great sales team, and we then back them with the tools they need to go out and show the data to articulate the return that we're delivering at auction. So, right now, it's an interesting time because you've got this extremely strong dollar. I don't know. I haven't looked at the peso recently, but I think the last time I looked at it, it was MXN 17 or MXN 18, something like that to the dollar. The peso a year or two ago was closer to MXN 10. So we've got this extremely strong dollar right now, and yet we're still averaging above 20% international sales. So, it is down some, but it's still a meaningful number to the company. And that drives returns. So, if you can show potential clients the actual numbers, the actual results, the returns that we're getting, you will drive volume. And there's been a very successful push in that area both on – U.S. about non-insurance, but both on non-insurance and on insurance business. So, we've had a significant – we had a significant year in terms of gains through new business, but we've also been fortunate in the respect of having an industry that's growing right now. There's a lot of – we've talked in previous calls. There's a lot of natural hedges at Copart. So if the dollars were to weaken, ASPs would go up. Fuel prices typically would be higher in a weakened dollar state. So, we make more per car but we process less volume. Right now, it's the exact opposite of that. So, we're processing a lot more volume as a company, making less in a per unit basis but in absolute terms making more. So, yeah, things are good.
A. Jayson Adair: If I can add to that, you're also – Matt, you're also putting more vehicles on the existing infrastructure in the U.S. So, as we see population increase, more vehicles aging, the cost of those vehicles is lower. Access to vehicles goes up. More people drive, more people driving, more people on the road causes more accident. So, there's a number of moving parts here. We don't subscribe to the belief that vehicles are going to be self-driving, at least not in my future. I can't see how that's going to happen. That's too far out. As for a collision avoidance, for sure there's going to be more of that. But it's very analogous to anti-lock brakes in the 1980s. We saw anti-lock brakes installed in cars. At the same time anti-lock brakes went in, it reduced the number of accidents. They put airbags in cars. And when the airbags went in, they increased the total loss frequency. So, to Will's point, there's going to be a lot of additions to the vehicle that is causing the cost of repair to go up. It will be offsetting that collision avoidance.
A. Jayson Adair: Thank you, Jennifer. Again, thank you, everyone, for attending the call. We're really happy with the results. We look forward to reporting on the third quarter on the next call. Thanks again. Bye-bye.
William Franklin: Thank you, Jeff. I'm going to provide a little more color on our performance during the quarter, as well as what we're seeing in the industry. First off, let me say how pleased we are with the results of our second quarter. The 8.5% growth in our revenue, as Jeff said, resulted primarily from growth in volume in both North America and the UK. In North America, beginning in the second half of our fiscal 2014, we began to see what we believe to be an increase in salvage frequency. By salvage frequency, we mean the rate at which cars involved in accidents are deemed economic loss and totaled as opposed to being repaired. We believe this trend is continuing, yet not accelerating. The trend is driven by several factors, the most important of which are the combination of rising repair cost and the increase in the average age of cars on the road. Growth in repair costs, we believe, has resulted from industry consolidation as more independent repair shops are being purchased by MSOs and, probably more importantly, the greater complexity of new cars from exotic and light-weight materials, complex construction sensors, cameras, and other electronics, all of which demand that shops employ new equipment, tools, and training as well as requiring more replacement parts per repair. Concurrent with this rise in repair cost, the average age of cars on the road has grown. At the end of 2015, the average age was 11.5 years, and it is expected to increase going forward. In addition to the growth in salvage frequency, we're now seeing an increase in accident frequency as lower fuel prices and higher employment trends are leading to an increase not only in the miles driven, but also the average speed of travel leading to more, and more severe, accidents. We also see this trend continuing. In North America, in addition to the growth in insurance volume, we've also seen growth in our non-insurance market. This growth was led by increases in charity and donation cars, broker cars, and cars from municipalities. In fact, non-insurance volume grew at a faster pace than insurance volume, representing 19.9% of total North American volume as compared to 19.4% in the same quarter last year. In North America, sales volume grew by 13.2% and inventory was up by 16.7%. To accommodate this significant increase in volume as well as the anticipated future increase, our operations and land teams have been extremely successful in obtaining new capacity. Some locations that have been historically difficult to address, we've been able to obtain facilities. In the next 12 months, we expect to open 15 new yards including a 22-acre facility in a prime Southern California location, addressing a capacity need that has existed for over 20 years. In addition to the new yards, we're actively working on the expansion of 18 existing facilities. Now to the UK in which we saw a similar growth in volume increasing by 10.5%. The insurance volume grew to increases in both market size and market share. However, almost half of the total growth in volume came from non-insurance sellers as the whole car dealer and the whole car direct purchase programs grew in both volume and profitability. In total, our worldwide volume grew by 12.9% and our worldwide inventory grew by 16.9%. We're also extremely pleased at our efforts to control both our operating cost and our general and administrative cost. We've been focused on spending our dollars efficiently with an eye on returns. In the last five quarters, our consolidated G&A spend has averaged $30.1 million. In the five quarters prior to that period, our average quarterly G&A spend was $36.8 million. In addition, in the last 10 quarters, we have been successful in controlling our operating cost in a very challenging environment, all leading to the operational leverage that generates relative growth in margin and EBIT that outpaces our growth in revenue. That concludes my brief comments. Jennifer, now we'll turn the control of the call back over to you for Q&A.
William Franklin: Sure. Bob, it really didn't have much impact at all this quarter. That contract, we began collecting those cars deep into December. And that really didn't allow for enough time for those cars to cycle through to the auction process. So, we anticipate those to have an impact next quarter. They really had very little impact in the current quarter.
William Franklin: Let me just add to that, that's for these particular projects. There is always other needs that come up but addressing just the ones we identified in this call, that's the figure.
William Franklin: Sure. So just to be clear, we have one permanent location that's North of Delhi. The location in Chennai is in response to some floods are taking place in that region and we have yet to decide whether that will be a permanent location or not. As you said, we're just entering that market and entering in any far market requires a learning curve, and not just cultural, but technically and processes. And so we're using these initial auctions to become familiar with how to best address that market. We don't talk about it in much detail, because it's not a major contributor at this point. Although, we think our international strategy will generate meaningful growth going forward, at the current time, it's not. And so, we just – we don't really focus on it during these calls.
William Franklin: Yeah. Bill, we really have a fairly complete network. Most of these yards that we're looking at are to address capacity needs in those areas. But a byproduct of that, as always, we become more efficient on our self hauling. When you have more locations, you tend to reduce the average haul distance.
William Franklin: So, let me – there are several questions there. Let me start with the ones I can remember. The scrap metal pricing affects the majority of the cars that we sell. It affects cars that are recycled, cars that are crushed and cars that are dismantled. Even once the valuable parts are harvested, the carcass needs to be recycled. And so, I would say that it has a meaningful impact on our total auction volume. What was the – give me the second question.
William Franklin: No. We really don't discuss specific pricing strategies on the call. I will tell you that with the scarcity of land, we're very sensitive to the nature of the cars that we process and we've become more selective in that area.
William Franklin: Sure. That (20:32) was specific to the UK. So it was actually about 45% of the volume growth in the UK was from non-insurance cars. In the U.S., it's far less. My point in the United States was that the growth rate in non-insurance cars, while it represents just slightly less than 20% of our total volume, it's faster than our growth rate in our insurance volume; at least, it was year-over-year.
William Franklin: Yeah. I think we've become more efficient in our technology spend will be the primary driver there. I would say that's the primary, but it's not the sole, so we've actually gone through every function within our G&A to make sure that it produces value. And we've made changes, and it's not necessarily reflected in head count. It's reflected in programs and consultants and initiatives that don't lead to new cars. That's kind of like our goal standard for should we spend the dollar? And the answer is, if it's going give us more cars then we tend to lean towards spending it. If the answer is that it doesn't, then we have to question again why we never want to spend that dollar. And that's kind of a process and a filter that we've employed in analyzing all of our costs in G&A.
William Franklin: We benefit from a fixed cost model, so the most important measurement for us is how many cars we process per yard. That being said, we have pressures in the other direction. So, one of our measure is not to measure cost of processing every car is the sub-haul cost. And while we've benefited from the lower fuel prices, the higher demand has actually offset that benefit where we're paying slightly more for our self-hauling cost.
William Franklin: That's more of a bigger picture comment. But we are seeing it in the quarter. I mean, we've seen it for some time and the impact is, as you can see, in the increased volume. So, I mean, we've got both those influences working in the direction of sending more volume to us: accident frequency and salvage frequency.
William Franklin: Yeah. Actually, on a sequential basis, we did see foreign participation up. So, I don't know if that's a result of recovering from shock or other influences, but we did see a sequential increase.
William Franklin: I think that over the course of time, it will have a negative impact on accident frequency and a positive impact on accident and salvage frequency. So, as I said, these cars are packed full of electronics and complex materials. And any time you have a car involved in an accident that has – we just heard that if you replace a window in a Mercedes Benz, you have to reset several sensors in that Mercedes Benz that you didn't have two or three years ago. So as the cost to repair goes up, and Jay talked about this. These are the natural hedges in our business. So, we think that, as expected, we'll have fewer accidents. We also think that those accidents result in a higher percentage of cars being towed.
William Franklin: And Matt, let me make with one final comment. So, the outlook I gave was long term. If you looked at industry sources, I think that they are suggesting that at least through 2020, they expect a growth in accident frequency.
Jeffrey Liaw: Bob, thanks for the question. I think the – we expect the expenditures to be substantial forecasting more precisely difficult in the realm of land and land development spending is episodic, the exact timing it's tough to pin down. So we don't have a forecasted number. We'd broadly say approximately $100 million over the next 12 months.
Jeffrey Liaw: Yeah. Actually that's in response to a market win in that location and we see volume growing in Canada as well. So, yes, I would assume that over the course of time maybe not 12 months but over the next year or two, we'll need more facilities in Canada.
Jeffrey Liaw: Hi, Bill. This is Jeff speaking. I think every quarter we'll encounter blips in both directions. I think if you take our fiscal year so far, in combination with Q1 and Q2, I think that's reasonably representative of our starting point. We do provide the guidance that with these elevated volumes, with international expansion, we do expect modest increases over time. So, I think if you take Q1 and Q2 as a starting point, that's a reasonable base line.
Jeffrey Liaw: Thanks for the question, Elizabeth. This is Jeff speaking. As you noted, the cash balance declined substantially versus the prior quarter as we completed the Dutch Auction. We don't manage the business specifically to a target leverage ratio. I think we do expect to generate operating cash flow in the third quarter as we typically have done in terms of our seasonal performance. So, we won't necessarily govern how we think about investments in land and so forth as Will was describing a moment ago based on our balance sheet. We have $140 million of cash, more than $225 million in our revolver. So, that won't be a near-term or medium-term constraint on how we think about investing in new opportunities of that sort. Regarding, I think, your embedded question about share repurchases, that's not something we'll comment on in a call like this. We'll continually evaluate that in the quarters and years to come how we think about the – our balance sheet in the aggregate.
Jeffrey Liaw: Sure. I'll start there, and then Will and Jay can jump in as well. So in terms of the standalone operations themselves in the UK, that the costs and the revenues are in British pounds, so we don't have any mismatch within the four walls of the operations in our UK business. In terms of the translation exposure, we do have a general inclination to take the pounds we generate and convert them to U.S. dollars for our own holdings' sake. We don't have a hedge in place today regarding the translation risk for the UK – for the pound in terms of revenue and earnings. So there is some volatility there. It can obviously work both ways.
