Jayson Adair: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning everyone and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Copart. Before I start, I will turn it over to Jeff Liaw for opening remarks and then I'll give you some commentary, turn it back to Jeff for an update and then we'll open it up for Q&A. With that let me turn over to Jeff.
Jayson Adair: Well, if we go back maybe five-ish years on these earnings calls. I remember, making a comment that I didn't believe autonomous driving was going to be at the level that everybody was predicting back in those days. And in fact, we actually -- as I said on the opening call, we doubled down on our belief and started acquiring quite a bit of Copart stock because, I think it was just a general belief at that time that volumes would shrink over time not increase. The -- I could get into all of the sharing economy and I could sum it up with a bunch of examples and analogies. But there is nothing practical about buying a Mercedes-Benz or a BMW or any luxury car. It's a personal choice. There's nothing practical about living in a large home and most of America today, while could live in a much smaller home, chooses a larger home because it's convenient and that's nice. Cars are the same way. I think your personal and while there will be some sharing involved, just like there is some Uber involved, I think for the most part when it's convenient, it's not always convenient in New York City to own a car, but what's convenient in most of America to own a car, I think you'll see that. So I'm of the belief putting that aside, that we're going to see increased volume just as an industry regardless of market share wins, the Copart has had, you're going to see increased volume, because the market just going to continue to grow because the trend that's most important is technology, being put into cars, that's not going to stop. People love technology and they love additional technology going in the cars and that will cause cars to be tougher to repair 10 years from now and those vehicles will be more likely to be written off as a total loss and repaired. So I think the trend of volumes going to continue to increase.
Jayson Adair: We're doing very well right now. There is no question about that. But I felt I should at least tell some of the story of the last 25 years and I promise, not to -- to get the [indiscernible] as the woman on coffee talk does. But when I look back in my head and think about going to New York for the first time, seeing the process and how you take the company public and watching Willis gives his feel to the investment community 10 times a day for two weeks and then to hear that Copart being yelled and screamed and sworn across the floor. I thought it was just a story that had to be told. It's something we talk about sometimes internally, but I think the investment community may not really appreciate the humble beginnings of this Company and what this Company has achieved and the people that make up this Company and how incredible they are. So it's just that -- yes, we're doing well right now, but it's just that, I try not to get emotional sometimes, but it happens and in that case it happened. I guess may be reflecting back in my mind, Willis having a conversation with Willy Weinstein [ph] and us getting ready to open up on the floor, the next thing you know they're screening Copart and there is a bottle of champagne and everybody's taking a sip at 10 o'clock in the morning or 9 o'clock in the morning, whenever the hell the Street opens up, but you know that just -- that was just such a great memory and so it's a once in a lifetime I think. And Copart over the years was viewed as -- Oh, Jezz, you guys have tripled the stock now. Oh, Jezz, you guys have six times the stock now. And I don't know what the stock is trading at today, but at $0.50 a share, if it's [indiscernible] bucks we've 160 times the stock and the future for me has never been brighter. I've never seen the market share gains that we are seeing right now and in the history of the Company, I've never seen the kind of volume that's coming in from a market share win and I've never seen the kind of organic growth because of the technology and cars and I've never seen us operate at such a high level in terms of delivering on the service. So that's it in the nutshell.
Jayson Adair: Let me make this two parts. Let me turn it over to Jeff after I make this comment. This will give you a -- I think a more precise response or answer to it. Will Franklin [ph] coined the term risk homeostasis. And I think it makes a lot of sense and that is that if you've got auto breaking or you've got adaptive cruise or you've got lane assist and or the car literally drives itself down the road, keeping in the lane, you just got to keep your hands on the wheel, I think those are technologies that allow you to take more risk. Hence the term risk homeostasis. I think it causes people to be distracted more and in some ways, makes the car no more safe. I would as a recipient of damaged cars, I would like to see people drive safely and that at the end of the day is most important, but when you have technology on cars that allow you to be less engaged, people don't multitask well. You're either good at driving the car on you're good at not driving the car and being a passenger. But to drive the car and not fully focus on the car in front of you, the car that's in the line next year because you've got technology to this issue. I don't think it's the best idea. For me personally, I shuttle that stuff off in my cars. I go and hit all the buttons. I don't have any of that stuff working when I drive. I don't want to trying to keep me in my lane, I don't want any of that. On the flip side, when the car does get in a wreck, all that technology has to replaced, that raise the cost of repair, increases total losses. So that's my take. I'll turn to Jeff.
Jayson Adair: Well, let me start with this. For 16 years, we've had data that nobody else in the industry has because every single bid goes through the Internet. We've got every single high bid, every single second high bid, what we call a push bid, every single bid on that vehicle. So we can see that what customers are looking for, it's analogous to Amazon. If you are looking at an iPhone or iPods or something of that nature on the site and you don't buy it, they know, you were looking, they know you're interested. They know that you may actually want cords [ph] some other features. So we have the same ability because they look at every single vehicle and bid online, it allows us to tailor the technology towards pushing vehicles to them. In the old days, we used to say buyer comes to the yard and looks at the car and has to find it. We put it online, buyers can go online and find it, but we've taken down the travel friction. But we haven't taken down the friction of finding and now we find it for you. So if you're online, we're going to very quickly be able to tailor the types of vehicles that you're looking for and what you want. So that's one massive component. The other component I talked about already as a social media piece, we've really been able to create a buzz around the amazing product and the technology the Copart has. And so that when you think about -- you put both of those together, it allows you to create an enormous demand for the cars like Will -- like Jeff said, we're not thinking about scrap prices today, that vehicles are much different and the demand on the vehicles is much different than it was 10 years ago. So it's really change that -- from that standpoint. Then when we think internationally, these trends are happening in Germany, in the UK and other big markets that we're active in. And so we're leveraging knowledge across multiple markets, which is a wonderful thing, and different maybe then Walmart is in the US and Walmart has ASDA in the UK. I don't know if someone who buys at ASDA in the UK is going to buy something in the U.S. With Copart there is a cross-pollination of buyer base, where buyers that are looking at product in the UK may go online and find that Harley, they were looking for in the U.S. and then -- and then bid on it. So there is a fair amount of that that exists across the -- I give that example, but there's a fair amount of that it exist across Polish buyers buying in the UK, become aware of Copart, start to bid in the U.S. that kind of thing. So it's -- that's why you see so much focus from Jeff on talking about international bidding and the rest, because it's a very different game than it was 10 years ago when scrap prices mattered.
Jayson Adair: Okay. Thank you, Jonathan. I appreciate everybody for coming to the call. We look forward to reporting on Q1, and we'll talk to you then. Thanks so much. Bye, bye.
Jeffrey Liaw: A good question, Bob. And I think we generally don't comment on individual accounts. But if you look at multiple quarters, multiple years really, I think it becomes self-evident that we have grown faster than the industry overall and the reasons we think are many folds. A handful that I'll describe here, but certainly auction returns, the economic proposition we offer is first and foremost, you heard us both talk about our technology platform, member recruitment equivalent marketing and so forth, which drives superlative auction results, which ultimately drives unit volumes and account wins in our favor. We, as you know from prior calls pride ourselves on security and service as well, both in the ordinary course of business. There are a number of details that I want to drag you through, but when we talk about operational performance with our customers what that means, I think is in many fold experience with Copart and then of course we also take pride in our superior service in catastrophic events as well. So depending on where you are in storm cycles, economic cycles, etc., certainly, different customers have different priorities, but we work day and night to deliver excellent results on all those dimensions.
Jeffrey Liaw: To answer your question technically is difficult because there is no -- it is not like for like right, meaning a 10-year-old car today is not the same as a 10-year-old car a year ago and that's one of the drivers thought change. But, yes what we're describing is not just mix shift from insurance to non-insurance. It is also like for like increases and the selling prices of insurance vehicles. So I think the answer to your question is yes, they are both increases in the 10-year-old car as well as an increasing mix of newer cars within the insurance world as well.
Jeffrey Liaw: Certainly, I think we have continued to invest in Germany. We've experienced strong growth in both our traditional listing service business, as well as the Copart style -- Copart model auctions that we're running in Germany. We continue to invest in land member recruitment, seller sales efforts and so forth. So the progress continues there. We continue to believe the economic proposition is compelling [Technical Difficulty] Bob, where we got into retail, I think the story is still very much holds from there.
Jeffrey Liaw: Thanks, Craig. Copart started on getting experience. I would say in super storms back in 2005. Sure, we dealt with storms prior to that, but 2005 is really the eye opener. Following that would be Sandy and Harvey. And today, we've got an amazing team that is just dedicated to cat. We got land dedicated to cat and we've got equipment dedicated to cat. So I can get into all the details when we just say that's we're prepared and we're ready across the Eastern seaboard. So whether the hurricane was going to impact Miami or whether it's going to impact New York, we've got the people, the equipment and the land in place and ready to go to serve our customers. So we're good.
Jeffrey Liaw: Craig, I'm just going to jump in and add a little -- a little further, and as you might imagine, we spent a lot of energy tracking technologies changes in behavior, ride sharing and the like, because we do make long-term multiple decades investments in land and technology, etcetera, to support our business. So we very much need to understand it. And at the risk of being pedantic, I think I'd drag this back to the basic algebra of what drives unit volume for Copart and that is vehicle miles traveled, accident frequency and then total loss frequency and then I ask myself what is ride sharing need for each of them. Ride sharing I think for miles traveled almost certainly will drive up the number of miles on the road today. I've seen consulting studies that indicate that every mile of self-driving is replaced by 2.8 miles of ride sharing miles instead that may be bullish, but the point is that almost certainly we have reduced the friction for driving. It's easier now to drive after a couple of drinks, easier for younger or older people to get in the car as well. Vehicle miles will rise. Accident frequency, I think all else equal, I think it's likely neutral. I don't think that Uber and [indiscernible] drivers are systematically superior drivers than the rest of us, you may be more bullish on that front than I am. And then lastly, total loss frequency Ride sharing I think I've no effect here. Total loss frequency has been the one way tailwind for the past 50 years in the business. In 1980 total loss frequency was 4% or thereabouts, today it's more than 5% [ph]. So to me, that is -- those are the individual drivers, the vehicle miles traveled and loss frequency almost certainly will continue to move in our favor, accident frequency, you'll form your own point of view as to how much of the growth in the other two is offset by accident frequency. But in the aggregate, I don't think ride sharing changes the calculus for our business.
Jeffrey Liaw: Bret in short, no. I think you mixed a few things in there that I will try to piece apart. One, you made a comment about scrap rates, which are clearly lower and more than 20% down year-over-year. We used to have that in our script every quarter. We literally didn't even include this year. So I think it's increasingly irrelevant for our business. Our cars as you know, some are sold for parts, many are sold to be rebuilt and repaired, many go overseas for both purposes and therefore the actual metal content in the car is less and less relevant for our fundamental business.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think in a vacuum that question may be reasonable, which is to say, what if -- in other words, if I were to say to you hypothetically what if total crash cars -- total loss cars were to multiply by five-fold. Will you get to the point where it doesn't make any economic sense to total anymore. All else equal, I think the answer might have been, yes. But if I told you, total loss vehicles can grow by five-fold, while selling prices for those total cars keep rising and substantially so, then I think the problem is solved, right. If there were a finite demand, a fixed demand for that supply of vehicles I think the answer is yes. I think we have proven especially over the past three years that demand is very much not finite. With that global buyer base for rest of US and UK and Canadian cars etc., is robust and growing.
Jeffrey Liaw: We generally don't provide that Brett and for a multitude of reasons including that the gross number of acres is actually not all that informative, but -- because the land is not fungible. So what you have in Florida is not relevant to what you have in Texas and California and so forth. So we don't provide that level of details, I think it's almost misleading in it's precision. But I think the punch line is, we invested very meaningfully in land in fiscal 2019. We don't see that trend abating anytime soon.
Jeffrey Liaw: Thanks for your question, Dan. In short, I think I get that question a fair bit when I'm on the road as to whether, it will grow as a mix of our overall business. And I think what I'd tell you fundamentally, that's not really how we think about running the business. We want to grow our insurance business and we want to grow our non-insurance dealer business, equipment dealers, wholesalers that the entire universe of customers we want to grow. So whether one [indiscernible] even a given year or 5-year period is quote outgrowing the other is less relevant to us and the fact that we want to continue to pursue and grow our business there. I think you heard me briefly allude to the economic proposition and the value proposition, we offer these sellers in the non-insurance universe. I think again, first and foremost is a massive liquid digital auction platform that will yield full and fair values to them, that hard stuff is the most important thing by far. Beyond that of course is the service and the sales force and the marketing efforts that we have underway to pursue and win those customers. I think we win that business from a multitude of different places. From the dealer world, some of those folks may well floor and sell the cars directly themselves and -- look to the large whole care option, others look to newer, modern digital apps C2C, B2C, B2B and otherwise, to which to dispose the vehicles. So there is no doubt, it's a competitive universe. I think our growth in the past few years is a reflection of our success in our, both our marketing efforts, but ultimately the auction platform itself and the price that yield.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think the inventory growth, as you know from having followed us for a while is the best, but also still imperfect indicator of unit volume for the next quarter or two or three, is certainly is an indication of strong growth in the business and that's how I would interpret it. I would again reiterate that in looking at any of these measures, we look at multiple quarters at a time, not an individual data point that's literally one day July 31, 2019 versus July 31 2018. But nonetheless, that growth rate is not accidental, it is a reflection of both growing market volumes, account wins and growth in our business.
Jeffrey Liaw: There is no -- no particular sustained to change that -- is reflected in that number. So I'll be internally consistent and tell you in both directions that a single quarter indicator is not the best and most reliable indicator for the business.
Jeffrey Liaw: Got it. First, on the all-digital question; I think for us we're always exploring ways to better serve our sellers and buyers and that's certainly one of the paths that we consider and evaluate on an ongoing basis. I think I would note, there are folks who are investing very heavily quite literally losing money and spending cash in on those pathways. While we continue to generate very positive returns on our auction platform. So the overall value proposition for Copart against the backdrop of -- in some cases venture-backed businesses and so forth, continues to grow very well, meaningfully faster than the used car market overall. So I think it's a reflection, at least in part that the Copart auction platform is succeeding in that world as it is, to your second question about the addressable universe. I don't know that we'd exclude anyone. I think there are folks who are more target rich than others, but these are leasing companies, fleets, dealers, independent franchise. So I think anyone with the vehicle to sell, we consider fair game for Copart.
Jeffrey Liaw: Chris, what I was going to add is that I think it can be true. I think, which you're alluding to is not simply the one metric measure of accident frequency, but also potentially reduce the severity as well. And I think the answer to that is yes. You could see less physical severity in an accident, so to speak. But I think by the way, if you went back and looked, so if you go back in 10-year increments and take a picture of a borderline salvaged car, total loss car, that car has changed a lot in the last 50 years. 50 years ago, the car with obliterated. It was hammered barely recognizable the vehicle. Today a car that is mildly hit from the rear or the front, can easily be totaled by virtue of the technology you just described. Accident detection and avoidance systems are effectively high value, no generic available sensors on the perimeter of a car. There is a lane departure sensors in the mirrors, the cameras and [indiscernible] in the front and rear bumpers, those are technologies that are expensive to repair, literally for the parts themselves as well as the skill required to install and calibrate them. So while the physical severity may decrease. I think the economic severity is unlikely to be. The cost of repair, we don't think it is going down anytime soon. And I think there is decades worth of evidence to suggest that's true.
Jeffrey Liaw: No, not particularly. I think that ASP number is meaningfully is still growing meaningfully more than the used car market in general, meaningfully more than the ACV, or the pre-accident value, so to speak of the cars that are being consigned through us. So I don't think it's a reflection of any particular change.
