Jeffrey Liaw: Thank you, Dan. I'll start today's call with the safe harbor before turning it over to Jay for opening remarks. During today's call, we'll discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which include adjustments to reverse the certain discrete income tax items, disposal of nonoperating assets, foreign currency-related gains and losses, certain tax benefits and payroll taxes related to accounting for stock option exercises. And the effect on common equipment from ASU 2016-09. We've provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website under the Investor Relations link and in our press release issued yesterday. We believe these non-GAAP measures, together with our corresponding GAAP measures, are relevant in assessing our business trends and performance. We analyze our results on both GAAP and non-GAAP basis.  In addition, our comments today include forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including forward-looking statements concerning management's current views with respect to trends, opportunities, uncertainties, including with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. The current worldwide pandemic could adversely affect our financial results in future periods based on declines in accident volume and other pandemic-related factors, and our business and operating results are generally subject to additional uncertainties such as dependence on our major vehicles, sellers, business risks relating to our international expansion strategies, factors affecting average selling prices for auction vehicles and the additional risks identified under the caption "Risk Factors" in our annual on Form 10-K for the years ended July 31, 2019, and each of our subsequent quarterly reports on our Form 10-Q, any forward-looking statement as of today, and Copart has no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  With that, CEO, Jay Adair.
Jeffrey Liaw: Very good question, Bob. In short, I think you're right that those big societal questions, I think, will remain to be resolved over the months, quarters and years ahead. On land investments, the lead times for acquiring and developing land are quite long. Our expectation is that we will use that land to accommodate our customers' growth and our own for a multiple-year horizon. So it's not a 1-month, 18-month, even a 3-year decision. We acquire land because it makes sense over a 5- to 20-year horizon.  We continue our activity. I think your intuition is fair in that in some respects, our ability to do so has been perhaps limited in some cases where economic activity or regulatory approvals have stalled because of the virus impact. In other cases, though, the crisis may unlock opportunities for us to move forward because land is now available at more reasonable values where local jurisdictions are still more excited about having the jobs that a new Copart facility brings with it. So I think in short, we have not meaningfully disrupted or changed our strategic approach to land acquisitions, and we wouldn't do so based on anything that happens over a 6- to 10-week horizon. As we noted in the opening remarks, if the facts unfold differently going forward, we'll, of course, revisit. But for now, no change in our course.
Jeffrey Liaw: Yes. And good question, Bob. I think we talked about that a couple of quarters ago, and I misunderstood your question last quarter. But in short, we believe that providing more data to our insurance carrier partners and earlier in their own loss claims process will help them make more informed decisions and, in many cases, will empower them to total cars more quickly, which saves them the processing burden, storage costs and repair shops, uncertainty regarding the loss claims resolution with our own policyholders. So for us, it is amassing the data that comes from having sold tens of millions of vehicles over the years and being able to value them efficiently and quickly based on limited data sets available to us at that moment in time and sharing that data in ways that empower those carriers to make the decisions more quickly. That's what we meant a couple of quarters ago, and that work certainly continues to pace.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think in broad strokes, we continue to move forward there as well. So we've invested and continue to invest in land and in people and technologies. Our dialogues with the insurance carriers continue to be very productive. I think we noted on the last call that we had begun selling consignment vehicles on behalf of insurance carriers there. This kind of disruption, I think, cuts -- the coronavirus cuts both ways. On the one hand, it's difficult nowadays to meet face-to-face, either among ourselves or with our customers or prospective customers. On the other hand, radical shifts like this also tend to open the mind to considering alternatives where the status quo is no longer the glide path that it once was. So I think it hasn't changed. Either way, I think our conviction that our long-term prosperity in Germany is there for us to pursue.
Jeffrey Liaw: Yes. I think that observation's fair, and your question is difficult to answer. Your directional observation is fair. And the reason the question is difficult to answer is, you start to cut the data very, very finely, right? Where -- when do you consider the coronavirus start date to have happened in Oklahoma versus Louisiana versus So Paulo versus Toronto, right? So I think the directional impact is very hard to assess. And that's why we didn't get into very elaborate, pre- and post-metrics. It didn't -- it just wasn't worthwhile or clean enough to do so pre- and post. But yes, you're correct that given the leads and lags in our business, several weeks from when the accident happens to when the car's assigned to us and then a number of weeks again before we had the title processed and the car available for auction, that there is a lagging effect on our volume, yes.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think, Craig, I think we tend not to comment, as you know, on the current quarter. As I noted a few moments ago, we have seen assignment volumes, ASPs and so forth have certainly rebounded very meaningfully from the troughs. The year-over-year comparisons, we'll leave will be for when we talk about the quarter.
Jeffrey Liaw: It's a fair question. I think there, yes, are secular forces that we talk about every quarter. In some cases, also, there have been interruptions outside the U.S. in DMV processing of titles. So you noted that the international unit sales were also down more than they were in the U.S. In some cases, that's because of inventory that's been hung outside U.S. as well.
Jeffrey Liaw: No. Not inventory, Bret. Trough assignments maybe, right? We are several weeks out from trough driving activity, but inventory itself is the accumulation of many weeks, months and, in some cases, years-old stuff. So that's a bigger layer cake, so to speak, that includes driving activity absent volume for loss frequency from a much longer period of time.
Jeffrey Liaw: Both. There's meaningfully increased unique bidders and bids, both domestically and internationally.
Jeffrey Liaw: I don't have a precise number to provide, Bret. I think it's -- I think in short, the moving of vehicles on logistics, in part, it was in fear, frankly, of us having vehicle stranded. So we wanted to make sure that our most congested yards would be able to continue to serve our customers. And so we move some cars at our expense within our own network. So I think that's what Jay was alluding to. But no, don't have a precise number to provide.
Jeffrey Liaw: Thanks, Stephanie. A healthy mix of both is the answer. So a fair bit within perhaps our long-standing traditional markets in the U.S., Canada and the U.K., but also investments in Brazil, in Germany and elsewhere, so all of the above. And it's in pursuit of -- in support of our long-term growth, right, we can't stop the ship to wait for crystal clear certainty on what happens with driving activity and so forth. I think we fundamentally believe that we'll continue to drive auction liquidity. But the 50-year trends on total loss frequency will not abate on society's demand for mobility in general. Mobility isn't just commuting to work. It's also necessary for leisure, for health care, for education and that those 100-year trends really will continue perhaps with a meaningful interruption as it stands today. So believing those underlying principles, I think, leads us to want to invest to support our own growth and that of our customers. So I think it'd be irresponsible for us to arrest that process mid-course.
Jeffrey Liaw: In short, yes, with a fair bit of variability and a fair bit of uncertainty, right? So we track those metrics very carefully, but we also -- we'd be at risk of pretty meaningfully oversteering the business if we responded to daily traffic reports in the U.K. from Friday, right? That's not a good way to operate a business or make strategic decisions either. So we track those metrics. We have seen recovery in some cases. Certainly, some countries were later to shut down, and therefore, it will be later to reopen somewhere earlier and therefore, earlier, seeing the full gamut of activity, as you just described. Some folks are recovering more quickly and others more slowly.
Jeffrey Liaw: A fair question. I think if the question is over the next 2 to 3 quarters, harder for me to answer. I think, over the long haul, I think we remain quite bullish about our ability to serve that market. The volumes in the near term, of course, impaired by reduced activity. Sure, folks are taking fewer trade-ins. They're trafficking less in vehicles, period. So there are fewer that makes sense to route -- to consign in Copart. Over the long haul, though, our auction liquidity, our international buyer base, the buying and selling of new and used cars, I think, will continue to capture a growing portion of that ecosystem. So our outlook, long term, certainly has not changed. As I noted a moment ago, I do think we have somewhat meaningfully outperformed other such auto auction platforms during the period, in part because we were never dependent on folks coming and having lunch at the auction facility and bidding live on cars. We have been natively digital for a long time, and I think it showed in the quarter.
Jeffrey Liaw: That's a fair and difficult question and one I've wrestled with now for 5 years. And you're correct, directionally speaking, that with softer used car prices, cars will total more easily, and we would see a unit volume improvement. With lower used car prices, however, all else equal, the selling prices for our cars would be reduced as well. And we would, therefore, all else equal, make less per car than we otherwise would. How those nets, I think we've struggled over the years to know what we, "root for." I think as a CFO and as a financially oriented person, I know that we have hundreds of thousands of cars in inventory already, and I want to achieve the best possible selling price for those cars. So it's probably intuitively hard to read for declining asset values when you already have many of them. But that said, the unit volume effect would be real. If you saw a substantial decline in used car prices, our unit volumes would increase very meaningfully. And even over the past, say, 4 or 5 years, Dan, used car prices have remained robust and very robust relative to where industry analysts have forecasted that they would be 5 years ago. That has, no doubt, suppressed unit volume that otherwise would have come to Copart, which has been masked by other forces, total loss frequency, market share gains, let in by other forces that have made that somewhat invisible. But there's no doubt that robust prices have suppressed unit demand for our services.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think tough to talk about customers in monolithic entities. Some of them certainly have an appetite for us to do more and to vertically integrate still more into what they do day to day, and we certainly have expanded our service offerings over the past year, 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, and we do more and more for our insurance carrier partners. So yes, there are additional services that we offer and more services that we'll offer over time as well.
Jeffrey Liaw: A lot of different embedded questions in what you just posed. So I'll try to dissect them one by one. First, in terms of ADAS effect on frequency, I'd note a couple of things. One is that I think the working hypothesis is that it will eventually reduce accident frequency, and I think that's a reasonable hypothesis because safety technologies, for the past 50 years, have generally reduced accident frequency. That's been true for as long as Copart's been around with one short-term blip, I would say, between 2011 and '16 when accident frequency actually went up year-over-year. That was a function of the iPhone proliferating across society. So generally speaking, accident frequency does decline. ADAS, on the other hand, we think, will drive increases in total loss frequency, and those forces will offset one another. Over the course of history, total loss frequency has generally increased much more than accident frequency has decreased. ADAS, I think there's a very logical thread to walk from ADAS proliferation to total loss frequency because what makes cars safer tend to be the sensors on the perimeter of cars that are easily damaged, difficult and expensive to calibrate and will drive still more cars to be totaled. Specifically, on your question of our diversification into other segments, I wouldn't characterize it that way. It's not a risk mitigation measure so much as it is the byproduct of auction liquidity. As we have cultivated an international and domestic member base that increasingly is purchasing vehicles that have lighter and lighter damage, it begins to more heavily overlap the whole car universe as well, and therefore, the cars that dealers receive on trade-ins become more and more attractive at Copart. We immediately expose that car to buyers in Nigeria, in Honduras, in Poland, Lithuania, in Oklahoma, in Maine, and it is that liquidity which has enabled us to grow within the dealer segment. So it's not per se a desire to mitigate risk. It's a desire to grow the business, and ultimately, that incremental dealer car also then helps our insurance companies as well. Auction liquidity begets more liquidity and begets better option returns.
Jeffrey Liaw: Sure. Fair question. That was more just a risk mitigation measure we took at a moment when the global economy and the financial system, there was enough uncertainty, and a low enough cost that it made sense for us to draw on the revolver. Know that we had the cash available to us should we have needed it. We still do, of course. Our revolving credit facility remains quite intact with first-tier banks funding. So we have conviction now that it is there when we need it, and that was all there was to it.
Jeffrey Liaw: If you back out the -- as said the charities and wholesalers, we would have been positive, slightly positive, just north of 1% for the quarter.
Jeffrey Liaw: The reason I paused, Gary, any given quarter, we sell cars that we were assigned that same quarter. So in the third quarter of 2020, we sold cars that we picked up in February, March and April. We also saw cars from the last -- a quarter before and the quarter before and the quarter before and 5 years before, literally, that layer cake that I described a few moments ago. So in terms of -- no quarter -- every quarter has some memory going forward. But I think it's several quarters really before you've got the meaningful burden because it's based on average several months for us to sell a car.
Jeffrey Liaw: Yes. A handful of questions, what you described there, too. In terms of the fixed and variable mix, that question always boils down to what your time horizon is, and over the long haul, all costs are variable. In the near term, the majority of costs are for semi-fixed, with the exception, for example, of selling costs. Selling costs tend to -- we incur them when we tow a vehicle and we don't when we don't. So I think in the near term, and as you heard us describe a few minutes ago, if we conclude that this is a structural shift, then we would consider meaningful changes. But otherwise, we will operate the business as is with the intent to serve our customers well through storm season and for the next 3, 5, 10 years as well.
Jeffrey Liaw: It could be. I think that remains to be seen. I think there is -- that's what you -- the forces you just described a moment ago. Also if the economies recover, if folks had themselves -- chosen to sit it out a week or 2, they suddenly find themselves short in inventory or parts or cars rebuild or what have you, right? So there may be something of a catch-up effect, so to speak. But I think the long, long-term trends before this quarter, our ASPs had been up 13 consecutive quarters, and they won't go up every quarter for the rest of our lives, of course, but that general tailwind of auction liquidity, higher total loss frequency, better, younger cars, less damaged cars, those forces aren't going away anytime soon. Now what that means over a two week, four week, even a three quarter horizon, we don't concern ourselves with too much. What we focus on, of course, is how to drive those returns up on a multiyear basis.
Jeffrey Liaw: No. I appreciate the question, Stephanie. And again, tough to generalize about our customers who are -- have many different ways of approaching the business. But in general, we focus all of our efforts on serving them well and generating the best possible auction returns and providing the best possible service in ordinary times and in crazy times like the ones we're in today. So over time, I think we have generally continued to earn and win the trust of our customers and have gained market share as a result. So I wouldn't say that I've heard that theme in general. I think the question is can we serve our customers well and can we persuade our prospective customers that we can serve them well. How the chess match works between sole sourcing multiple providers and so forth, I haven't heard any particular trends in one direction or the other. So long as we deliver Copart level service and Copart level auction returns to our customers, we'll let the chips fall where they may. And I think history has proven that, that has been a productive approach.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think the second question is probably easier than the first. To your -- the second question, in part because we have invested so aggressively in capacity, we, by and large, can serve customers, can serve our dealer customers and our insurance customers wherever they want to do business with us. I think Jay talked about that at some length on our last earnings call as well. We have invested and we continue to invest so that we can always say yes when those opportunities present themselves.  So no, it's not that -- it's not the reduced driving activity and declines in insurance assignments would per se enable us to win more dealer business. It is that we drive excellent returns and service to them that allows us to do so, and the land is our problem. We'll figure that out in the background so that we can serve them flawlessly.
