John North: Good morning. Thanks for joining us today. During today's call, we'll discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which include adjustments to reverse the effects of certain discrete income tax items, foreign currency-related gains, certain income tax benefits, and payroll taxes related to accounting for stock option exercises. We provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures on our Investor Relations website and in our press release issued yesterday. We believe these non-GAAP measures together with our corresponding GAAP measures are relevant in analyzing our results and assessing our business trends and performance. In addition, our comments today include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws, including management's current views with respect to trends, opportunities, and uncertainties in our markets including the COVID-19 pandemic. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. For more detail on the risks associated with our business, we refer you to the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2020, and each of our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we have no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. So, with the disclosure out of the way, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Liaw, our President.
John North: Thank you, Jeff. As we mentioned, I'll make a few brief comments on our results to provide a little more color on the earlier remarks, and then we'll be happy to take a few questions this morning. Global revenue increased $184 million or 33%, including an $8 million benefit due to currency. Global service revenue increased $132 million or 27%, primarily due to higher ASPs. The U.S. service revenue grew 27%, and international experienced an increase of 23%. Purchased vehicle sales increased $51 million or 87% due to higher ASPs and increased volumes. U.S. purchased vehicle revenue was up 103% over the prior year, and international grew by 64%. As a result, purchased vehicle gross profit defined as vehicle sales less cost of vehicle sales, increased by almost $11 million overall. Global gross profit increased by $138 million or 57%, and our gross margin percentage improved by approximately 788 [ph] basis points to 52%. U.S. margins improved from 46% to 55%, and international margins increased from 32% to 37%. For both segments, margin improvement was driven primarily by higher ASPs. Moving to G&A expenditures, excluding stock compensation and G&A and depreciation expense, our spend increased $2.2 million from $37 million a year ago to $39 million in 2021. We anticipate G&A will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter but will continue to improve as a percentage of revenue over time as we grow. As a result, our GAAP operating income increased by 68% from $195 million to $328 million. We delivered 926 basis points of operating margin improvement due to revenue growth from strong ASPs and controlling costs. Net interest expense decreased $0.2 million or 4% year-over-year, primarily due to lapping last year's decision to draw on our revolver in the initial days of the pandemic to ensure adequate liquidity. Q3 income tax expense was $36.7 million, at a 11.4% effective tax rate, reflecting a $20 million tax benefit from the effect of certain discrete income tax items and a $5 million tax benefit from the exercise of employee stock options, both of which have been adjusted out for purposes of non-GAAP earnings, included in our earnings release. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate would have been 19%. In summary, GAAP net income increased 95% from $147 million last year to $267 million this year. Adjusted to remove the effects of currency and the tax benefits described above, non-GAAP net income increased $89.8 million from $138 million last year to $262 million in the third quarter of '21. For the first nine months of fiscal '21, GAAP net income increased 27% from $534 million last year to $681 million this year, and non-GAAP net income increased 44% from $447 million last year to $642 million this year. Now to briefly highlight our liquidity and cash flow. As of April 30, we had $2 billion of liquidity comprised of $912 million of cash and cash equivalents, and an undrawn revolving credit facility with a capacity of over $1 billion. This is an increase of $434 million over July 31, 2020. Operating cash flow for the quarter increased by $75 million year-over-year to $369 million, primarily driven by stronger earnings that were partially offset by working capital consumed by building consignment on inventory. We invested $81.2 million in capital expenditures for the quarter, approximately 95% of this amount was attributable to capacity expansion. This investment continues to ensure adequate capacity for additional business and creates a wider economic moat for potential market entrants given the difficulty in sourcing appropriately zoned facilities. In conclusion, our conservative capital structure and strong and durable cash flow enable us to continue to make decisions for the long-term interest of both our customers and our shareholders. And with that, that's the end of our prepared remarks. We're happy to take some questions.
John North: Hey, Ali, it’s John. I think obviously, the first priority is capacity investment, as you mentioned. As we've talked about and it has been the trend over the past number of years, all the way back to '16 with the 20/20/20 plan. That still remains a primary focus. There are obviously other markets in Western Europe, our expansion in Germany, Spain, and otherwise that are there as well. And then we've been opportunistic to return capital to shareholders at times in our past, and we think that makes sense. I think overall, we like the flexibility. We think that we've been able to take actions in the pandemic that wouldn't have otherwise been possible without [ph] the balance sheet that we had. And so, I think we view that as a structural advantage we want to maintain. And other than that, we're capitalists. So, we're certainly thinking about how to generate the highest return on capital overall, return on invested capital for our shareholders.
Jeff Liaw: Pete, thanks for the question. I'm not sure I entirely follow, but certainly the high -- if you're talking about the strong used car price environment, I think it has helped with conversion on the margin of consigned vehicles, customer dealers. But, by and large, I don't think there are any unusual effects other than what has already been reflected in price. Everything else in terms of bidding activity, of course, has been true for many years where we talk about having more domestic and international bidders and bids and bids per unit, that's been a recurring theme since before the pandemic.
Jeff Liaw: I'd say in the first instance, it’s similar but indexed more internationally because they tend to be higher-value cars than our insurance cars. Of course, the insurance mix will include some very low value cars that end up transacting almost locally, though economically the ones that matter of course are the higher end units. Those tend to go internationally as do the dealer cars as well. In terms of the share capture that you described, as with all of our customers, what matters to them are the results in the end and what are the delivered prices that we can achieve at auction. So, it's auction liquidity and prices that matter the most to dealers by far, and we continue to deliver for them, and thus earn the right to sell still more of their cars.
Jeff Liaw: I think we're today not commenting long term on where our products might go. Today, when a vehicle sells either before or after it is sold, it is brought to a Copart location.
Jeff Liaw: I would describe the buyers as very healthy in the aggregate. The international buyers are purchasing – are bidding and purchasing at plus or minus the same rates as they were pre-pandemic. Now, that's with everything having shifted very meaningfully with ASPs up 48%. They tend to buy higher value cars on average than our domestic buyers, and their activity has grown proportionately during the pandemic.
Jeff Liaw: Briefly, so we continue to invest in Germany in the form of land, technology, people, and infrastructure. We are as you know selling vehicles on a consignment basis for multiple insurance carriers as well as selling vehicles as a principle there as well, as I think we described in much, much greater detail, probably six, seven, eight earnings calls ago. But we continue to make good progress there. The key linchpin as you noted being to convert the markets to a Copart style auction and gross settlement away from the historical listings service/net settlement model. The results continue to bear out. This is an economically superior path for insurance carriers long term as well as a superior policyholder experience as well. So, nothing has particularly changed in our approach, and our results continue to warrant further investment in Germany and elsewhere in Western Europe.
Jeff Liaw: Great question, Stephanie. I think it has changed. I think there is certainly much more virtual work being done by all participants in the ecosystem, ourselves included, but certainly our insurance carriers among others of our sellers. They want more handled virtually, more by phone, more by text, more through our various applications that we provide to them, so that's certainly one of the demands that we have met. It has helped that we've been natively digital so to speak. We've been operating online-only auctions since 2003, so this is already a language that we spoke fluently. We've already been operating internationally, so we know what it means to operate this business remotely in many cases, and we're able to do so well and to accommodate our customers who in some cases had not been accustomed to such an approach. So, those are some of the specific pandemic-related requests we've gotten for certainly video services or virtual communication in lieu of in-person interaction.
Jeff Liaw: I think the latter half of your question, Craig, harder for us to opine on, since we don't have firsthand visibility into their own buyer network. But, I would say, this is largely the result of having what I think is a multiple decade advantage in pursuing the international markets. Being online, I think is essential to accessing that portion of the marketplace. We have been investing for years in physical and digital media, in physical infrastructure and physical presence in those markets. We respond to early signs of a market showing promise as buyers of Copart vehicles. We also will anticipate certain markets that make sense for Copart vehicles and plant seeds there. So, this is the product of multiple decades of investments in that regard, which we think ultimately manifests itself at auction in the form of returns, but comparatively difficult for us to know. We do believe it's a distinct advantage for us.
Jeff Liaw: I think, in short, Craig, we are still very much in investment mode. So, you may remember from, if I get my date straight, probably the May 2016 earnings call, when we launched the 20/20/20 initiative, which was to open 20 new yards and expand 20 yards inside of 20 months. As it turns out that was not nearly ambitious enough, we have far exceeded that and continue to expect to invest in land and infrastructure for at least the next few years. I think this is always a dynamic question. As you know, Craig, it takes a long time to permit and acquire land. We've taken the pandemic as an opportunity into opportunistically turn it up to buy land, perhaps or buy or permit land and perhaps would have previously been difficult to pursue. So, we view ourselves very much still in investment mode.
Jeff Liaw: I think our aperture is wider than that. It’s not per se customer-specific or even time-bound or narrowly so. I think we buy land when we are currently congested or foresee potential congestion and are serving the industry broadly, and that could include market share gain in certain markets, but it's about being a good steward of industry owning this land to make sure that we can control our own destiny and deliver that service for our customers for the next 50 years, not the next three. So, in short, yes, those kinds of account-specific considerations certainly factor into our decisions, but overwhelmingly, it's more about just having enough to serve the industry today and tomorrow.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, capacity utilization, a challenging subject to address directly in part, because our land is not fungible as you know. So, having excess capacity in city one or in Salt Lake City, for example did not benefit you at all in Minneapolis or in Miami. And so, it ends up being a microeconomic decision, not a macroeconomic one. So, we don't actually track measure or reports per se on capacity utilization on U.S. wider, certainly globally speaking. We look so within metropolitan areas. And so, capacity utilization, then we target our CapEx based on where capacity utilization is either high today, or it could be high -- or it could be high in a catastrophic event. We will factor all of that into those microeconomic decisions, but it isn't, by and large, an overall global. We are 2% higher than we were a year ago. That's not a metric that guides our business.
Jeff Liaw: Our auction platform regardless of the source of the vehicle has the same fee structure, so to speak. So, as a buyer at one of our auctions, you would be indifferent as to the source of the vehicle. In terms of the selling price, we haven't provided that specific disclosure, but it is higher, meaningfully higher than our average insurance car, though they over time I think is the rising insurance values as well. It is decreasing total loss frequency. It is the safety technology that makes the typical Copart salvage car look a whole lot more like a drivable car than a wrecked vehicle that will be parted or dismantled or melted down for metal. It's that big shift over time, I think is expanding the relevant dealer universe to us as well. So, there is some overlap, [indiscernible], we view them as both curves. The curve for the dealer car certainly has its midpoint higher than the curve for insurance vehicles, but with heavy and increasing overlap as well.
Jeff Liaw: Okay, fair question. We didn't disclose specifically the percentage increase, so to speak, but did note that we're increasing domestic buyers' bids and bids per unit both domestically and internationally for the quarter. So, I think we -- and that has been true for many quarters. You can go back and check the transcripts, and I think we've said that virtually every time we've been on the phone. In terms of the mix of countries that is -- both are true. There are some microeconomic [ph] considerations here, some countries will have a stronger currency one quarter than others or one year than others. And so, you'll see some shift over time. You'll see local economic variables also fluctuate, obviously all dwarfed by the pandemic, so that's the ultimate confounding variable. But in general, we'll see countries ebb and flow. I think that's the benefit of having a true global platform that's online, is that we smooth all of that activity in effect by accessing the world's economies period [ph].
Jeff Liaw: I think, the specific answer to the question is for an individual buyer, certainly there is some truth to that, that they have to make a margin for whatever their ultimate activity is to rebuild the car, restore the car, and sell it again into a used car price environment. So, certainly for a given buyer, they would tap at it at some point. I think the reason, however, that our international demand has grown so much is that it's not a static buyer. The number of countries and the population share of that country, which has access to an automobile and will want access to an automobile is what drives international demand over time. So, it's that there are more countries with more of a desire for US, UK, Canadian, Middle East used cars, that's what drives the growth over time, not a specific buyer per se, but there are more countries -- as countries grow wealthier. But as you well know, the U.S. and Western Europe have the richest economies, and certainly China and Japan and Asian countries as well. But, in most cases, the wealthiest countries per capita have the most cars per capita, also have the slowest GDP growth rates as well. So, the faster growing economies with an appetite for vehicles that you and I and everyone on this call takes for granted very much wants access to a vehicle for education, for employment, for healthcare, leisure, all the reasons we cited a moment ago. And that trend, I think, is a 50-year trend that will not evade.
Jeff Liaw: I think, it's probably not -- I think sharing that level of detail I think will may be sharing more noise than signal, but in general, the rest of that segment includes charities cars, wholesalers, rental car fleets, banks, and the like. So, as you know, non-insurance is a bit of a catch all for us. We certainly think of them individually as separate businesses or separate customer sets to serve. And collectively, as you know, they grew more than that 26%, but I think more detail on that would be more confusing than helpful.
Jeff Liaw: Ali, I think what I'd point you to is before the pandemic even, I think it would have been three straight years, maybe more than that every quarter year-over-year increases in ASPs. I think the total loss frequency dynamic is the most important driver of our business long term, and it naturally drives ASPs upward. As insurance carriers find it more economically rational, more economically favorable to total more cars over time, those marginal cars are better and better vehicles, less damaged. They are ones with cameras and sensors taken out, not drivetrains. And those have a very wide ranging set of buyers who want those vehicles. So, I think there's a lot to our ASP growth over the years, which is secular. There certainly are cyclical factors. Five years ago, we used to talk about scrap metal prices, which are obviously less relevant today. Today, we're talking about used car prices, clearly relevant to us, but I think there are secular portions of this ASP growth, which will prove more durable. How exactly? I think is -- what is exactly attributable to either, I think is obviously a difficult intellectual exercise to isolate those variables.
Jeff Liaw: I'd say overall, we have seen total loss frequency increase during the pandemic, and as we anniversary the pandemic, we haven't seen a dramatic shift either. It is more a continuation of the many decade long trend, and I think you're well aware of it Ali, as well. If we were in 1980, a total loss frequency of 4%, today north of 20%, total loss frequency over 40 years has grown fivefold. I'd say over the course of the past year, we've seen a continuation of that trend, not a dramatic shift. The reason for that is that, of course, the used car price environment has been strong as well. And as you know, the higher the value of the intact car before the accident, the more prone the carriers are to repair it. So, we have had the offsetting effect of very strong salvage returns, which would otherwise all else equal drive more volume to total loss. We also had increase in used car values themselves, which all else equal would drive more cars to repair. The net effect of that, I think is a gradual continuation of the favorable trend we've seen for 40 years.
Jeff Liaw: I think to varying degrees, some carriers will evaluate that economic proposition on every car. Others, meaning they will literally access our machine learning-enabled pricing tool, we call ProQuote, which estimates the value that an insurance carrier can achieve at auction. And some carriers will run a ProQuote for every perspective, total loss or literally every claim to see if it makes economic sense to total the car. Others will rely more on rules of thumb that the repair cost exceeds ex-percent of the intact value of the car and use those guideposts to make total loss decisions. Over time, more and more are accessing that specific economic decision, which I think leads to a better economic outcome for them.
Jeff Liaw: In a word, I think those are kind of the variables that are very hard to isolate Chris, in a very dynamic environment, right, in which there are a number of variables changing at the same time. For us, the technology including the one you described like 360, among other such technologies is important for us in terms of the service that we provide sellers. They have use cases for images like that. And so, we track that certainly very carefully to make sure we're providing them the best possible service. I don't think we're in a good position to talk about differential auction returns. I don't think there is a fundamental -- there's not a fundamental shift attributable to 360 images particularly.
Jeff Liaw: I think in a word, yes, but I'm not sure. I'm not sure it's unique to the moment. By that I mean the dealers have grown as a share of our activity on both the sell side and buy side and defined more broadly to include not just U.S. and Canadian dealers, but dealers all around the world, right a dealer who buys a car and sells it as is or a dealer who buys it will recondition to some extent and then sell as is, that has been very much part of the flywheel effect over the past 10 years, 20 years plus.
Jeff Liaw: Certainly, I appreciate the question and appreciate the thoughts. I think history would show that the shareholder-friendliest action we have taken is to buy the land and hold it forever, and we view that also as the customer friendliest approach as well, and that we own the land, we control it, we are the stewards of that facility, that capacity on behalf of the insurance industry for the next 50 years plus. So, that to me is overwhelmingly the default approach that we would take. As to your question, your IR question more narrowly about how to ensure that that value is reflected in our stock price. I think, to some extent that's academic for us. We own it, we use it, we have virtually never repurposed land that have been permitted for Copart use in part because it's so hard to achieve that. We don't repurpose it for other uses. We are there today and tomorrow to serve the insurance carriers and to serve our expanding non-insurance sellers as well. So, unfortunately, I think the intention, I know your question is good, but the outcome is effectively [ph] academic for us. That land is there to serve our customers.
Jeff Liaw: We certainly evaluate and consider strategic extensions of the sort that you described a moment ago. So, I think we recognize that the world is evolving in terms of how vehicles transact. As we noted earlier on the call, we were the first to move rather dramatically in 2003, I think it was less conventionally obvious at the time to move to a pure digital auction platform. We did that 18 years ago. So as for additional shifts from here, we certainly evaluate, experiment, et cetera as to how we can achieve still greater share of the market over time. I would note that it is against the backdrop of companies of the sort you described who are running digital-only options, who are performing services on site of the dealer and so forth. It is against that backdrop that we continue to grow that dealer business at healthy double-digit rates for years now. So, I think that speaks to the power of auction liquidity as well. So, the one thing that -- with money, you can replicate an app and inspectors and so forth. With money, I'm not sure you can replicate auction liquidity and many thousands of bidders and buyers attending online auctions globally, but we will help you achieve the absolute highest and best use and value for your car whether it's here or Estonia or Honduras or Poland or wherever it might be. I think many of the other platforms out there cannot achieve the same.
Jeff Liaw: I think that's a long-term possibility, though I think that furniture is low on that priority list, but we have extended our auction technology and approach to other arenas. As you know, we acquired National Powersport Auctions, which is not per se in the salvage business, but sells motorcycles, watercraft, and other powersports equipment on behalf of financial institutions as well as dealers, and that we continue to expand that business as well. So, we do believe that our auction technology, our logistics management, our understanding of the regulatory environment, et cetera could well be applicable to other markets. We would experiment cautiously and thoughtfully because our core business is obviously critical to us in serving our existing customers, our existing markets as well as priority number one. But we would consider other such extensions as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, in a word, yes. So, the cars have become younger so to speak, over time, in accordance with our insurance volume as well. So, the insurance industry used to total quote, old cars, badly damaged cars, and increasingly we're seeing lighter damaged and newer vehicles because of the severity and repair costs and sensors [indiscernible] that business which are well. As that market has shifted in that direction and therefore brought buyers to bear, so too then do more of the dealer cars become addressable as well. If you went back 20-years ago, I imagine a good portion of the dealer cars would have been actual wrecked cars that were for which the policyholder only had liability coverage, perhaps didn't have collision, didn't want to fund the money to repair the car himself or herself, ended up at a dealer, sold for cash and traded in for another car. Those might have been a meaningful portion of the cars that we were selling. Nowadays, however, I think it is now more like drivable whole cars, certainly newer than they were a decade ago.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. In short, the electric vehicles outperformed the average combustion engine vehicle at auction. The returns are meaningfully higher. I think the root cause of that, I think may well be that electric vehicles tend to be cars with a lot of sensors, a lot of technology on the perimeter, more exotic materials in the car to lower the weight and so forth. So, in many cases, they total more easily. But the returns we generated at auction are some of the highest that we achieved for any kinds of vehicles we sell. So, I think the total loss proposition is promising there. I think repairs are difficult, so severity tends to be high. Our repair infrastructure, the handful of public companies, as you know as well as the extensive mom and pop network around the U.S., the insurance carriers rely on U.S., UK, Canada, everywhere that insurance carriers rely on, in most cases are well equipped to manage repairs of combustion engine vehicles. Not yet so for electric cars, so if anything, I think that's a tailwind in our favor, and the severity will prove to be more extreme still for electric cars.
Jeff Liaw: Sure, I think it's – the floorplan for financing certainly, broadly available, by and large for a given credit qualified dealer or buyer for a car. So, that's a space that we would consider, but carefully. So, it's obviously different in many respects from what we do day to day. And so, the banking business, not something that has to date been a priority for us to enter, but the kind of thing that's along with auctioning other models and so forth, it’s in our strategic window but has not been a priority.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Thanks, everyone for joining our call. We look forward to talking to you after the fourth quarter as well. Thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
