Jeff Liaw: Got it. Bob, I think in short, the optimizing the efficiency of our business is a forever initiative regardless. So it's not per se in response to rising fuel prices or labor costs, et cetera. It's that phenomenon inflation, broadly speaking, has always been true. And where we precisely see it in the business at any moment in time can vary sometimes it's fuel, sometimes it's health care, sometimes it's commodities otherwise. But the efficiency initiatives we pursue are self-evident in some regards, but we endeavor to automate much of what we do, including the dispatching of our drivers to retrieve vehicles to optimize the routes to minimize waste in the retrieval of vehicles. For example, we endeavor to automate our interactions with our members and our sellers in ways that make it easier for them and for us to run the business day to day. So the real answer to your question is it's not specifically in response to those catalysts, but those productivity initiatives have been true forever and we are attacking them with the same deal as we always have.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. That's a fair question, Bob, and I think an astute observation that in general, the early days of the pandemic were such that many companies, insurance companies included, wanted to avoid in-person engagement for themselves and their customers for obvious reasons to avoid the transmission of COVID-19 itself. And then since then, of course, they have faced some of the same hiring and retention challenges that the economy more broadly has as well. And as a result, they are asking us to do more, and we are offering to do more. In some -- to give you specific examples, we have many fewer insurance company employees who are day-to-day visiting our yards to do their work and we've instead virtualized much of that workflow for them, doing it on their behalf and conveying that information digitally so that they can process those vehicles without coming to see us first hand. There are also other further downstream processes involving title and otherwise that we now do on their behalf that perhaps they previously had retained a larger department to do on their own. So I think that's a long-term trend anyway really before the pandemic but certainly accelerated by the pandemic and likely will persist. So we are happy to perform those services on behalf of our insurance companies. We think we can ultimately do so more efficiently and do it well for them on terms that make economic sense for them and for us.
Jeff Liaw: Fair question, Craig. And one we've wrestled with forever, even outside the parameters of what is currently a once in a lifetime [indiscernible] inversion, where we've never seen this before. But even 5 years ago, when we were facing the same questions, do we, in general, favor high used car prices or low used car prices, we've always been ambivalent about it. The lower used car prices will no doubt lead to more assignments to us and will probably be to lower realized ASPs, all else equal as well. So the unit economics will be modestly worse, but we'll certainly see greater unit volume as well. So we -- I think to be transparent, Craig, don't know precisely, right? The matter of degrees. And so if the volume increases significantly and the price moderates modestly, there's no doubt that's beneficial to us. Could there be other such scenarios, I think, yes, the 40-year trend says that the economics will work themselves out quite well in the end. But as for what happens for what happens in a given month or quarter or perhaps even fiscal year, harder to be precise about that.
Jeff Liaw: I'll separate those two questions for a minute, Craig. First, on the notion of insurance company practices in Europe. I wouldn't -- besides the same themes I mentioned a moment ago about insurance companies as a general matter asking us to do more and our offering to do more in the claims process relative to what we used to do. Besides that, I wouldn't note any radical changes in the way they have managed their businesses over the course of the past couple of years or since the beginning of the war I think is the specific catalyst you're asking about. And then -- and to your second question then about currency fluctuations, I think you know this already. We are short the dollar in our business. We favor a weaker dollar, which leads to better auction returns on the margin for us given our robust global buyer network. At any given moment in time, I think we see currency fluctuations across countries such that some are more in the money or some are more out of the money relative to where they were a year ago. So in the aggregate, I think we -- our auctions are performing just fine. As for how we approach in our game planning for Europe, we aren't going to be affected by what happens in the next month or 2, right? That's not the horizon with which we're making our business decisions anyway there, here or anywhere. So what we specifically see on natural gas shortages or what have you, we certainly observe them, we take stock, we understand how to communicate with our customers given that backdrop, but it doesn't change our strategic approach.
Jeff Liaw: I think the pressure is Gavin talked about them to some -- in his prepared remarks. But we're observing the same inflationary forces that the folks are across industries. So whether it is fuel costs, labor costs, both in-house and third party. Those are the same forces, I think, that every business literally worldwide is observing today. So nothing particularly unique in that regard. As for the economics of the business, gross margin, as you know, is a function of both of the cost as well as the revenue. On the revenue side, we continue to benefit, of course, from a robust used car environment, robust selling prices, our auction liquidity is stronger than it ever has been. And so the realized returns we achieved at auction are certainly the offsetting consideration there as well.
Jeff Liaw: The priority certainly is always to invest in, and this is what any good steward of capital would, I think, is the framework they would approach the question with, which is how do we maximize those returns over 30-, 40-, 50-year horizons. And if that is your framework, we would always elect to invest productively in the business long-term. There is power in the network. There's power in physical capacity. There's power, as you heard me say, in owning it and controlling it in perpetuity. We generate cash, of course, net of those investments as well. As you know, from our history, we buy shares back. We do so aggressively in real volume. We also do so episodically as opposed to via a predictable routine buyback program. So at some point, we don't announce in advance. But at some point, we, of course, will buy shares back that ultimately is the use of residual capital.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. I think directionally, Chris, meaningfully lower, but that's not per se a function of macroeconomic conditions. So global financial crisis, if we're talking 2008 -- 2007 Horizon, pre [GFC], that is a full 15 years ago, total loss frequency meaningfully lower than it is now. And so the reason we have so many more drivable cars today is that it is economically attractive to total those cars in a way that it wasn't 15 years ago. Our buyer base, our international auctions, our online technology is such that we can generate returns that justify totaling those cars instead of repairing them. So it's not a function per se of economic growth or recessions or interest rates or what have you, it's that the fastest-growing economies worldwide as a general rule have the lowest vehicle penetration and the greatest incremental vehicle demand. So as we tap into that trend, certainly has increased the number of drivable vehicles we sell has over the past 15 years and almost certainly will over the next 15 years as well.
Jeff Liaw: Fantastic questions and complicated ones. First, and difficult to isolate specifically because there are, as you know, sparing the few cars for which we have a controlled experiment of an electrical -- electric version and an internal combustion engine version like-for-like. And so comparing the two when it comes to total loss frequency, repair costs and auction returns is difficult. What I would tell you, so far, however, is that electric vehicles, perhaps by virtue of being newer, having more safety technologies, more perimeter sensors, almost always in the form of cameras in the front to enable autonomous braking and the like or even autonomous driving like features. Those cars total more easily, the repair costs are high. In many cases, the automotive repair networks around the world are not yet equipped to handle those cars either to calibrate the sensors, to repair the cars, to source the replacement parts, especially in this environment. If anything, those cars total more easily than conventional vehicles would. As for auction returns, though, as you noted, it's early and therefore, the addressable population remains small on balance, the returns on electric vehicles are meaningfully higher than for internal combustion engine equivalents, though, again, with the caveat that the expression equivalent is a very rough one because the perfect apples-to-apples comparison is not always readily available.
Jeff Liaw: Ryan, good to hear from you. And fair questions, probably along the same lines as a few callers ago. On the question of incremental volume versus incremental ASP and how they interact, my answer then is that we are somewhat ambivalent between the two. High used car price environment like the one we're in now means that our unit economics are excellent, but it also means that our volume is compromised relative to where it otherwise would be. As for then how we would feel about movements of x percent versus y percent in each is a question about elasticity and forecasting that in advance is hard to say. We actually don't know precisely which is "better" for the bottom line. Long-term, I think the volume growth will no doubt be positive and meaningful as it has been for the past 40 years. So total loss frequency will be the tailwind behind the business. But as for the near-term, P&L effects of a slight drop in ASPs and a bump in volume precisely how that unfolds, we don't know.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. As for investing in land, I think you've heard me say this on prior calls, too, that becomes a very specific macroeconomic exercise in which we evaluate metro by metro and even metro areas of the northwest portion of metro x, we analyze our capacity and our expected capacity given growth in total loss frequency given, of course, as you noted, market share aspirations, given growth in our noninsurance business, what storage needs, we anticipate in a given market. So it's not an aggregate corporate decision. We don't wake up in a quarter and say, let's go spend $150 million this quarter. Instead, it's a macroeconomic question that we face market by market. In the aggregate, given that total loss frequency expectation, given our volume growth aspirations, we do expect to continue to invest in that capacity for years to come. So it has been, as you know, turbocharged say, since 2016 or so relative to historical periods before that, but we continue to believe that controlling our own destiny, investing in physical infrastructure is a key enabler in our business, and we'll continue to do that.
Jeff Liaw: Difficult for us to comment on market share. In the same way that talking about market share in the aggregate is a little bit like answering how much do we want to invest in land in the next quarter. But every customer to us, whether we have all of their business, some of it or none of it is really important to us, and we spend a hell of a lot of our energy serving them and persuading them to do business with us, to do more business with us, to shift the business to us, et cetera. So that is, again, a microeconomic question, not a macroeconomic one. I'd also note that, as you probably remember, 1/4 of our cars today come from noninsurance sources, and we continue to believe that we can grow in that arena as well. So we don't do market share calculations along the lines of what you described. And if we did, we would look at the automotive industry more broadly and look at it worldwide, in which case our market share, of course, is quite a bit less than the range as you were citing and our addressable market quite a bit bigger.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. And for folks who are new to us, we elaborated a few -- I think it was end of fiscal '19 or '20 on our earnings call in much greater detail, about our approach to the German market. Most of those themes remain true, which is to say that the business model to date that has been deployed by insurance companies in Germany is very different from how we operate in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Brazil, the Middle East, Finland, for that matter, other major markets in which we participate today. The model that we offer is a liquid auction as opposed to a listing service model that exists there today. And we're working with the insurance carriers to effectively convert the market to a different way of doing business. So it's not per se head-to-head competition against the Copart like market participants, but instead a changing of the market altogether. Today, we are selling cars on an agency basis on behalf of 7 of the top 10 insurance carriers in Germany. We do not yet have a national account across the entirety of Germany, but we're working closely with insurance carriers. I think our returns to date have demonstrated the superiority of our approach. We're investing in the land and people, technology and infrastructure to enable us to provide that service in mass to Germany and continue our progress there. Germany, I think you mentioned, Western Europe, and I think appropriately so, is the biggest and arguably most promising market in Western Europe, but we expect to or aspire to extend our footprint beyond Germany as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. So I'll start with the first question on the dealer business. They are an important constituent for Copart today and have been for years. So we -- our Copart dealer Services business in the U.S. and elsewhere continues to pursue that business. It won't surprise you that the dealers are short on cars as well these days new and used, but we have nonetheless -- nonetheless, continue to grow our business among the dealer sellers at Copart broadly speaking. Your second question about the ASP effect. I think there is some "favorable" mix shift, of course, in combination with what is a robust ASP market overall. So I couldn't isolate for you the two effect spread but both are favorable.
Jeff Liaw: I think the transparency, all these, we don't know precisely. Total loss frequency itself, as you probably appreciate, is a lagging indicator because the accidents happen. It takes x weeks for the cars claim to be resolved via a written estimate being provided to the insurance carrier in some cases, discussions or negotiations with the policyholder and owner of the car; in some cases, subrogation from one insurance carrier to another. So by the time the car is totaled, you are weeks after the accident itself occurred and the economic decisions are themselves made on a huge basket of inputs, including what the cars worth intact for the ACV to use a U.S. expression or PAV, pre-accident value to use a worldwide expression instead. The repair estimates, as you note, are increasing in price, rental car costs remain elevated as well. And so that basket of inputs is plugged into a formulaic position plus policyholder considerations and whether the insurance carrier perceives that is a desirable outcome from the policyholders perspective or not. So that's all to say that is complex enough that you couldn't look at any single variable if you had theoretical access to every data point inside of Copart. It's not clear what individual metric you look for to see a "turn" in total loss frequency. We're confident that will happen as for the horizon and when exactly it reaches then 19%, again, 20% again or 24% someday. It's harder for us to forecast.
Jeff Liaw: I think that's a reasonable observation that the fuel is a part of it, diesel is a part of it. Gasoline prices have softened very meaningfully from the peaks near the beginning of the war. Diesel has moderated less than conventional gasoline but also has moderated as well. So that will ultimately be realized in the form of our towing costs.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining our fourth quarter call, and we'll talk to you after the first quarter. Thank you.
