Jay Adair: Thank you, Katy. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Q4 and year-end call for Copart. I'm going to turn it over to Jeff Liaw, who will give you an update on finance and then Will Franklin, who will give you an update on the operations in the business, and then we will open it up for questions. With that, it's my pleasure to turn it over to Jeff Liaw, CFO.
Jay Adair: We've changed some of our approach and strategy in the German market, and we're going to give you an update on that in the next quarter. So where we've got two locations today, we're going to be opening a significant number of locations in this quarter. I don’t like to talk about what we're going to do. I would like to talk about what we've done. So in the next Q, we'll be reporting on how many new locations we've opened, and we're clearly looking at the market as we’ve got to have the logistics and facilities in place to service the insurance industry. With that said, we are handling some insurance volume in that market, but primarily the majority of the volume that we're handling right now is noninsurance, and that allows us to build their salvage vehicles. They’re just not procured directly from the insurance. They’re procured directly from owners of vehicles. These are owner retentions where the insurance company has had the insured retain the vehicle and we’ve reached out to the insurers and acquired the vehicle from them to flip it through auction. And in that environment, what we're doing is, we’re creating a marketplace where today we’re the largest auction house in the country that you can come. I’ll give you a great example, today we had 150 cars on auction in Hanover. All those vehicles, if you bid, you own them. And that is the only auction environment I know of in Germany where you have 100% chance to getting the car if you bid on it. Everything else is, in the country, is contingent auction environment where you may not end up getting the vehicle, so we’re selling -- you can go online, I can tell you we’re selling over 400 cars a month right now, but you can go online, look at the auctions, I’d encourage everyone to do that. And then let's wait until next quarter when we report on a much bigger update on our strategy and our approach in that market. But I'll finish by saying it’s taking up a significant amount of my time now. I'm spending a fair amount of my own time on Germany, and we are very committed to the market and succeeding before the end of the calendar year in terms of large locations and large volume.
Jay Adair: Well, thanks Katy. Thank you everyone for attending the call. And we look forward to reporting on Q1 in November. Bye, bye.
Jeff Liaw: In short, yes. We do expect to achieve, as we have very consistently in history, our operating leverage on G&A. This quarter, as you know, we -- on the non-stock comp, non-G&A line item, the $13 million increase included $7 million itself just on the payroll taxes and the legacy sales tax liabilities. So those are true non-occurring, not in the baseline so to speak. Then there was about $3 million that we picked up from the acquisitions of our businesses in Finland and in NPA. And the balance is the actual growth in G&A for the quarter. So yes, we do expect to achieve leverage, so there will be some inflation as we add complexity in the business as we expand into Germany and the rest of Western Europe initiators of that sort. There can be modest increases, but still on balance, we will achieve better growth in operating income than we do in gross profit and revenue.
Jeff Liaw: And Bob, just to elaborate briefly on that point. So the sourcing car is from some policyholders directly, bars the function of the way the German insurance markets and its indemnification provisions have evolved over the years. However, then sales to Copart Germany that’s what lead me to the statement that we clearly are achieving better returns. So our conviction that the Copart’s model is the right one for the German insurance market long-term remains as true as ever, and the evolution Jay described is merely how we achieve that outcome.
Jeff Liaw: In the non-GAAP schedule, you have everything but the $10.5 million of depreciation and amortization that burdened gross profit for the quarter. Otherwise, in the non-GAAP reconciliation, you see on a post tax basis, the pretax numbers that I just walked through.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. So in short, I was commenting in total on the $10.5 million non-recurring depreciation charge that burdened yard expenses and shows up in gross profit. And the two drivers there are, one, assets newly placed in service with a substantial depreciation charge associated with that, as well as change in certain useful lives, and this is based on a change in management estimates. We have a number of facilities with different useful lives and we harmonize them, so to speak, and adjusted them accordingly. So that charge is not one you would see on an ongoing basis for the quarter.
Jeff Liaw: I think as you know in the past few years alone, we have significantly increased our own experience in acquiring land and developing it, including with our own in-house team in Bright Excavation. So I think our -- the information we have available to us, our understanding even of our land has improved significantly even over the past two years. So when reviewing historical fixed asset ledgers, we bring that heightened awareness to bear and that caused us to revise certain of those numbers accordingly.
Jeff Liaw: Craig, I think from the perspective of the overall P&L, I think the effect would not be that pronounced of what you just described. So there certainly will be moments when we invest when we have costs that are ahead of the contribution. There'll be moments when the opposite is true when we see the flow through the contribution in connection with costs that we've previously invested. I don't think that on balance you would see -- from your perspective, a meaningful drag on the P&L.
Jeff Liaw: CapEx in fiscal '19 will continue to be dominated by capacity expansions. So it will be land developments and acquisitions. In some cases the weak buyout. So I think the rough number over the past say eight quarters would be 85% or so of our CapEx has been for those. And as for capacity, in general, you know that our capital expenditures have been up over the past few years. We largely expect that to continue into fiscal '19.
Jeff Liaw: Ben, I would like to be fair, those variables would be really hard to isolate, because they both happen concurrently with literally every auction we run. So we can't isolate either the market effects or what we do as opposed to what we do we can to some extent. But what I would tell you is that both have been meaningful that as we've look at the market for used car prices, they are very strong but they're certainly not up 12% year-over-year either. So there is some function of the marketplace being strong, but also some meaningful function of our innovations, our member recruitments, our auction management.
Jeff Liaw: It’s a fair question, Ben. M&A certainly has been a part of Copart's journey over the past few decades. It has driven growth in the business. And in some cases, I think that will continue to be true, going forward. That said, I think as you know in our core markets in which we are strongest, the U.S. and UK and so forth, there are more limited opportunities to acquire company. Beyond that, we do revisit this topic from time-to-time we always have as our hurdle that; one, we have to like the acquisition in isolation that it has to make financial sense as to generate the kinds of returns on capital that Copart is going to expect; and secondly, that it has to dovetail well with our strategic initiatives broadly, whether that’s international expansion in Brazil, Europe and the likes, or expanses into additional future spaces. So that rubric that calculus hasn’t changed at all. We won't largely comment on this kind of activity until after the fact, as you know, for all these reasons. But M&A will be a part of Copart's future as well.
Jeff Liaw: The latter. So 2Q illustrations, National Powersport Auctions, an acquisition we completed in June of last year clearly an extension into the non-salvage power sports arena. So the addition or capabilities via acquisitions that was not organic per se. And even in Germany, our first foray into Germany was in connection with the acquisition of WOM, which is one of the listing services you heard us describe on prior conference calls as well. So from time-to-time, we will extend beyond what I would characterize as Copart’s traditional salvage auction business in our M&A activity. But for the reasons we just described, those of course have higher hurdles still if it deviates from what we know and have done day-to-day forever, we have to be that much more sure.
Jeff Liaw: And Bret I think to be -- I think it’s a fair question. I think to be fair, we don’t -- we wouldn’t manage the business that way. I understand that as the purchased car volumes were to increase that would depress our nominal margin rate, but that's a particularly sophisticated way to run the business where we want to maximize contribution and profit. And so we wouldn’t think in those terms except when we end up on quarterly calls like this one…
Jeff Liaw: On Germany specifically, let me comment more generally. On Germany specifically, I think you heard Jay and I both say, we’ll have a whole lot more to say on the next call than on this one. But more generally, when Copart has grown into new spaces, we have often expanded, first, through the purchased car model until we have achieved liquidity and proven it in the various counterparties in the market, we’re often better off buying the cars ourselves, selling them at auctions, generating a profit and improving to all the market participants that we do so. Overtime, that very naturally evolves the consignment model as was true, for example, in the UK, most notably. Or you may remember from back in the day, we were heavily tilted to the purchase model when compared to the consignment. The opposite is true today as we’ve achieved that liquidity. So when we are growing in new spaces, NPA is another example. NPA has a five -- historically had a five store footprint, so to speak, in the United States. They had tremendous credibility among dealers in and around those locations. As they expand beyond those geographies, initially will they buy a few more bikes to prove their model? Yes. And the same will be true in Germany and could be true in other international markets as well. So it will have an effect. But as per that two lengthy paragraphs about purchased cars, I wouldn’t overweight that in the overall analysis. But yes, I think purchased cars could or will outgrow consignment sales for the near future.
Jeff Liaw: Not largely, Hurricane Harvey hit it August of last year. So July 31, '17 had some catastrophic events, hailstorms and the likes, but not the meaty ones you might have in mind.
Jeff Liaw: The seasonality, I don't think would factor into a year-over-year number, but I think this even should be set the same year-over-year.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, fair question. And I would perhaps let me clear it. The fiscal '18 normalized tax rate includes big lumpy stuff, like the stock option exercises, would have been approximately 28% blended for the company. 28% includes the 26.9% U.S. federal and that includes state income tax through some foreign taxes and the like. The point about fiscal '19 is that for the U.S. portion of our income, which historically is in the 80% to 85% range of the total income for the company that on that specifically our U.S. federal rate will decline from 26.9% in fiscal '18 to 21% in fiscal '19. So that will in and of itself somewhat meaningfully lower our tax rate in fiscal '19.
Jeff Liaw: It's tough to quantify. We can tell you how much scrap was up. The scrap year-over-year, it remains a pretty healthy environment, was up 18%. I think sometimes the perception is a little overwhelmed on the importance of scrap in our business. So if you consider the typical car that Copart sells, a passenger sedan has a ton and half of total content, the crushed car body just the usual number is just $200 per ton. So it's $300 of scrap content in a car for a car that sells for thousands. But even if the scrap is up 18%, you're talking about $40 or $50 change to the underlying value of a car that sells for thousands of dollars. So the expected matters in particular on our lowest end vehicles, I suspect it had virtually no effect on the cars that will be rebuilt and brought back on to the road. In some theoretical form, you could imagine that 10 years from now when that car is done that scrap value [indiscernible] back. But I think the scrap matters, it’s a contributor, but I don't think it's nearly -- it's not that meaningful a portion of that ASP.
Will Franklin: We have kept up, Bob. I can't say this, though that whatever excess capacity we had three years ago is dissipated. But our procurement, our acquisition, and our development activity is one of our primary focuses here as across the world. We employ, I think, a very aggressive and when I say aggressive, I mean high assumption in terms of growth rate when we plan our expansion and our capacity needs. So, I think we're developing to that number. So, when you look at those elevated growth rates, we're anticipating an additional permanent CAT capacity that we're pursuing, it's a big job. But to answer your question, we think we've got it covered. I'd like to say we've got 28 projects in construction. I think you'll see a number of those being announced in the next two quarters, and if you are looking at the targets that we're pursuing and I would say contracts that we have entered into, there’s about another 45 of those. So, I think we're well situated to accommodate the growth in the market as well as any CAT needs.
Will Franklin: There’s a change, it just wasn’t recent. It’s take -- we entered the market in, I think 2012 and it takes a while to build out not only your team but your processes, and to gain the kind of reputation that you need to grow the business, kind of reputation, the kind of brand that we have here in the United States. And in Brazil, we're starting to gain that brand recognition, especially with the insurance companies. And you saw that we have expanded north in Betim. Recently, we added a new yard south in Curitiba. And we think there's opportunity to grow, simply because we operate better than everyone we think and we provide the highest returns through our re-marketing efforts. And we just think it's the byproduct of that will be growth in our volume and our presence in the market.
Will Franklin: We haven't sized in that respect and we probably won't until it becomes a material number with respect to the total.
Will Franklin: It’s really too early to tell. When all the water subsides and the claims start coming in, the assignments come in then we’ll have a better picture of that. The $1.7 million that I quoted was just what we spent to prepare for the storm. So there’ll be other expenses to follow-on throughout the course of next weeks and months.
Will Franklin: I'm not sure the numerical questions that you had. I can talk about the segments in general. I mean, we're finding that -- we're tracking more and more buyers for these types of cars, which allows us to just the chicken egg, provide higher returns, which allows us to approach those who have these types of cars and ask them to test our re-marketing and our auction platform. And through that process, they found it to be fruitful in terms of increasing their returns, and in turn has grown that market. We've also developed specific programs for different buyers. So we have a different program for equipment sellers, or we have a different program for wholesalers, or we may have a separate program for financial companies. And so we're becoming more astute in identifying their specific needs and addressing those through our processes and our technology.
Will Franklin: We think there is a long runway ahead of us in terms of growth and dealer consignment. I think we're in the first or second inning of this game. And I think we're refining our processes. We're adding more resources to the pursuit of this volume. And we think that the sellers who are trying and utilizing our platform are very happy with the results. So I think there's a robust opportunity ahead of us with respect to dealer cars.
Stephanie Benjamin: I just wanted to go back and follow-up on the G&A, or I am sorry, overall operating income and the one-time expenses. And happy to do this offline if that’s easier. But I think you mentioned that there’s about $20 million in non-recurring in the quarter. Of that, what was broken out in the non-GAAP adjustment schedule in the press release? I just want to make sure I'm getting it correct based on that.
Stephanie Benjamin: So really -- and you said the operating income had $20 million of one time that we would not expect to occur, going forward…
Stephanie Benjamin: My next question is actually is just on Brazil. I think that very positive there, and almost seems like -- and I think the comment that it’s going to be a more meaningful contributor. Is there something that has materially changed just in the last couple of months in that market, either on your end or from just the market standpoint to cause this to be a larger contributor? Or just more color there would be really helpful? Thanks.
