Jayson Adair: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning everyone. We’re going to change things up a little this morning; Will and I are in two different locations, and so he’s going run through the disclaimer, go through his update on the company, turn it over to me and then we’ll open it up for question and answers. So with that, it’s my pleasure to introduce Will Franklin.  
Jayson Adair: No, I think this is in line with our expectations, and actually, we had a nice growth in yard margin on the year-over-year basis expressed as a percentage. And that is result of accepting more volume going through our system which is primarily fixed cost.
Jayson Adair: We talked about that in the past. The company generates a significant amount of cash, and that will be used to expand facilities, add new facilities to company, the potential to buy stock back is there, the potential to acquire companies is there, and you know, we don’t. on the calls, break out, how we are going to do that and lay out our strategy, but that is definitely one of the options. You’ve seen the trend in the past, that’s probably the best way to think about it.
Jayson Adair: It is, we’re fairly efficient in our tax strategy, we’ve been able to source a lot of our revenue to states with preferential tax rates, we’re able to source some of our revenue internationally at lower tax rates. So I think going forward, I think to up to 35% is probably fair.
Jayson Adair: You’re always trying to grow market share, and you’re always working with clients at the local level in addition to a national approach, and we’re very aggressive. I mean, we’re a very competitive company, and so yes, I think we definitely have influence on driving market share, as most companies, I would say do. I’m also a little bit confused by the question to be honest.
Jayson Adair: It’s been a lighter winter. I mean, everyone knows that it’s been a lighter winter than normal years, but we continue to build inventory in the quarter, and we continue to have significant market share gains, and so, we anticipate volumes going forward are going to be up. 
Jayson Adair: Sure, we internally talk about ourselves as change centric, and that’s an internal term that we use about Copart. I talk about they systems piece of Overdrive because I think it’s something that the street can see and it’s a very tangible thing, but we’re changing a lot more than that right now. The move to Texas alone is a big deal as well. So there’s a lot of change happening at Copart right now. We’re always concerned about making change and how we address change, and how we handle change. And when we do things that make sense, we’re happy and when we do things that don’t make sense we don’t continue with them, we change them, and we fine tune, and sometimes we even go back. So we know how to manage change. I feel very confident in the team, they are really, really good when it comes to managing change. So, I’m definitely of the mindset that it’s something that we need to watch, we are as a team doing that and so, am I concerned about how we implement that change, yes. I have concerns, but I'm not worried, if that gives you any feel for it. Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Yep. That’s helpful. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Jayson Adair: Yes, sure. The UK is doing fantastic. We’ve – as we’ve talked about in previous calls, we’ve got all of our locations fully integrated and we’ve continued to see growth in that market. We’ve got high ASPs, high average selling prices in the UK as well as high unit volumes. So our team there has done a fantastic job and if there’s anything specifically that you want me to comment on I can, but in general they’re doing very, very well and we’re happy with the results. 
Jayson Adair: Yes. We are. We had a full run of that account back in the second quarter of ’11 and a full run today in Q3 or Q2.
Jayson Adair: Yeah, again, you’ve got rising ACVs right now, both in the US and in the UK and we pay a percentage of ACV. So when ACV’s drop, we get a significant benefit of that under a purchase because the cars typically don’t drop at the same rate. And when ACVs go up, it has a negative effect and again, because vehicles don’t go up quite frankly at the same rate. And then part of it is just mix. It’s the type of cars that we’re selling as well. But primarily it’s ACV. 
Jayson Adair: Yes, we said – well, we’ve said in the past in Fiscal ’11 calendar ’10 and calendar ’11 that we were gearing up. You’ve seen big increases in operations expense, you’ve seen bigger increases in G&A expense. So we’ve geared up in a lot of markets to be able to handle additional volume that we believed at the time was going to come in.  And we’ll be increasing it. We’re not going to hold it that tight. There’ll be some increases. We had a recent large market share gain that came on board, and so we’re going to be adding additional people to the company. So you’ll see some additional costs, but as I said in the opening remarks, we will be able to hold our expenses down relative. You’ll see a margin improvement relative to the revenue growth in the company because of prior investment in the past and because it’s the nature of a fixed-cost business. 
Jayson Adair: Right. Well, it’s similar in size and it’s similar in size in terms of new units to the company. Obviously, we’re a bigger company today, so it’s – as a percentage of the total company, it will be smaller in that regard. But yes, it is similar in size. 
Jayson Adair: The awesome margin performance, I would say, is just the additional units going through a company where we’re holding costs. Why are those additional units taking place? Well, it’s definitely not weather. We’ve seen the mildest winter I’ve seen in a long, long time; very, very mild winter. So it’s not winter. It is market share gains. The only way we can break that out is look at contracts where we have 100% of the business and then look at contracts where we’re adding volume and try to break that out. But you know, I would attribute our unit growth to some seasonality. Even though it’s a mild winter, it’s seasonally going to be more volume in second and third quarters than in the first quarter.  So some of it is seasonality, but the majority of our growth going forward is going to be market share gains. It’s just the nature of where we’re at right now as a company. 
Jayson Adair: Emerging markets like – yeah, other countries, international? Yes, we’ve talked about that in prior calls. That could happen as early as this fiscal year. And you know, it will definitely happen in Fiscal ’13. I mean, that will be something we’ll be pushing hard on. So how much of that – how much growth will we see and – that’s all to be seen. But Copart has not been shy about the fact that we are going to have an international expansion.  This is a unique business. I don’t think when Wal-Mart opens up in England and has [inaudible], that they get additional buyers in England that help their Wal-Mart stores in the U.S. Copart’s the exact opposite of that experience. As we open up locations in other countries, it is every bit an accumulator of members and buyers. So as we open up in other markets, we not only do business in those markets, but we bring additional buyers into the company and then, of course, that makes it a much more competitive environment. This is a complete supply/demand story if there ever was one.  So as we bring additional volume in through increasing the markets, through market share gains, through weather, whatever the scenario is that’s causing additional volume, you’ve got to have additional members. So as we expand internationally, that will be the case. It has been in the past and we know it will be going forward. Every time you open up a location in another market, they learn about you and then they start to buy from you.  This is very much an interstate business today, somewhere around half of the cars that are sold in any given state on average will either end up being pushed by a buyer from another state or pushed by a buyer – or bought by a buyer from another state. And that just excluding the international stuff for a minute. You don’t – it’s not a localized market. When I got into the business, back in the day, it was very localized. You say buyers in the city that the auction was in, buying in that market. They may drive 100 or 150 miles to another market, but it was a very localized market.  Today, it’s very much not only a national marketplace on what’s product’s selling, but it’s very international. So there’s no question in our mind as a team, we view the success of Copart as expanding that network of facilities across the globe and increasing the marketplace and making it much more of an international business. 
Jayson Adair: Yes, we’ve got an amazing culture. I won’t go into specifics, Craig, on the numbers and that portion of it, but I’ll just tell you, we have an amazing culture of folks and we’re maintaining the culture but we are changing it. Copart has, through Overdrive, we’ve talked about being a faster, easier, more comprehensive, more transparent company. But if I were to sum it up into a couple of points, we want to be much more of a yes we can company. If you want us to do something, we want to be able to do it. We don’t want to find the reasons why it’s a difficult process, we want to find the reasons why we can definitely do it and we want to be scrappy. And I say, pun intended, but you know, it really is in the term, in the true sense of the word. We want to be as nimble as possible. We want to be a company that we can change direction quickly, we can deliver products quickly and that culture is stronger today than it was six months ago.  We are pushing harder and harder and harder to be a faster, more responsive company to our customers, to innovate at a quicker pace, to develop products at a quicker pace and I don’t just mean technology, I mean products at the locations, the way that we interact with the customer, the way that we service the customer. So the culture is stronger than it’s ever been. It’s definitely changing. There’s no question about that. We’re definitely in an evolutionary – in fact I – we had a meeting, an all-hands meeting last week and I told the team that Copart has gone through an evolution in the last decade. We are now in a revolution. We are really, really changing the core of our company and how we’re thinking about our market and our customers and how we interact with those customers. And we’re here to serve. We’re here to please and we’ve got a great team and we’re going to do that. And the folks that are staying with the company will do it, the folks that are coming on board will be geared towards that culture for sure, without question. 
Jayson Adair: Yes. We have the same partnership with that company. So we didn’t feel like it was really something that we would talk about simply because you haven’t seen us talk about the customers that buy from us in Ababa or Dubai or Lithuania, or Ghana or any of the other countries that we sell to. So it’s just another customer, another marketplace that we’ve got and we’ve, quite frankly, have been selling to Asia now for quite a few years through Twain and through some of the other nations in that marketplace.  So we’re comfortable with it. We like it, it’s a good thing and that’s really the story. 
Jayson Adair: Yes. You know we don’t talk about pricing on the calls. So I'm just going to move right along from that one, Buddy. 
Jayson Adair: Yes, so if I look at September right now, September will be more units sold. I’m sorry, September – February will be more units sold this year than last year. It is a Leap Year so I haven’t broken it up per day, I just looked at it for the month so far and we’ve got one more day to go here, but it will be bigger. A number of things could happen between now and the end of the quarter. We’ve got two more months in the quarter, but at this point, yes, we’ve had a soft winter, there’s no question. But we’ve had a lot of gains on the insurance and non-insurance side and so we anticipate going forward, not just Q3 or Q4, but going forward into the next year that we’ll be selling more volume year over year. 
Jayson Adair: No. We don’t give numbers in terms of inventory or units sold, or anything of that. We just give you the trends. 
Jayson Adair: All right, thank you, Lisa. And thank you, everyone else who came on the call and for asking the questions. We’re pleased, obviously, with being able to report the quarter to you. We look forward to reporting Q3 and 4 and then giving you some updates on how we think we’re be doing in Fiscal ’13.  That concludes our call. Thank you much. Bye, bye.
William Franklin: Thank you, Jay. Before I begin our comments, I’d like to remind everyone on the call that our remarks will contain forward-looking statements, including the statements concerning our views and trends in our business. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees and are subject to certain risk and uncertainties that could cause the final results to differ substantially from those projected or implied by our statements and comments. The key risks includes trends and average selling prices for cars, and factors that can affect our gross margins. For a more complete discussion of the risk that could affect our business, please review the management's discussion analysis and the factors contained in our 10-Qs, 10-K and other SEC filings. I’ll now provide some brief comments on the financial performance in our second quarter. Yesterday we reported our results for the second quarter of our 2012 fiscal year. Consolidated revenue was $227.9 million compared to $207.4 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 9.9%.  Included in our second quarter of last fiscal year, there’s a beneficial settlement with the U.K. tax authorities respecting the proper apportionment of auction sales proceeds between revenue and VAT. As a result of the settlement, we recognized in that quarter, $1.8 million in purchase car revenue relating to prior period’s activities. Excluding this settlement, revenue growth would have been 10.8%. The growth in revenue was driven primarily by growth in unit volume, which increased 7.1%. On a same-store sales basis, unit volume grew by 5.2%. In North America, insurance volume grew by 6% and was driven by market wins and by the severe weather we experienced last summer. Non-insurance volume grew by 8.1% and was driven primarily by growth and supply from franchise and independent car dealers, and from individual consigners. Non-insurance volume represented 19.8% of our total North America volume. While the total number of purchased units sold increased by 2%, the decline is a percentage of our total units sold as we continue to migrate contracts in the U.K. and the principal model to the agency model. Yard and fleet expenses grew from $85.1 million to $86.4 million, and reflect the higher volume of cars processed. Our gross margin grew from $85.9 million to $99.7 million or 16.1%. Excluding the impact of the beneficial settlement in the U.K. in our second of last year, our gross margin would have grown 18.5%. General and Administrative cost, excluding depreciation were $23.4 million compared to $23.7 million for the same quarter last year, and included approximately $500,000 in headquarter relocation cost. In the current quarter we determined that certain assets, primarily our fleet of private airplanes, will be removed from operations and disposed. Consequently these assets, which also include certain real estate and computer hardware, were written down the fair value, resulting in an impairment of $8.8 million. Our operating income, excluding the impairment, increased from $60.2 million to $72.3 million or 20.1%. Excluding the beneficial settlement in the U.K. in the second quarter of last year, operating income grew by 23.8%. We ended the quarter with $127.6 million in cash, accounts receivable grew as we increased inventory.  During the quarter we generated $26.2 million in operating cash flow. We expended $7.8 million for capital assets, and $91.4 million for the repurchase of 1.97 million shares of our common stock. At the end of the quarter, we had 53.3 million shares outstanding on an undiluted basis, and we had 25.5 million shares remaining in our share repurchase authorization. In the quarter, we fixed our interest rate – in the previous quarter we fixed our interest rate with respect to 75% our outstanding term debt at 2.35%. During this quarter we fixed the interest rate with respect to the remaining 25% of our debt at 2.19%, all through interest rate swap arrangements. Our outstanding term debt obligation is $481 million, and we have $100 million available on a revolver. That concludes my short comments; we’ll now turn the call over to Jayson Adair, our CEO for further discussion of our second quarter’s results. 
William Franklin: Sure. It has to do with growth in inventory. So in quarters in which you grow inventory, it has a suppressive impact on your margin percentage because you have to plus through much of the recovery costs as opposed to formally we capitalize that on the balance sheet and recognize that at the time we sold it.  So consequently, you’ll see nice growth in our margins percentage in our third quarter when we sell off the inventory that was accumulated in our first and second quarter.  If you look at last year, I think there was about a 460 basis point increase on margin percentage in our second and our third quarters. And you’ll see that same movement, maybe not that magnitude, but that same movement this year. 
William Franklin: That’s right. It has that effect on your financials. So because there’s a difference in the period in which you collect the car and which you recognize the revenue, - I’ll just restate what I said previously. When you grow inventory, you have lower margin percentages. 
William Franklin: We’re always said that we anticipate the cost of relocation being around $5 million. It may be a little less than that. So far we’ve recognized $3 million. The timing of the balance of recognition of that is uncertain because it has to do when people decide to move.  In terms of the SAP project, we still think that total cost will be around $35 million range and once we start to utilize that system, which we think will be in towards the last half of fiscal 2013, those costs will roll through our income statement as amortization. So depending on the like that we described to it, seven or ten years, it could be anywhere between 1.2 and $1.6 million of extra amortization per quarter. 
William Franklin: And I’d prefer, I’d prefer not. I’d prefer not to right now. We’ve got plenty of cash. I’ll tell you that we’re not, we’re not worried about not having enough cash to manage the CapEx. I just wanted to talk about it in the call because CapEx was below $10 million last quarter. And we’re very confident, at this point, that it will trend above that.  We’ve got some deals in the works that are coming out. We’ve got capacity across the organization, but we’ve had some significant market share gains recently. And there is going to have to be some cash deployed towards expanding existing locations and even adding some locations to the company.
William Franklin: No, Bill, we stopped giving that because it was just too complex and there was too many variables when you’ve got FX and migration of contracts within agency and revenue. So in the last probably three or four quarters, we just talked about same-store sales in terms of units, which we gave out. It was 5.2%. 
Jay Adair: Oh, yes. It’s six digits. I mean, it’s over, it’s well over 200,000 new members a year. I mean, we’re doing some very aggressive marketing to bring in additional members, and we’re expanding that member base in a big, big way. The last decade was about interstate selling and then, eventually, that became out of country bidding.  And today, I would tell you, we’re in the third chapter, which is really just being very dynamic in our approach to bringing in members, and the way that we’ve put cars up on the Web; the way that we reach out to members to make sure that they see cars that maybe they missed, so that they bid on them before the auction comes up; that kind of thing. We’ve got a lot of analytics that we’re working, a lot of metrics that we’re working. And yes, so we’re seeing some big, big improvement there.
Jay Adair: Oh yes. I don’t have the number off the top of my head, but, you know, the member base is well over 20,000 new members a month. And then our conversion ratios just continue to go up. Yes, our goal is to, is to get them to bid. And I’ve talked about the process before. You want to sign up a member. Then you want to get the member to browse the website and bid on a vehicle; then become second-high bidder; then become high bidder; and actually buy a vehicle. So that, you’ve got to walk through that process. And we’re just continuing, we continue to improve there. And I think we’ll continue. That’s the, that’s really the question is, are we going to continue to improve in that area? And I believe, fundamentally, we will.
Jay Adair: Yes, no, it’s, I can tell you that the conversion rate is improving dramatically, month to month to month. But no, we don’t give out all the numbers simply because there’s a lot of what we do, not just in acquiring a member and converting a member to becoming a buyer. But there’s a lot in what we do in the interaction with members, in the data-sharing with members. There’s a lot of things we do that we think are (inaudible), you know, special sauce for the company.  And, you know, we’ll continue to do that, and the results will continue to reflect that. And we do share that information with customers, obviously, with sellers, and we’ve had market share gains in the past. And we think we’ll continue to have market share gains, because of that.
Jay Adair: Well, okay, I was going to try and give you a quick answer, but that evolved into more than one question. As far as the, as far as our outlook on stock buyback, I wouldn’t say it changes it. I would say that we, all through fiscal ’10 and fiscal ’11, saw this growth that was coming down the line. We created it by spending more than we had previously, and basically priming that pump. And now, at this point, what we feel internally is that we can hold costs while growing revenues. But there will be, we knew that back then.  We’ve got over a dozen facilities that we own, that we don’t even talk about. They’re not listed as one of the Copart facilities. We consider them in holding. So that the day that we need to add another location, that market will just turn that facility back on. And so, we’ve got a number of those scenarios. We’ve got hundreds and hundreds, if not thousands, of acres that have not been developed yet, but are adjoining the yards that we own. We’re very long-term in our view, and if there’s an opportunity to buy land next to a facility that is at 80% capacity, we’ll buy it, knowing that two, three, four, five years from now, we’re going to need to expand that. And we would prefer to have 150 hunded-acre locations than to have 1,000 15-acre locations, obviously.  So our goal is very much veered and driven towards expanding existing facilities before we add additional facilities. But, nonetheless, we’re going to be doing both in the next year. We’re going to have to do both. And we’ll continue to look at our stock as another growth driver for the company, as we’ve done in the past.
