Jeff Liaw: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to Copart’s Fiscal 2020 First Quarter Earnings Call. I’ll ask Darren Hart, our VP of Finance, to start with the Safe Harbor.
Jeff Liaw: Bob, thanks for the question, and a good one. I think in general, they are – the demand is similar with the one nuance being that they will – their interest is typically on higher value vehicles, which makes logical sense because a car which is a very old battery case, which is largely just metal value, you would never bother to ship overseas. So they tend to focus on rebuildable, drivable vehicles in particular. And those – so they overlap very heavily. I would say that we talk about how international bidders are purchasing approximately half the value of our U.S. options, plus or minus. They did of course on many, many more cars still than that. So the point being that it is similar in the aggregate with the nudge to higher value cars.
Jeff Liaw: Don’t have an end state in mind, Bob. Think that it has grown steadily overtime. There are a number of important secular tailwinds there that we mentioned a few moments ago about economic growth in those markets, low automotive penetration. I think we take for granted here in the U.S. that mobility is essential for our economic well-being for education or healthcare and the like. In those economies, likewise have demand for the same mobility. So overtime, I think there will be still more demand for U.S. vehicles, wrecked cars that could become drivable cars there, but we don’t have an end state in mind per se, Bob.
Jeff Liaw: Both. I think the dealer car – dealer source cars, I think you know, has been an area of emphasis for us for years, with meaningful growth really over a number of quarters now year-over-year. And that’s because our value proposition, again, it’s the same one as it is for the insurance carriers that has delivered auction values which matter the most to them. And that is a function of the phenomena we talked about a moment ago, that is liquidity, that is marketing efforts, that is international buyers and domestic alike. So it is again a fairly representative sample of buyers on the other side of the equation.
Jeff Liaw: The word pressure, I probably hesitate, it’s the math, yes, will persist for – will persist for a few quarters if that’s you mean. I think for us, it’s not pressure per se, because I think we think about cars, our economics on a unit economics basis, per unit basis more so than we do the actual gross revenue.
Jeff Liaw: Craig, you find us unsatisfying, but we’ve been very – about not commenting on individual customers. More generically, we have earned very significant market share for years and for decades, often organically. And the reasons in general, for not commenting on specific accounts, are that we deliver superior auction results, that is first and foremost, certainly depending on where we are in a historical cycle, other considerations like catastrophic events and the like can also factor the decision, but ultimately it’s about the economic value we deliver to our customers, number one. Number two, related but somewhat – is service levels, and that in turn is a function of our yard network, our people, our technology, our process, how well do we service and account day-to-day, week-to-week, year-to-year. And then of course, as I noted a moment, how we service them in times of crisis as well. That’s how every insurance carrier considers their salvage partner decisions and depending on who the partner is and when you – where we are in history, they’ll prioritize differently, but those are the criteria that anyone would make that decision on.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. Good question. And I think, perhaps we’ve been remiss in not describing them robustly enough on our earnings calls. But in general, we take those services – those types of services very seriously. So I’ll comment just on one, for example, the loan payoff question I think you just raised. And for those who aren’t already in the node, one complication in the resolution of a total loss claim can be that a policyholder has an outstanding loan on his or her car, so before the salvage plan can be resolved altogether, the loan payoff balance to per owed on that loan needs to be obtained by the carrier and the policyholder so that the lender conversely paid-off. As I understand it, others in the industry are in alpha or beta testing for a product they intend to launch at some point. We launched ours in May of 2019, so whole six months ago, we had an automated loan payoff offering already delivered to our customers. We didn’t talk about it on our earnings calls per se. We recognize that as an important consideration for an insurance carrier and wanting to resolve those claims. We love the claims process. We are meticulous students of it. We appreciated it for a while now that this is a second point at a bottleneck and we developed and delivered service accordingly six months ago.
Jeff Liaw: Hard to do, Craig, because it’s very hard to isolate variables. As you might imagine that is on a portion of the cars that have loans outstanding and a portion still for which those financial institutions are connected to various intermediaries that we have partnered with. So it is not always quite black and white, but it’s certainly a tangible improvement, both we and our insurance partners appreciate it.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. So the delivered values at auction, you’ve heard us describe the length on this call the international buyers and how important they are. And I think that sometimes maybe underappreciated that how relevant they are both for the units that are ultimately acquired by international buyers, but also on all of the other units they bid on, right? They just help provide value disclosure, full and fair value realization across virtually all the units that Copart offers. Beyond that, there are number of other considerations too. VB3, if you haven’t already, you should quote attend an online auction to Copart and do so for others in the industry and render your own judgments. But we have what we think is the best-in-class technology for sellers and buyers alike, which yields – which has for us anyway, yielded increasing bidders. So bidders and bids well in excess, even if our unit growth, meaning bids per unit – domestic bids per unit, international bids per unit have very consistently increased for a long time. So it’s mostly about the auction liquidity phenomena we just described, John.
Jeff Liaw: I think it’s capital expenditures, in particular, I think are hard to extrapolate from a given quarter, but we’re talking about parcels of land and in some cases costs, multiple tens of millions of dollars. So reading into one quarter’s numbers I think is bouncy. I would say that if you consider the past four years to be quote elevated capital expenditure levels for Copart, those investments will continue for years to come, both as necessary for the business that we have today as well as growth we anticipate.
Jeff Liaw: Tough to quantify, Bret. We know, we believe it is significant, we believe that the industry has generally voted with its feet, but literally an individual car, of course, would not be sold on both auctions, you would never have and all else equal, auction comparison like-for-like. But we believe that simply the international proposition of our bids, the increasing number of bids per unit over time, this is pretty compelling evidence. That’s true.
Jeff Liaw: Bret, I don’t know. I would – I can’t. We really don’t have the data to do that, but literally no cars that were sold on both – on multiple auctions. So it’s – we can’t quantify that.
Jeff Liaw: Won’t be able to point-to-point comparisons in part, because we don’t have perfect visibility either buyer who buys 400 units from us may have different intentions for different of those units. We can surmise that if they’re based in the Ukraine, they intend to drive them again versus if it’s a buyer who is six miles away, also owns a scrap yard, we can guess – we can render a different judgment. But those would be estimates in the aggregate, I think directionally very clearly all have been – it’s been a very significant shift from scrap and dismantling in favor of rebuildable drivable cars. You can see that in part also in the – and literally the physical appearances of the cars we’ve been selling, if you attended the Copart auction in the 1980s, and saw what was sort of 50% damaged car, you can see one that is obliterated that very clearly will never be returned to growth. If you look at the car today with 50% damage, it looks like a car. It probably had a technology set, if you even were willing to temporarily forgo, you could drive the car right away. So the very nature of the car has changed as well.
Jeff Liaw: No new thoughts. And perhaps, we have old ones then. And that is to say the total loss frequency, I think, folks who see 20% or whatever today wonder, could it someday be capped at 25%. And I think if you take then the 40-year view and look back to 1980, you’ll see the total loss frequency then is 4%. So if it went from 4% to 20%, I don’t see the logic in believing that it will ultimately tug out as 25% instead. If we’re having this conversation any point over the past 40 years, I think we would have foreseen ceilings that are quite a bit less than reality ended up being. So our view is that, so long as there is a natural outlet for these cars in the form of international buyers, in particular, in higher growth economies, who need cars that there is no particular – there is no ceiling, there is no gauge on where total loss frequency can go.
Jeff Liaw: I think there is enough noise in any given quarter that I think it’s all – you hear me talk about this in – with respect to many variables in our business, this one included. I look over a longer period of time. That said, selling price improvement is a good solid quarter for us and it’s been consistent now that we’ve been up consecutively for 12 quarters or so. As you know there are secular and cyclical forces here. The secular ones being total loss frequency that as we total more cars, those are generally better ones. Secular drivers maintained [indiscernible] improved more of them, they will drive ASPs upward as well. There are cyclical forces here as well, including currency, I think of that sort that can cause fluctuations in both directions. So I think we’re – we are happy to continue delivering better values for our customers.
Jeff Liaw: The strong majority of these expenditures are for our quote traditional markets, so ones in which we’ve been doing business in for a long time, and they are a reflection of demands – demand to-date, meaning if you have perfect visibility into every Copart yard, you’d be able to see that plenty of them could use more space now. Therefore, a good portion of this CapEx is for expansions. Whatever we can expand into contiguous space, we of course would love to. But the operating efficiencies that affords us, and when necessary we will expand it – we will instead build new facilities elsewhere. So you’re right to guess that we have many facilities in development. What’s driving that is simply demand – demand today and demand growth in the future.
Jeff Liaw: It’s a fair question and the answer is somehow both yes and no. So this is an area of relentless focus for us, it is how we optimize the efficiency of our yard operations. And therefore, we are – we deploy initiatives all the time, including for example, a self-help driver app last year, which reduces weight for unnecessary trips that our drivers make to our yard. So at that times hundreds, we have a number of initiatives under way. I don’t know that any of them will yield a step function change. In some cases, they help to offset natural inflation we see in our business from fuel and healthcare and other factors I’m sure you know quite well. So yes, it is an area of ongoing emphasis for us and it has been worked.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. Yes. NPA has been a great acquisition for us. We’re thrilled that they are – they are a part of the Copart family today. I think you may remember from the time we did the deal that our logic was twofold. We needed to like the transaction on a stand-alone basis and we needed also to believe that it would add – it would contribute strategic value to Copart and our insurance and non-insurance business as well. I think it’s delivered on both fronts. The business has grown organically on its own, meaning the powersports business, the auction that we run through NPA have grown on their own. And likewise, its contributed to our expertise when it comes to the powersports space, which you may remember we noted is a nuance in different markets, in many respects as well. So now having that expertise in-house has contributed to our capabilities in our traditional business as well. So yes, on both counts.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Thank you for joining us for the call. We’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you, everyone.
