Jay Adair: Thank you, Augusta. Good morning everyone. We are really excited to report on the third quarter earnings for Copart. It's my pleasure to welcome you all to the call. Will Franklin and I are in two different locations today. So, I’m going to turn the call over to him, he will go through his prepared remarks, I’ll add little color towards the end and then we will open up for questions. So, with that it's my pleasure to introduce to you Will Franklin, CFO for Copart.
Jay Adair: No, change in philosophy. We have been obviously very aggressive in buying back stock in the past. We look at our options that are out there. So, we’re sitting on today a little over 200 million in cash and the options that are out there either buying our stock back or buying other companies. And at this time, we’ve got some opportunity that exists. So we don't want to not have the ability to do that. So, it's important that we keep some cash on hand to be able to make acquisitions going forward. And in the future if we end up building again a really heavy cash position and we feel that the stock is a better opportunity than we go into the market and buy the stock.
Jay Adair: Some of these are facilities that we own and we’re going to be turning on that we’ve got capacity issues in those markets and so we’ve got to take those facilities and turn them on. They have been facilities maybe in the past and they have been mothballed and now we’re going to light them backup. Some of them are properties that we have acquired and we have to build out. And so there will be capital expense to get those online and then some of them will be acquisitions that most likely will happen. So, we’re comfortable with that number at this time and we’re working on that. It's really a timing thing. Our goal is to try to get all that done in the next fiscal year. There may be some that gets pushed into the next year, but the odds are we will get them online, and we'll get those facilities turned on. The spend rather is just a timing issue. So, as we’re developing those yards and spending cash to build buildings and rock facilities and get them online, you are going to see the CapEx move. So, Will and I actually talked prior to the call, John, about whether or not we should try and give some CapEx numbers and we felt it was easier to let us finish the fourth quarter. We will report CapEx in the fourth quarter and then we will put an estimate. This is what we’ve done in the past. We tried to give you a range of what we think CapEx will be in the next fiscal year. And so we are going to stick with that. We decided not to try and guess, because we are in the middle of doing some deals right now on buying some land and getting some facilities brought online. So, it's just easier to report it at the end of the fourth quarter and then give you an estimate for the new fiscal year.
Jay Adair: Well, I can't go back in my head on Allstate. I can just tell you that this is an account we are really excited about gaining. They are very well respected company in the industry as is Allstate. To be able to sign something like it, it really confirms the model that we got and validates what we are doing as a company in terms of service and returns and all of the things that insurers care about. We were competitive in our bid, but not overly competitive. I mean it’s not like we are unhappy with what we will be making on the contracts. I can’t give you specific numbers. We will report those earnings as they come out in the next fiscal year, but we are happy with the deal. That’s the key. I mean the key here is that we didn’t do a deal that was to end up not being happy with how the returns would be or the margins would be. We are really happy with how we are going to be looking going forward.
Jay Adair: Sure. I mean, we have something that we intend to do and we talked about that on prior calls. We have every intent to expand internationally and that will be something that we will be doing. I can’t tell you it's this quarter, the next quarter. There’s opportunities around the globe and we have to seize those opportunities that make sense first and I’m not willing to lay that out on a conference call and just tell you that we’re going to go in the markets that are going to be most welcoming first. And then the second piece will be where we’ve got a technology that we’re implementing in the next fiscal year and we’re not going to let that technology hold us off from moving into markets, but at the same time eventually you want to integrate just like when we bought the major company in London, we ran it on their platform for six months to a year, but eventually we want to integrate it to Copart and the VB2 technology and all the other benefits that we’ve got. So, we’re happy to buy a company out and run it on their systems for a while; but eventually it needs to be integrated. And so, once those systems go into play in the next fiscal year, it allows us to speed up the process in terms of expanding internationally compared to where we’ve been in the past. So, it's going to happen. It's just a matter of ticking the boxes and getting everything done, and when we do that then we will start a more aggressive expansion into some of those countries. But like I said on the last call, you are going to see some international expansion like you just did. You just saw the two facilities in Canada, but you are going to see more international expansion in the coming fiscal year. If you guys could ask for Will and myself too that would help just so we know who you want to answer the questions, that’d be great.
Jay Adair: No. We continued to spend. So, I don’t see SG&A going up dramatically in the next fiscal year. What will be 23 and change in the quarter, we could end up being 25 a quarter, but I wouldn't expect it to be 30 a quarter as an example.
Jay Adair: I would expect ASPs to come down over time. They are up because of demand and there is still short supply rather. Yes, they are starting to sell some more new cars, but now we're four years baked into this thing now of not selling cars. You can run the numbers a few different ways, you can look at the total population, it's something over 200 million cars, you can look at the usable population pulling out vehicles that give low mileage or third cars in families that kind of thing, and knock the number down to 150 million vehicles. But either way you slice it, we’ve gone from 17, 18 million to 10 to 12 million. So, there is a good 20 million cars that are missing out of the mix because we have continued to have to crush vehicles at the same rates that we have in the past. We see an aging fleet, we see high demand, and so we see the prices of vehicle higher. As the older vehicles come through, it should bring down, that’s our anticipation anyway, is the average selling price would come off, but we would start seeing a lot more units going through. A new car is very difficult to total a five-year old car, which is in ‘07 now. When we started the recession in ‘08, if you are in the auto business, we think of it more like a depression, but if you sit back and go to ‘08 and look at trying to total ‘07, that wasn’t easy to do. As you sit today, that's a five year old vehicle. So, when it gets in an accident, the probability of it becoming a total loss is much, much higher. So, going forward we should see ASPs come off. We should see total units going up, and the question is just going to be a supply demand component of that. And I mean you sit there and kind of look at the numbers and expect that the question is going to be, when is that going to take place. The two should offset each other. It's no different than when parts cars are being sold and used to repair cars, you will get more money for the parts cars, but in theory you should be fixing more cars. So, the two really offset. We are in a business where there’s a lot of moving parts, but it seems like when one lever gets pulled, another one goes the other direction. So, what we’re anticipating internally that's all I can tell you is that we are going to need room for more vehicles in the company and that's how we talked about expanding in excess of 10 locations or opening in excess of 10 locations in the future and then we’ve got a whole myriad of expansions we are doing on top of that. So, we are taking yards where we’ve got an extra 10 or 15 acres we will be rocking those facilities and expanding those. We are making room because we see the future as being a future we’ve got to process more cars.
Jay Adair: Yes, I think we're outperforming the market. It's hard to know though, right? You have to look at the existing accounts that you have got. So, we take national accounts, and we look at where the volume is with those national accounts and we know that that volume is down. That we can see. If you ask insurers are they totaling more cars this quarter than they did last quarter and the answer is going to be no. They are totaling less cars. So, to be able to deliver the results we delivered, the growth in non-insurance and be able to maintain the number of units going through we’re really happy with those results. My expectations would be that that won’t be the case in the next year that we’re to see additional volume coming through. For one, I don't expect to see the same kind of winter. But who knows. We will see what happens with the winter. I remember the days of sitting on calls 10 years ago and talking about El Nino. So, hopefully, we don’t end up like that. (Inaudible) because that gets a little bit ridiculous. But the weather is going to be what it will be. The dynamic of aging vehicles will generate more units and so our expectation is, we’re going to be selling more cars going forward. We’re happy, really happy with the quarter and the growth that we saw both in insurance in terms of new accounts and primarily, the big win that we had in terms of a national agreement, very happy with that. Then we’re really happy with the non-insurance growth. So, company-wide we’re seeing growth. It's just we’re sitting in an environment right now for obvious reasons that we’ve talked about already why the volume is not where it has been traditionally.
Jay Adair: Well, we’ve talked about that before. I mean, the index we don't ignore the index. We don’t ignore the Manheim index. And we realize if there is a correlation there, but it's not an exact correlation. And we are sitting here today yes, scrap is down a little bit, it's almost flat for what it's down, especially you can say the scrap is one piece of the total value on a car and it's a smaller component of all the cars we sell. It's the major piece of the low end stuff. It's insignificant, it doesn't exist. It's insignificant on the parts cars or not as significant. It's completely doesn’t exist when you get into rebuilders they’re not looking at it at all. So, what we’re seeing internally is we’ve got marketing efforts that are bringing in new members every single month. I mean, the Ferrari example I gave you is a prime example of a member that's been on board three months and then steps into the market for a $300,000 plus unit. We are doing some phenomenal stuff on the marketing front to bring in members and make them aware of these cars and that's driving returns. So I think a piece of it is the Manheim index. I think the piece of it is the price of scrap, but I know for a fact that we're doing phenomenal stuff on the marketing side to generate higher returns. As long as we do that, and as long as we keep pushing that envelope, which we will in the next fiscal years, as we’re doing that we’re driving demand. This is the ultimate supply demand. We’re a middleman if there ever was one as a company. And so, we’re bringing in supply and we've got to outstrip that supply with demand. We’ve got to go out there and find more and more buyers for the product. And as long as we do that we’re going to keep pushing those average selling prices higher. With that said, we will always be subject to scrap prices. We will always be subject to used car pricing. So there’s a limit to what we can do, but I believe our efforts are big part of why you are seeing those ASPs so high.
Jay Adair: Fantastic. Old systems go. We anticipate starting the process of [rolling technology] in the next fiscal year and will be completed in calendar ‘13 with the vast majority of what is project Overdrive. Project Overdrive by the way is a fiscal ‘12, ‘13 and ‘14 project. It's a three year project. It comes at the end of those fiscal year. So by the end of calendar ‘13, which will be second quarter of fiscal ‘14, we will be finishing off the vast majority of that and then at the end of fiscal ‘14 we will be closing out Overdrive. That component of our strategy will come to an end. We are big on that at Copart. Our team is really big on change and delivering change within set timeframes. So we have to quantify what that change will be and then we have to set the time in which that change will be implemented. And that’s why I can tell you it's a three-year project, it's not like Overdrive some three or four or five or six or it kind of goes on, it's not that way at all. We’ve got set dates, we plan to implement on these dates right now. It's all systems go. They are working towards those dates. We are on-track for the budgets we've talked about in the past and for the timeframes we’ve talked in the past. So, they're doing a great job. We are excited about what they are doing.
Jay Adair: Yes. The current model that we are in right now is almost nine. I mean we want to bring the vehicle into our facility. We want to go through the process of receiving it, presenting it for sale, marketing the vehicle, and our experience has been doing that offsite is very limited. So, having access to the vehicle, having it on our facilities, at our facilities, is part and parcel. It's not just the marketing, there's a logistics piece. We break our company into three components. We’ve got a logistics company that moves all these vehicles in and out; we’ve got a technology company that markets and sells all these vehicles; and then we’ve got the landholding company that is storing all of these vehicles. And that component is huge to have the vehicle at our location, so that when the buyer buys the vehicle they know they don’t have to pick it up in three, four or five days. They can leave it there two, three, four weeks. They can set up with the purchase of eight other vehicles. They can run a nine car in and pick that vehicle up while they are picking up the other eight vehicles at seven other facilities or five other facilities. That’s all part and parcel to our product and what makes it tick. So, we do have an off-site product, we do sell some product off-site, but I don’t anticipate that that product will grow at the same pace as the product that we’ve got today where we bring cars in, market them, sell them, store them, we logistically work with the shipping companies and all the stuff that we do in that process.
Jay Adair: Well, in Canada, the acquisition we just made was a purchase of a company. I’d anticipate that the probability of acquiring companies is higher than the probability of greenfield in that market. But as you’ve seen in the U.S., we're quite capable of doing both. So, we will go into that market and continue to expand. At this moment, we need to build better network. We stepped into Canada and then a lot of things took place from ‘08 to today, and we’ve been working on our technology and you’re very familiar Craig with all the stuff we’ve been doing. So, we held off, but we’re not going to hold off anymore. We are now in the market and we will be looking to expand and furthering our coverage in that market to be more competitive.
Jay Adair: Alright. Thanks Augusta. Hey, we want to thank you all for coming to the call. We look forward to reporting our results on the fourth quarter. We will see you all at that conference call and we thank you again for your support and hope you have a great week. Thanks again. Bye-bye.
Will Franklin: Thank you, Jay and good morning everyone. Before we begin our comments I’d like to remind everyone on the call that our remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements concerning our views and trend in our business. These statements neither promises nor guarantees that are subject to certain risk and uncertainties that could cause the final results to differ substantially from those projected or implied by our statements and comment. These risks include trends and average selling prices for cars and other factors that can affect our gross margin. For more complete discussion of the risk that effect our business please review the management’s discussion and analysis and the risk factors contained in the 10-Q, 10-K and other SEC filings. Now I will provide a few brief comments of our financial performance in our third fiscal quarter. Yesterday we reported our results for the third quarter of our 2012 fiscal year. Consolidated revenue was $244.1 million compared to $236.8 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 3.1%. The growth in revenue was driven by higher revenue per car as unit sales volume was relatively flat due to the mild winter weather in United States and the lingering recession in the United Kingdom. The growth in revenue per car was driven by a moderate year-over-year increase in used car pricing and more importantly the change in our supplier mix. Non-insurance cars which on average command a higher average selling price than insurance cars comprised a larger portion of our total mix. In North America, the volume from non-insurance cars grew by almost 9% over the same quarter last year, and represented almost 21% of all cars sold during the quarter. The total number of purchased units sold decreased by 9.3% as we continue to migrate contracts in UK from the principal model to the agency model. In UK purchased cars represented 29% of the total volume for the quarter compared to 36% from the same quarter last year. The yard and fleet expenses remained relatively flat consistent with the volume of cars sold. Our gross margin grew from $108.9 million to $115.3 million or 5.9%. General and administrative costs excluding depreciation were $23.6 million compared to $24.8 million for the same quarter last year. Decline was due primarily to the reduced cost associated with the transition of our headquarters to Dallas. Our operating income increased from $82 million to $87.9 million or 7.2%. And our diluted earnings per share increased from $0.35 to $0.43 per share or almost 23%. Our gross margin percentage increased by 120 basis points while operating margin percentage increased by 130 basis points from same quarter last year, reflecting the beneficial impact of processing more in non-insurance cars. Our EBITDA measured in the classable fashion exceeded $100 million in the quarter or the first time, and EBITDA margin was over 41%. We ended the quarter with $207 million in cash, accounts receivable on vehicle [tolling] cost decline on sequential basis as we sold off winter inventory. During the quarter we generated almost $107 million in operating cash flow, as net income and non-cash expenses generated almost $73 million in cash, the remainder is coming from the [movement] of balance sheet that we sold off winter inventory. We expanded $13.7 million for capital assets in no open markets share repurchases, however, we did repurchase 86,000 shares in connection with our net settlement program which allows those that exercise options to surrender shares and payment of the option stock price and income tax. At the end of the quarter we have approximately 51 million shares remaining in our share repurchase authorization. That concludes my remarks; I’ll now turn the call back over to Jay Adair to add further comments for the quarter. Thank you, Jay.
Will Franklin: Yes. It probably looks like it will be at the end of calendar ‘13, which would be the beginning of fiscal ‘14.
Will Franklin: We think the total moves will be about $5 million and we spent about $3.5 million so far. Of course, that final number is uncertain the number of people have finally moved and a couple of other factors, but I think that's fair for your modeling.
