Jayson Adair: Thank you, Chantelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first quarter conference call for Copart fiscal 2019. It's my pleasure this morning to turn it over to Jeff, who will go through the financials. We'll then come back to Will, who will give you an update on U.S. and international. And then, I will give you an update on what is happening in Germany, since there are a lot of changes going on there, and pass back to Jeff as well. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jayson Adair: Seven, okay. We've announced 7 locations, and we will end up announcing 12 by the time we're done. I would argue, we've got enough of a network now, we can handle cars. So we've got more than enough capacity. We can pick vehicles up quickly, and we're not picking them up economically yet, but we'll be there very soon. I'd say within 90 days, we'll have the economic right, that we'll be happy with what it's costing to get a vehicle picked up. The next step is the marketplace. So by acquiring all these vehicles, as Jeff said, we're getting a strong feel for what they're worth, so we can be even more competitive, buying more vehicles and making a spread on those vehicles. So that will improve, but what's more important than really buying vehicles and making a spread is that we're creating a marketplace where our customers, when they come to Copart, they're guaranteed to get that car. This isn't about going on a platform, and 1 out of 100 times I submit a bid, I end up getting the car because most of the time I'm outbid, I don't know it. And then when I am a high bidder, the insured decides not to sell it to me because they flip it through the dealer to somebody else through adverse selection. So this is a sure thing, guaranteeing that when I bid on Copart, I will get the car. All of our auctions, or I should say, the majority of the cars that we're selling at auction are not on reserve, so there are no reserve auctions. So if you bid, you own it. So that has been our focus. Our focus has not been on getting insurance companies to come on board yet because it's about building the network, it's about building the logistics, it's about having the marketplace where buyers are coming every single day and finding product and buying that product. And by doing all that, through our people and our technology, we'll then go to the insurance companies and show them our spreads, very similar to what I said in my opening comments that we're going to show them the spreads we're making and say, why aren't you just processing it this way instead of doing it through the platforms? Additionally, as Jeff said, and this is one of the biggest parts for me, it's not only that we think there's money being left on the table [joining an] [ph] efficient marketplace, and that's why they list -- literally, there are major insurers that list on all three of the major platforms because they'll get different bids through the platforms. So that piece is important. But to me, what's more important is that you're -- in Germany, you are telling the insured that your vehicle is worth €30,000 prior to the accident, and it's now worth €10,000 after the accident. And you're giving them a check with €20,000 and telling them to dispose of the vehicle through a buyer that they have no idea what the process is. So not only do they have the option of selling to that buyer, but then they've got someone that is at the shop or maybe the vehicle is at their home, and they've got a adjustor that's talking to them and they're an appraiser and they're working all these to figure out who should I sell the vehicle to in the end and have to deal with that. So it clearly is our belief that if they're given a check for €30,000 and the vehicle is picked up and disposed of, and they never have to deal with it, it's a far superior customer experience from the insurance company's perspective and from the insured's perspective.
Jayson Adair: Yes. We have a few, let's say, three, maybe four customers that are really starting to utilize the website now to sell vehicles, but it's not in any way material yet. They're more wanting to try to recover bad vehicles, some hail-damaged vehicles, et cetera, to dispose of those vehicles. And there's a transformation that has to take place where they're not just dealing with inventory that they're stuck with in the sense of recovering [bad] [ph], hail damaged, but that they actually say that this is the process going forward. And again, I can't -- I really can't state it enough, Jeff and I and the rest of the team have been making a number of trips to Germany in the last 6 months, and I can't tell you how confident I am that we're going to see insurers that will switch their process. It's just -- the numbers don't lie. When you look at the returns we're getting on vehicles and you see the amount of times that the insured sells the vehicle somewhere other than the platform, those two combined plus the experience for the customer, I think you're going to see in the next six months some customers switching their process and converting to Copart and the Copart model.
Jayson Adair: Yes. Gary, we're just in the process right now of preparing the data to share it. So our approach has been very simple. We felt without a marketplace and without a network, we couldn't offer an insurer the vehicle and unit our service and then have to tow it 6 hours north at the Hanover. So we've got the network now. We've got results of the auctions that we can share. And it's really about sharing our data in the next 90 days. And one of the most compelling parts of this to me is, yes, we're making a spread, you can see that, and that's great. But one of the most compelling parts is the fact that the -- when they're a high bidder on one of the platforms, when a buyer is a high bidder on one of the platforms, and that high bidder that's given to the insured, that the majority of the time, the insured doesn't sell it to them. But there's a whole secondary auction that's taking place. That's the problem. And the platform price is the number that the insurance company uses. So that's the number that they're saying, okay, your car is worth 10 grand. It was 30 before the accident. Here's a check for 20, and this buyer will buy it off you. And then the majority of the time, the insured does not sell it to that buyer. Instead, they go out into the secondary market through people that work at the BMW dealership that's doing the repair, through other sources. They're going out because we came out to them. And it's not too hard in Germany, we figured that out. It's not too hard in Germany to figure out where a damaged -- obviously, in the U.S., I give the example. It's not too hard to figure out where a damaged Ferrari is in Dallas. There is not that many dealerships. When you get into Germany, it's not that hard to figure out where a damaged BMW or a Mercedes is in Munich, and so you can make phone calls and talk to them, or you even have a route where you just walk into the dealerships and you look at the salvaged and they put you in touch with the insurance and you're buying that product off of them for more than the platform bid. So this is really about showing the insurance guy it's not only a better service for the insured, but it's about showing them that there's this whole secondary auction, it's an inefficient marketplace. And the biggest frustration, we talked to our buyers, why do they love Copart so much, the biggest frustration is they bid on the platforms and the majority of the time, they don't get the car. They bid on Copart, 100% of the time, they get the car. And that allows a buyer to know exactly what they're going to repair. If they need parts, they've got the parts. If they're going to do a rebuild, they've got the vehicle for rebuild. And then, they can store it at Copart for the next two weeks while they build to run and send a truck out to pick 9 cars up and haul them back to Poland. So that really -- the benefits there are really obvious, and it's just about us in the next 90 days articulating that now to customers.
Jayson Adair: All right. Thanks, Chantelle. Thank you, everyone, for attending the first quarter call for Copart, and we look forward to reporting on next year, and wish you all a happy Thanksgiving.
Jeffrey Liaw: The consumer, Craig, I would argue, is a participant today in the total loss process, as you heard us just describe. The insurance carrier provides them with the indemnification payment for their loss then hands them the details of an offer provided by a third party. It's then the consumer's responsibility to orchestrate that subsequent sale of the car to that winning bidder from the listing service. So if anything, in Germany today, the consumer is arguably too involved in that process. You can imagine you're trying to orchestrate the sale of a one-off vehicle from your home or from a repair shop to an individual you have never known in the past and will never see again in the future, may in fact even be picking up a car from a foreign country, is a complicated endeavor. I don't think that Copart's branding among consumers is essential in Germany. I think building our network and building our credibility with insurance companies and certainly with buyers, which I think you know we already have tremendous credibility with the international buyer base, that's much more important than winning the hearts and minds of consumers individually.
Jeffrey Liaw: That's frankly hard to quantify, Craig, in part because for every car that it does experience a severe accident, like the carriers, generally speaking, will list the car on multiple services, WOM or Wreck Online Marketplace, the business I described a few moments ago, is certainly one of the handful of clear market leaders. So our market share position I described is strong without being able to quantify it.
Jeffrey Liaw: It turns over reasonably quickly. There the titling process is certainly not more complicated than it is in the U.S., for example, so the turnover isn't a challenge per se. The economics -- I think the punchline is that we have been able to buy the cars on these listing services subject to the same adverse selection problems I just described for the marketplace broadly, then turn and sell them to Copart Germany and earn positive profits in the process of doing so. I think the sample size at this point is probably not large enough to provide a deeper -- a very detailed unit economic P&L picture. The punchline is we are able to make money. It's evidence then that the current listing service model is inefficient and costing carriers and policyholders more than it should.
Jeffrey Liaw: Thanks, Stephanie. I think as you know, we tend not to grant any forward-looking guidance on any aspect of our P&L, revenue costs or otherwise. But in short, I think you can tell from this description today that we have made real strides in Germany but still have meaningful growth aspirations from here as well. So certainly, our hope is that we are investing much more capital because that's a reflection then of ongoing growth in the business. I don't think we're prepared to quantify that or any point there. As to your second question about any resistance from insurance carriers, I don't think there is a lack of willingness or interest. I think the point is that our model, like the one in Germany, has evolved for a reason. And there are tax and regulatory and commercial practices that have been long-standing in Germany. This is a rather different model, I think, very clearly superior, but it certainly will take time to prove to them. As Jay was describing, unit price for car purchase [indiscernible] but the economics are overwhelming. And so there's no resistance per se. I'd say strong interest, strong curiosity in our model.
Jeffrey Liaw: We haven't seen any indication that they are, that they have the desire. And I think we have a fairly strong belief that they wouldn't have the ability regardless. So recall that a majority of the buyers at Copart Germany today are international, so that's on the back of Copart's global reputation, on the back of Copart's already established international buyer base. If somebody tried to replicate that from scratch solely for the purposes of having a more active listing service in Germany, I think that would be a tall order. So no, there's no indication that they have endeavored to do so and [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Liaw: I think we - you saw from the disruption a couple of years ago and a year ago, currency fluctuations, that certainly affects our business, as you know, in multiple ways. And so when the pound is weaker, the earnings reflect our P&L at a much lower U.S. dollar rate. That said, I think Brexit clearly remains very much TBD as the portion of cars that are sold outside of the U.K. are disposed of [indiscernible]. So there are cars in the U.K. that go to other places within Europe and probably beyond Europe as well. We expect trade to continue of those cars. Under precisely what tariffs and under what regime will ultimately emerge, I think, remains to be seen.
Jeffrey Liaw: Well, I mean, - a handful of customers who are consigning cars to us, but still, the strong majority of the cars sold in Copart Germany today are cars purchased on our listing service.
Jeffrey Liaw: I think the buyers are ultimately somewhat similar because they are from outside of Germany. So some of the countries that are meaningful buyers, even of Copart U.S. cars today have become the buyers of Copart Germany vehicles as well. They are no doubt dismantling a portion of the cars for parts and are no doubt rebuilding a good number of them as they put back on the road as well.
Jeffrey Liaw: It can. So each segment that we talked about has its own profile, its own characteristics. So while you might make a sense about a quicker cycle time overall, some segments are actually a slower cycle time. But in general, you're right. It has a - as a group, a quicker cycle time, and therefore, increases the velocity of our yards, improves the utility of our land.
Jeffrey Liaw: So let me tackle those questions individually. First is your question as to the rest of Western Europe. It's certainly the case that we're building the muscle memory now to understand how to roll out in a market with some of the nuances and its own refinements. Certainly, our ability to succeed in Germany will inform our approaches in other countries. So there's -- there will be additional work to be done, so it's not simply replicating the next morning and staying in France or otherwise. But I think we have -- we will have enhanced our capabilities and enhance our reputation, and the friction should be lower for the next iterations of this approach. As for the profitability of the model, I'd first note that given the principal nature of it, I suppose, if you want to literally talk about the math on a -- because they're principal cars, they are clearly dilutive to the margin rates both on the gross line and the operating profit line. As for how the balance of it will evolve over time, I think we just have to be patient and see in future quarters. We're not in a position to provide a forecast.
Jeffrey Liaw: We haven't. We characterize it as substantially larger than the U.K. market. For example, just by comparison, I think if you look at the metrics, whether it's population, GDP per capita, GDP, et cetera, I think we believe it's meaningfully larger than the U.K. And we view the Western European market collectively as being similar or larger than the U.S.
Jeffrey Liaw: Right. Directionally, probably a little bit higher because -- simply because the scrap cars are sold in the States. So a local car that's going to be melted down pretty much right away will be sold within a pretty narrow radius location of the yard. And so simply by virtue of dealer cars generally not being melted down, there's probably a higher mix that go in export, but I don't think the difference would be dramatic.
William Franklin: Not really. It may have moderated slightly. But given the difficulty in getting land, we really haven't reduced our efforts in expansion in any meaningful manner. And these trends, we try not to react for quarterly changes in trends. We think that in the long run that we're going to see increases in total loss frequency just because of all the dynamics that you all heard about, pre and post-repair expansions of scans and -- or complex cars and younger cars, all that intuitively leads us to the conclusion that total loss frequency will continue to fall.
William Franklin: We kind of gave that. I mean, international is up 14% and U.S. is up 10.4%, so there was growth internationally.
William Franklin: Well, we don't predict. We've been looking backwards and say that our average volume growth rate over the last 17 quarters has been 10%. And then, there will be natural fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. We really don't see influences change significantly that have driven that thus far, so we think it's going to be in that range.
William Franklin: Sure. Our finance companies, which includes banks and leasing companies, was up 11%. Wholesalers, up 4%. Rental car companies was up 30%. And fleet and industrial equipment companies were up 77%.
William Franklin: Certainly, some are appropriate for the export market, but I would say that the -- without knowing exactly -- without looking it up, I wouldn't think it'd be too materially different than our normal export percentages. So 35% is probably an appropriate expectation.
