John North: Thanks. During today's call, we'll discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which include adjustments to reverse the effect of certain discrete income tax items, foreign currency-related gains, certain income tax benefits and payroll taxes related to accounting for stock option exercises.  We've provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures on our Investor Relations website and in our press release issued yesterday. We believe these non-GAAP measures together with our corresponding GAAP measures are relevant in assessing our business trends and performance. In addition, our comments today include forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including management's current views with respect to trends, opportunities and uncertainties in our markets, including with the COVID-19 pandemic. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. For more detail on the risks associated with our business, we refer you to the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31st, 2020 and each of our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements are made as of today and we have no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. And now that the disclaimer is out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
John North: Thanks Jeff and good morning everybody. I'll make a few brief comments on our operational results to provide a little more color and then we'll open it up for some questions. Global revenue increased $41.9 million or 7.3%, including a $2.2 million benefit due to currency. Global service revenue increased $22.6 million or 4.4% primarily due to higher ASPs. The US service revenue grew 4% and international experienced an increase of 7.2%. Purchased vehicle sales increased $19.3 million or 29.7% due to higher ASPs and increased volumes, partially offset by lower international volumes. US purchased vehicle revenue was up 48.3% over the prior year and international grew by 7.5%. As a result, purchased vehicle gross profit, defined as vehicle sales less cost of vehicle sales, increased by $3.6 million overall. Global gross profit increased by $47.6 million or 18.3%. And our gross margin percentage improved by approximately 160 basis points to 49.8%. US margins improved from 47.6% to 52.2% and international margins increased from 32.8% to 37.6%. Both segments margin was driven primarily through increased ASPs, but was partially offset due to volume declines over fixed cost components, leading to higher cost per unit processed. I'll now move to the discussion of G&A excluding stock compensation and depreciation expenses. We continue to believe that we can achieve additional operating leverage over the long-term and we encourage you to review trend lines rather than a single quarter metric for a more accurate view of the business, particularly given the impact of COVID. With that said, our G&A spend was down $3.2 million from $39.2 million a year ago to $36.0 million in 2021. As a result, our GAAP operating income increased by 23% from $209.9 million to $258.2 million. We delivered over 500 basis points of operating margin improvement due to revenue growth from strong fees, outpacing the impact of a lower absolute volume of vehicles, while controlling G&A costs. Net interest expense increased $400,000 or 8.6% year-over-year, due to reduced interest income on collected cash balances given the current interest rate environment and an increased issuance cost and unused line of credit fees due to the -- by 2020 revolver upsizing and amendment. Q2 income tax expense was $59 million at a 23.4 effective tax rate, reflecting a $2.2 million benefit to size of employee stock options, which has been adjusted out for purposes of non-GAAP earnings included in our earnings release. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate would have been 24.2%. In summary, GAAP net income increased 14.7% from $168.7 million last year to $193.4 million this year. Adjusted to remove the effects of currency and the tax benefit on the exercise of stock options, non-GAAP net income increased 24.8% from $153.5 million last year, to $191.5 million in the first quarter of 2021 -- in the second quarter 2021, excuse me. For the first six months of fiscal 2021, GAAP net income increased to $393.7 million. And non-GAAP net income increased 23.0% to $379.8 million. Now to briefly update our liquidity and cash flow highlights, as of January 31, 2021, we had $1.6 billion of liquidity, comprised of $616.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, and an undrawn revolving credit facility with capacity of over $1 billion. This is an increase of $138.7 million over July 31, 2020. Operating cash flow for the quarter decreased modestly by $10 million, year-over-year to $134.5 million, primarily driven by working capital changes. Sequentially, operating cash flow decreased $124 million from the first quarter of 2021, due to seasonal factors that should reverse later in the year. We invested $136.1 million in capital expenditures for the quarter, and 85% of this amount was attributable to capacity expansion. This investment continues to ensure adequate capacity, for additional business and creates an economic vote to potential market entrance, given the difficulty in-sourcing appropriately zoned facilities. In conclusion, our conservative capital structure and strong and durable growth enable us to continue to make decisions for long-term interest to both, our customers and our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Victor, we're happy to open it up for some questions.
John North: Well, our insurance ASPs are up in ARPU. We're probably completing a few things there, Chris. So if you start – let's just state ASPs, which are not revenue for us, right? And there, the insurance selling went up 36%. Dealer prices also went up. They didn't go up 36%, right? So that is a quite headwind relative to the overall 36%. That is offset by the mix shift benefits of those dealer cars. We did, as we noted during the prepared remarks, see a decline in sureties and wholesaler volumes to some extent. And that is also, frankly, ASP supportive by itself, right, because they are lower-value cars that are declining as a share of the overall mix.
John North: Chris, this is John. Just to jump in. The number was 22% of total volume in the quarter, not – I said approximately 20%. It's 22%.
Jeff Liaw: It's a great and very thorny question you raised. So I mentioned used car prices. I would use my track carefully as well. So if you -- let's separate a bunch of different variables at the same -- start with the used car prices, used car prices being high, by itself, would lead to fewer cars being totaled. To the extent that it helps to bring salvage auction values up, that can then increase total loss frequency to some extent as well. But your question really is to what extent are today's auction returns, being incorporated by insurance companies, into their total loss decisions. And I think the answer is partially, so. But I don't think, broadly speaking, folks have fully accounted for today's auction returns in terms of the total loss frequency. You've seen the uptick in total loss frequency, but it's in the 1% kind of range. I think if and when these prices prove durable, I think we would see total loss frequency up meaningfully still.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think the – we have the good benefit, Bob, in some respects of having been wired for disruptions like this even before we could expect them, meaning we have been an online-only auction platform, as you know, since 2003, so we didn't have to figure it out on the fly. We have been a global online auction house for literally decades. So that's been the single biggest help during the pandemic. Otherwise, we certainly had to make real-time accommodations to a number of our customers who have their own evolving workflows that now – they now wish to send fewer people to physical locations and so forth. So we have to find ways to accommodate that workflow and some mix of – through some mix of business process and technology deployments on our part to keep our own people safe and to reduce density in our facilities. We've deployed tools that help our members, our employees and our sellers reduce congestion. So they can go to the facilities at the right times and wait in their cars instead of coming into the facility and waiting in line physically. We certainly had to accommodate work-from-home arrangements for folks who have been quarantined, exposed or in high case count areas, where the restrictions are more severe. But by and large, we have, I'd say, much more business as usual in actionable practice than not in part because we had already been a digital business beforehand.
Jeff Liaw: Incredibly open-ended question and probably a longer discussion than we can handle today, but we're certainly excited about our core business being the – I think you were citing our incumbent market, specifically. But in the US, I think we believe that, that rising total loss frequency is a huge opportunity for us, not just as the passive beneficiaries of it, but because we affect those results to some extent through our auction technology, our member recruitments. Building that global liquidity base is everything. And as we drive returns upwards, we can for our customers continue to achieve better returns and therefore, earn the right to sell still more of those cars. So bringing us back to the total loss frequency thesis you described a moment ago. Therefore, also, we can continue to grow our business in the non-insurance realms as well, including among automotive dealers. As our auction values rise as sort of liquidity grows and builds upon itself, we are the right outlet for [little more whole] [ph] cars as well. And that also is a large and substantial opportunity for us here in the US.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. The observation was more – a part that in the height of the pandemic, which I think of as the – the pandemic uncertainty, perhaps the spring and summer of 2020, and also compounded then by many of our buyer currencies having - relative to the US dollar. We've seen -- and these are all in small percentage point changes definitely to be fair. These aren't titanic shifts of any sort. But we've seen their buying power compressed by virtue of their currencies. Now sitting here in – after this quarter, we've now seen international buyers purchasing the most cars on a percentage basis relative to our total units sold that they have bought since before pre – since pre-pandemic levels. So I think it's a reflection of ongoing demand, more the 40-year trends, more that our [rect] [ph] cars are incredibly valuable as drivable cars to many other countries around the world. So I think that's really the phenomenon as you note, supported by our marketing and technology efforts to build upon that buyer base.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. In Germany, I think, the economic thesis, which we described at great length in a couple of calls in 2019 – or fiscal 2019, so certainly we would direct other – direct others to go there. I know you've read it carefully. But the underlying thesis is that the status quo today is a disservice to insurance carriers and to their policyholders both – both in economic terms and experiential ones. And at the Copart auction model, which we have deployed, as you know, at great scale in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Brazil and elsewhere. It generates better economic outcomes for everyone involved and better experiential outcomes as well. Our experience there, including during the pandemic, has done nothing, but reinforced that. We are – as noted a few calls ago, we are selling consigned vehicles on behalf of a number of the top insurance carriers in Germany. We are continuing to invest in our technology, our land, our people, our marketing efforts. Ultimately, we think it is our business process, our global buyer base and our technology which will ultimately allow us to prevail. We have the roles. We are incredibly excited. As you might imagine, the pandemic itself is an interesting catalyst. It is -- it shakes up the status quo to some extent. But in other respects, it also can rest – meetings that otherwise might have happened in working sessions and so forth with insurance carriers. But the underlying thesis is as strong as ever. Our results -- our auction results there continue to demonstrate a superior outcome relative to the status quo, which ultimately benefits the insurance carriers and benefits the policyholders as well because they don't have an owner-retained rect vehicle and ultimately, because this will drive insurance rates down as well.
Jeff Liaw: It does partially, but only partially. So a minority of that would be explained by additional services. We do think we offer the best suite of seller services in the business, including the loan payoff tool you mentioned a moment ago various title services and the like. But the majority of what I think you're calling ARPU growth, which is the comparison of our revenue change relative to our units sold change, there is some principal mix in there as well. So principal mix can throw that math off in ways that overstate its economic importance, as you know. But that aside, it is principally driven by strong auction returns, which then, in turn, of course, generates higher revenue for Copart as well.
Jeff Liaw: I think as you might know, Craig, I think we are quite delighted to invest aggressively in innovation and to talk about it at great length, but principally with the actual audiences themselves, with the sellers and the members alike. But when it comes to building member confidence, to us, it is a matter of reducing friction as well. So ensuring a seamless auction platform participation for those buyers, whether it's from their desktop or from their phones, increasingly, we are mobile-first as they are as well. So ensuring the frictionless experience for them in purchasing cars, paying for cars, registering as a member, et cetera. There are dozen scores of individual innovations that I won't cite in great detail here, the audience. But that is -- the principle of it is that, is that we want excellent visibility, excellent transparency and a frictionless experience from both the member and the seller side as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think it's a good question. And one reason we went ahead and proactively disclosed, because I think the intuition is fair that if dealer volume is up 10% year-over-year and the ASPs are higher than those of your insurance cars, to what extent is it contributing to ASP growth? And the answer is, yes, it contributes, but it's offset by other mix effects as well. So that US insurance ASPs are up 36% year-over-year, right? So, it is not, by and large, the story for ASP change year-over-year for this quarter. Over time, it certainly could have that effect as well. As you know, the total of our non-insurance business is in the order of the 20% kind of range. So, it won't. We will still be largely driven by insurance changes for the next X quarters and years. But over time, yes, they will continue to grow that dealer business and it will nudge our ASPs upward as well.
Jeff Liaw: On the first question, yes, is there some blip at some moment where somehow it is down slightly year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter when it -- suppose that's possible. But when I look at the 40-year trend line, which we mentioned a few moments ago, I think total loss frequency in 19 -- get my date straight, 1980 was 4% or so. And 40 years later, its north of 20%. So, it's a five-fold increase in the past 40 years. I think that's an inexorable march to 30%, 40% and beyond. Whether there are near-term technical blips that caused it to change in a given quarter, I think it's totally plausible, but I think the 40-year trend is unassailable. To your other question about miles driven, unfortunately, I think we see tons of data. So I think since November, we have tons of data. I'm not sure we have tons of incremental insight there beyond what you and others would cite as well in the EIA’s data, Google, Apple, INRIX, et cetera. We study those same trends. And I think underlying them are all the same questions about proliferation of the vaccine, when the kids go back to school, when leisure travel resumes, air travel resumes. I think they are so many variables that are upstream of that question, even driving activity to say nothing of Copart volume, that it's somewhat speculation on our part to give you any kind of number or even a range.  That said, I think we are preparing ourselves. And when it comes to our business, investing in technology and in land for a growth -- ultimate growth environment, I don't know if that's coming in six months or more. That remains to be seen. But I think we are prepared for it.
Jeff Liaw: I think the answer is similar that, in that, where we have very substantial liquidity as we do here in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, U.K., et cetera, we are, therefore, a very attractive platform for other non-insurance cars as well. So I think your hypothesis is fair and accurate.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. You are correct that the logistics are the responsibility of the buyer. I think the disruptions were more severe, frankly, in the middle of last year than they are now. But that has weighed, to some extent, on those international buyers. And that -- the reason for sharing that context is that, against that backdrop, they are now at pre-pandemic levels in terms of the share of cars they're actually purchasing in the international markets. So I don't -- anything I can share with you would just be anecdotal, by and large, based on what we've heard from our members. I gather it's a condition today, but not a major one.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think, based on what we can tell from publicly available information for other dealer auction platforms, yes. We are outgrowing other participants in the industry. I would describe our practices during the pandemic as largely a continuation of our trends. We have a terrific internal sales team that pursues those dealers. I think we have benefited from having been this online auction platform, global auction platform forever. So if the right buyer for your car is 10 miles away, he or she will own it. If the right buyer for your car is in Poland or Nigeria, he or she will own it. So that global marketplace, I think, has been our most important tool in our belt, when it comes to winning those dealer accounts. It is not per se a major strategic shift. But because we were online throughout, there are certainly other participants in the industry who are more accustomed to physical auctions or hybrid auctions, et cetera. And we have been certainly relatively less disrupted than some of them.
Jeff Liaw: That direct comparison is harder for us to comment on, Gary. I think your general observation is fair, though, that – I agree, as our overall pool vehicles evolves over time, if you just took a picture of what a Copart car looked like in 1990 versus what a Copart – the median Copart car looks like in 2020, the car in 1990 was much more heavily wrecked, physically speaking, right? Cars were more readily repairable than they are today. And today, if a couple of sensors are knocked out, then the cars can be totaled much more readily in part because the returns are better on the back end as well. And therefore, the overall pool of the liquidity has evolved as well. And more and more whole cars are directly addressable by our buyer base as well. So to your overall question, yes, we are being up the value chain.
Jeff Liaw: Thanks, Ryan. Insightful questions, some we can address more transparently than others. In short, the – in short, we certainly believe that the – as total loss frequency rises, as the character of the vehicles that we sell changes and that pool of liquidity evolves over time, but yes, still more of transacted vehicles become addressable through Copart's platform in short. As for the profitability or the mix thereof, the dealers are not the majority of it, but a very important portion of our non-insurance business, of course, that business is profitable to us. We won't comment on relative fees paid by our customers, in part because the services we provide them also vary greatly as well. But it is a profitable business for us. It is important to us. It also, as I noted in the prepared remarks, also helps us serve insurance customers better as well. They are all mutually supportive of one another because of the liquidity phenomenon. When we win that dealer car, it attracts still more buyers who have been on insurance cars and vice-versa. And so as we total -- as we help insurance carriers, total cars that are more and more marginal from their point of view, that also attracts more buyers, which also, therefore, attracts more dealer cars as well as those other sources that you may have in mind.
Jeff Liaw: It's a fair question. I have to confess, despite having grown up here, to not have tremendous experience with Texas snowstorms to be fair. So I think we'll see how this unfolds over the course of the next few weeks. Typically, the major challenge in flooding, the major rainstorms and windstorms is that cars are stranded in all kinds of different places that require very urgent pickups. I think in this -- we have seen certainly reduced driving activity. This is pandemic effects turbo charge still in terms of driving activity and such. But we are deploying many of our resources to address this question. Many of our owned, company-owned trucks, our people who are on -- like this, we're deploying as well. So I don't know what the ultimate financial impact will be. But we're, I think, well-prepared to handle it regardless.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Well, thank you for joining us for the second quarter call. We look forward to talking to you in a few months. Thanks, everyone.
