A. Jayson Adair: Thank you, Elizabeth. Well good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter call. As many of you know, we have a process where I'll turn it over to Will to go through a brief disclosure and then update for comments financially and then turn it back to me. I'll go through my comments, and then we'll open it up for Q&A. So with that, it's my pleasure to introduce Will Franklin.
A. Jayson Adair: I had cautioned giving that kind of view on it. I would say this, our expectations are that the margins will be similar to the margins of Copart, so that we'll convert that revenue to a historical Copart margin, not what you're currently seeing.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, there are opportunities out there. I won't talk specifically to them. And we will make some acquisitions in the year ahead, but our focus this year will be clearly on completing integration of QCSA, completing the migration from California that will be completely done this year, this fiscal year. So we've got some technologists that will be moving out in the next couple of quarters. And so, really, fiscal '14, if you will, will be very much focused on fully integrating and completing the move. I think we talked about Project Overdrive a couple of years ago and completing Project Overdrive, which is the move to Texas and a number of moves in addition to that and then completing QCSA and implementing new technology, the website, the mobile platform and then an internal system that we're implementing as well. So we want to get all those done, and then we'll get, I would say, more aggressive on the acquisition front.
A. Jayson Adair: I would also -- Bill, I'd just comment on technology, where we are in the middle. We've talked about it before, we try not to keep bringing up the same points over and over, but we are in the process of making some major technology changes. So we do have duplicate costs today with technology that won't exist in years ahead.
A. Jayson Adair: Well half a dozen on the salvage front and then there's another 6, 7, 8 facilities on our DVAA side. So you have to add both those together. So it'd be somewhere around a dozen, 14, 15, somewhere in that range. We have not completed the integration plan yet. As I said, we're not going to be implementing that plan until Q2. So we haven't completed it. We haven't made a decision, but I would say somewhere between 12 and 15 stores is where we'll end up.
A. Jayson Adair: We're making a little a calculation on the fly here. Over here we're punching the calculator on the call.
A. Jayson Adair: When I started, it was about 10%. And today, it's over 15% and, as Will just stated it, part of that is we're seeing a different return on salvage today than we did 20 years ago when it was just live auction. Now with the advent of the Internet and that, so -- and, of course, with the advent of repair cost, with the advent of safety, airbags and all those types of safety elements, they raised the repair cost. So my instincts are the trend is up, not down. That might help you. I don't know if it's going to end up at 20% or not, but my instincts are the number will continue to rise over time, not go down, just because all the elements from returns to cost of repair seem to be going in an upward direction.
A. Jayson Adair: We've always been consistent about not laying out when we're going to buy stock or not buy stock back. I think it's pretty obvious why we didn't buy stock back. With the acquisitions and the cash we used in the quarter and you can see how much cash we finished the quarter with -- 60-something million in cash. So we're not sitting with a -- we weren't sitting in a position without taking on more debt to bring out a lot of cash. And if you look in the last 1.5 years or 2 years, we've taken the debt from roughly $500 million to below $400 million, so we're slowly paying off the debt and I would say that being very pragmatic about when we want to buy stock back and using cash for buying companies when the opportunity exists.
A. Jayson Adair: I would say that it's very slight. The increase we were seeing is -- I wouldn't be too alarmed by that. Let's put it that way.
A. Jayson Adair: Well I'll let Will talk to the numbers. With respect to adopting the same process, we are -- there are some things that we're adopting in Quad Cities, but I don't think they add expense. There are some coating changes that we'll be making and then they exist in our process forever going forward. And then there is some operational process that has nothing to do with technology that we'll be adopting. So I don't see anything there that's an issue, but yes, the technology -- first of all, 2 things, and then Will can talk to the numbers. The technology change has been a big undertaking. We're talking about brand new operating system, brand new mobile platform, brand new website. We do 100% of our business online. We're 100% web- and mobile-transacted company. So we're talking about major changes, but with that said, they've taken longer than what we expected them to take. And candidly, they've talked -- they've cost more than we thought they would cost, so we're dealing with that and we're going to get that dealt with. We're going to get that where it's completed and then we'll be ratcheting down expenses. So I doubt it'll happen in fiscal '14, but in fiscal '15, we expect to be seeing improvements in G&A and lowering costs because we've got a number of duplicate costs that exists on the technology front.
A. Jayson Adair: No, I really don't have a lot of comments on the REIT. We have an investor that did an analysis and came out with a report that said that they felt that the company could be a REIT from their analysis that they did on the outside, not looking at the inside of Copart. We hired advisors to come in and review our process and report that to the board. And the board felt that it didn't make sense to pursue becoming a REIT. And that's really all I've got to say about it.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, sure. Well the market share gains don't count Quad Cities. We talk about Quad Cities as an acquisition. So when we talk about market share gains, it's about gaining business organically across the country, which is separate from the fact that we believe the overall market is increasing in size right now. So I believe that have we not gained market share, we would have seen additional units coming in because the market is also increasing. The way we quantify that is by giving you the inventory number. We don't get into units, so we've told you that the inventory is built up and Will pointed out that, that excluded already on the -- pointed out that excluded Quad Cities, so that's a Copart-only piece. And then from a cost standpoint, Amy, we're hesitant to go out and tell you what we think we're going to generate. I gave earlier in the call that we believe we can achieve the same type of margin with the new business. We may achieve better than that because there's so many incremental units coming through, but I would rather under-promise than over-deliver as a company than have us say that we think we're going to achieve that. So we'll be happy if we can complete the integration and upon doing that, generate the same type of margin per unit as we do with Copart. That's our -- that's the position we're giving today.
A. Jayson Adair: All right. Thank you, all, for coming. I'll just -- just to reiterate because we did get a couple of questions on the call, I think, were duplicates, so I want to make sure there's no confusion. We will not be completing the integration in the quarter that we're in now, that will not be until Q2, that will not be completed until Q3, so you're going to see margin improvement in Q2 and Q3, and we don't anticipate to see improvement in the quarter that we're in today. So we look forward to reporting the first quarter to you pretty soon here as this is the fiscal year where you get to come back pretty quickly on the first quarter. Will and I look forward to doing that and then reporting the quarters throughout the year as we do make improvements in the integration of our companies. Again, thank you for coming on the call, and that concludes our call.
William E. Franklin: No, most of those have already flown through. It's primarily the inefficiencies that are associated with integration of QCSA and QCSA itself.
William E. Franklin: No, there's really been no change in the overall model. I mean, we've seen a little bit of costs to creep up in the cost process of cars. Tow costs have not come down after Sandy. And we've had a little bit of increase in the costs associated with title processing. The state of Georgia is now charging us $75 per car to convert a title from a clean title to a branded title. And so we're seeing a little bit of...
William E. Franklin: That's passed through. That's part of revenue, but it's passed through with cost basically. And so we're seeing a little bit of creep up in the cost to process a car. Other than that, there really has not been a fundamental change in the model. Our ASPs tend to fluctuate with used car pricing, commodity pricing. We tend to look at the Manheim index and there's a few indexes that we focus on for our commodity information. And that, as Jay said, that trend was trending down through July, and it seems to have come up a little bit in August and that's what we're seeing in our auction results.
William E. Franklin: Yes, I mentioned the costs associated with QCSA and the deals, and that was about $4 million, and so we would expect to rationalize most of that cost. Now the timing on that, like Jay said, will be during the course of this year and I wouldn't be specific about when that will come down. But I would expect most of that to disappear.
William E. Franklin: Very little in terms of margin. Let me get that number for you. They're about -- that's about less than $10 million of revenue.
William E. Franklin: Yes. Less than $1 million [indiscernible]. Less than $1 million revenue and very little gross margin
William E. Franklin: Well I think there's 2 elements to our inventory build. One is just we're processing more volume, and that's, I think, what Jay's talking about being predictable. If we contain this growth, then inventories will continue, obviously, to build. The other is the insurance companies have really not caught up after Sandy in their cycle time. So a part of the reason that inventory is built and I'd say it's less than 10% of that -- excuse me, less than half of it -- half of the 20% is due to the insurance companies delaying their cycle time, and they're starting to catch up now. So we're going to see, I think, inventories start to come down over the next few quarters. But on a year-over basis, I wouldn't see them coming below the 10% growth.
William E. Franklin: Well, I mean, I wouldn't know how to predict that. It's really -- it's the move of between a number of different variables: repair cost, used car pricing and auction results. And depending how those 3 elements move, that has an impact on your salvage frequency.
William E. Franklin: No, I mean, there's -- you mean the cost to process them? No. Jay alluded to the change in accounting treatment. So the way the accounting works is we actually recognize a loss every time we put a unit in our inventory.
William E. Franklin: Yes. No, it's not passed along. It's simply once you're finished, it's part of the total transaction. It's just a matter of timing when you recognize all the revenue and all of the expenses.
William E. Franklin: Yes, so we basically have 2 projects that we're pursuing at this point. One is the transitioning from in-sourcing our infrastructure and our supports to outsourcing that. So we've got 2 data centers; 1 in Reno and 1 in Las Vegas packed full of computers and servers. And we're in the process of outsourcing that, as well as the support that goes along with that -- the operation of the knock [ph]. With the other is the transition from our operating platform, which internally we call cast [ph] to ASP. So we track on a quarterly basis the extra cost we have that we wouldn't have but for that transition. And like Jay said, it is a continuing project and so we've stopped calling them out. But for last quarter, it was $1.9 million. We're going to have that transition cost throughout fiscal '14 and they should abate sometimes during '15.
William E. Franklin: I'm not sure of the differences. They'll generate operating profit margin in the second half. And so when you -- we called out their revenue in the press release, $11.2 million.
William E. Franklin: Well we bought them the end of May, so that's basically 2 parts [ph]. And again, in terms of optimal development contribution from Quad Cities, it's impossible to tell you. But I can tell you -- what we do know is if we had taken their volume and layered it over the Copart's model, simply added to -- it would have added at least $5 million of EBIT in the quarter. But we're not going to get all that. I was just saying if that was incremental volume of Copart, it'd be well over $5 million. So the ultimate yield on this acquisition is going to be somewhere between that and obviously where we were in the quarter for them, which was negative $3.5 million. And hopefully, we're much closer to Copart.
William E. Franklin: I think Q1 is going to be similar. I think we were really not going to see the benefit of what we have in place and what we're executing on now until, like Jay said, towards the end of Q2.
William E. Franklin: No, I can't quantify it because I don't know how the inventory will move. I can just give you in general terms when the inventory goes down, our margins go up. And that's simply because we recognize a little bit of the revenue associated with the total transaction upfront, but the majority of the costs, when I say upfront, I'm talking about when we put the car into inventory. Then 2 months later when the car's ultimately sold, we generate most of the revenue with a very little of cost. And that's just the way the accounting rules apply to our business.
William E. Franklin: No, I just think there's just fluctuations in the balance sheet that account for that. It's not too different. I think our operating cash flow and Q4 of last -- there's about $16 million difference in the operating cash flow year-over. And that's just -- ascribed to changes -- for example, we had a large growth in accounts receivable due to the QCSA acquisition. So it's simply moving the balance sheet.
