Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think that's a fair question, Bob. I'd say long-term, the unit economics of those vehicles should be at parity or better than the traditional cars Copart has sold. The average selling prices tend to be higher as well. And so I think that's the long-term answer. Near-term, of course, there is some upfront investments to support the growth there, some more infrastructure-like spending to build the platform in the first place. So I think that question is fair, that observation is fair.
Jeff Liaw: I think they would describe themselves as still being in the transitional stage. They started as a more regional company focused in particular on the central time zone and are expanding their footprint from there. As you know, it is primarily a virtual business or historically was exclusively a virtual business. So they built an incredible pure auction platform in their arena and have built the Purple Wave brand to become a meaningful presence in that space. So they are expanding geographically as we speak.
Jeff Liaw: Probably the candid answer is we don't know. This is just conjecture. But I think lower interest rates generally propagate more business activity period, right, the more purchase of new equipment, perhaps the trading in of old equipment. So I think lower interest rates will just lead to more -- just higher velocity activity period in the various spaces they serve. But as you know well, Bob, even to characterize their customers, their sellers, a single monolithic notion is not quite accurate. There's construction and agriculture and commercial construction versus residential. There's many, many nuances to all of the above. But in general, I think of low interest rates as being a catalyst for activity and activity, generally speaking, being a good thing for intermediaries like Purple Wave.
Jeff Liaw: Got it and a good question and a very nuanced one. What I would offer first is I think if you’re simply doing the arithmetic of saying its 200 basis points of [indiscernible] starting point of 20%, that’s 10% growth. I think for better or for worse those measures just aren't precise enough. You'll see the third parties that report them will even sometimes adjust those numbers in arrears. So they move around a fair bit and they don't match perfectly with the total loss volumes either if you just went back and did this exercise for 10 years. As to your observation about accident frequency perhaps declining, I think I would characterize that as having broadly been true for the past 50 years period. Accident frequency has always declined, certainly if you adjust for miles driven, a reflection of an ever safer car park, so you can imagine the big waves of innovation in the automotive space. In the mid-1970s, you saw anti-lock brakes arrive for the first time, which reduced crashes, in particular in winter time and with high precipitation conditions. Then the arrival of traction control and so forth in the years thereafter. Nowadays, autonomous braking, lane departure warning sensors are also reducing accident frequency. That's a longstanding trend. It has always been dwarfed on the other side by total loss frequency. So if accidents are down a little bit, total loss frequency is almost always outpaced that over any reasonable historical period. The one anomaly to that that I can remember, because I remember studying this a couple of years ago when we were talking about this topic then, was I want to say from memory 2013-'14, there was a 2, 3, 4-year period in which accident frequency per miles driven actually increased. And that, I think, was the adoption of smartphones and social media from while folks were driving, God forbid, but I think that was a catalyst then that has now been absorbed into the numbers. So I think we now see gradually declining accident frequency, but not a precipitous change, not a disruptive change of any kind, we would note.
Jeff Liaw: I think you summarized it well. It's us forward integrating, so to speak, into functions historically led by the insurance industry. And they had kept it because the touch points with their own policyholders, their own customers was viewed as a critical matter, but they trust us enough to handle that for them. They know that with the scale of the millions of vehicles we sell and the millions of titles we're processing, that we [indiscernible] have the more efficient business processes and software and bespoke software for this very narrow business case than any of them could have individually.
Jeff Liaw: Correct. Yes, time as well as fully burdened costs for their performing the function themselves. Imagine that Copart has a specialized department, and we do, led by a very capable, very longstanding leader here at Copart. And we do this, that group of folks does this full-time for a living and knows it cold. It's just easier to do that at the scale that we just talked about than it is for any individual insurance carrier, certainly the smaller ones, but also increasingly larger carriers as well than for them to staff. The people departments will leave this function on their own. If you ask any, if you ask the top 20 customers of Copart, what do you do best as an insurance company, you'll get answers ranging from underwriting to claims management to consumer advertising and marketing or what have you. Those are, and more frankly, investing the float too. Those are the core functions of an insurance company. I think you'd be pretty far down the list with any of them where they said title procurement is our bread and butter. That's where we distinguish ourselves. I think you hear that very rarely.
Jeff Liaw: It is certainly in the pitch book. It is perceived as. And so it had been, again, there are good reasons for insurance companies to want to keep this function in-house. I think the catalyst for change in recent years started with COVID-19 in part when insurance companies realized that hiring and retaining folks and managing them remotely and deploying laptops and remote call centers, et cetera, was increasingly complex, increasingly problematic, and not worth the squeeze. So they trusted us, they trialed the project with us, and I think we've delivered over and over again. I think it's a reflection of their trust in us in that regard.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. Fair question. And I think if history is any guide, I would say it is modestly negative in the sense that if folks either are uninsured altogether, or perhaps they have liability-only coverage to save money, and they have the abandoned collision and comprehensive, then there may be claims that previously their insurance carrier would have handled and therefore would have totaled the car through Copart that may lead them on the margin to trying to fix it, trying to patch it together or trying to drive a car that otherwise would have been total. I think if the financial crisis in '09, this is from memory or from research, frankly, but the downturn in '09 and since has shown very modest effect of this, almost an immeasurable one, but I think directionally speaking, that's what would happen.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think it's a combination of the [indiscernible]. It's competitive tension as well as institutional prioritization, right? That we will always have scarce resources and that is, those are the units that we are most willing to work on.
Jeff Liaw: Bret, we don't have that off the top of our head, but you're right. It is both organic growth as well as share capture.
Jeff Liaw: Very modest. So in the grand scheme of Copart's, relatively speaking, a rounding error. That said, the mobilizations weren't trivial. So this year with multiple storms, multiple named storms, we do mobilize trucks and people and such in anticipation of those storms. We don't have the luxury of waiting to see if it's real. We mobilize in advance because that's what we owe our customers. So we did have multiple mobilizations this year with trivial volume to show for it.
Jeff Liaw: One very narrow example, Bret, is the increased footprint that also has brought higher property tax bills, both literally with more acreage as well as rising property values around the country. So that's definitely in the P&L as well. As for the deleveraging, I think that largely is smoothed out over time. We don't have a huge bolus of yards opening at one moment in time. So as those -- as we encounter those facilities that have new management, new staff for which we don’t yet have a volume to fully absorb that we also have volume coming into yards that are more mature, more fully matured for which we are getting the operating leverage. So that [indiscernible] distortion, it's a small.
Jeff Liaw: Great. So as for those non-insurance sellers, the key dimensions would be our blue car volume. We think of that as institutional sellers like banks and rental car companies, corporate fleets, and dealers. So that's Copart dealer services at number two. Number three, cash for cars. So this is our consumer-facing business at Copart through which we buy cars from consumers. For example, those liability coverage-only consumers who end up with a wrecked car are looking for ways to dispose of them. All three are meaningful. We don't think we've disclosed precisely how much is each, but all three are substantial in the scheme of our non-insurance business. The one correction or one clarification I'd make to your inquiry about the buyer base is that we definitely don't think of it as a dedicated buyer base. We think of the buyer base as being very much an integrated one, and the importance of the crossover buyer underscores that point. So we often will have buyers arrive for the first time to look at a rental car that's six years old, a perfectly drivable vehicle, who then discovers that insurance cars nearby or perhaps not nearby fit the bill as well because they were hail cars or they're otherwise drivable or they have damage that doesn't affect at all the fundamentals of the vehicle as is. So those buyers end up buying cars from both sides. We find that to be the case far more than we find the case of the dedicated buyers you described. I would say the shared characteristic across all of these sellers is that the international buyers for Copart are very relevant. The international buyers, as you know probably from having followed us for a while, generally buy cars that are more valuable, in fact, much more valuable than the average car sold at Copart. And that is true, too, of the non-insurance vehicles. They are active participants both as buyers and as bidders, which of course drives liquidity and drives selling prices for Copart as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I'll acknowledge that's a good and reasonable substantive question. It's one we don't address on -- in forums like this one. We view ourselves as responsible long-term stewards of this business. We focus first and foremost on delivering value to our sellers, to our buyers and we trust that in the long run we'll also capture our appropriate share thereof. So we don't talk about fee schedules, I would encourage you to pursue that research through third parties.
