Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch a bit on the overall inflationary and cost environment that you're currently experiencing, and if you are in fact taking the impact of the hurricane out of the equation and thanks for quantifying the impact that you saw from that event.  But just looking at, 1, the dynamic that you called about on the last quarter was just operating deleverages inventory, the levels increase as well as somewhat newer dynamics that we've heard, whether it's higher towing costs, higher driving costs, you name it. So just want to walk through if you could what you're seeing from an inflationary standpoint and higher costs and then some levers that you might have in place to offset from those costs would be helpful. Thank you.
Stephanie Moore: Great. And then I guess maybe just talk a little bit about from an inventory standpoint. Do you find that given where inventory levels are particularly in the U.S., that you're seeing just as inventory builds just some operating leverage in the near-term as well as maybe some seasonality. Just trying to think through the dynamic that impacted the fourth quarter and if that continued into the first.
Stephanie Moore: Absolutely. Thank you. And then lastly for me, big picture, you put out a release in early November about a partnership with, I believe, Commerce Bank that just talked about some of the digital efforts that you have in place, rare. I feel like most of the time you don't advertise some of the investments and initiatives you have in place.  But maybe if you could talk about incremental investments that you're looking going forward, is it focused on improving cycle times, or what are areas where you find have the largest opportunities for improvement here just for continued investments? Thanks.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. In the cost categories you noticed, Stephanie, certainly, I think all participants in all economies worldwide are experiencing inflation, to some extent in the form of wages, towing expense, fuel, capital equipment, and the like. And certainly, we aren't immune to that either.  It's our job to manage that, to absorb it where necessary, to manage with productivity as we can, and to deliver the results. So it's -- we are seeing and experiencing those things. I would note that inflation, although certainly more pronounced today, it's not a brand new phenomenon.  For years, we've experienced very meaningful inflation in healthcare costs, for example, land has continued to grow in value, capital equipment, the loaders we buy, for example, are more expensive than they were 5 years or 10 years ago as well. So inflation is more pronounced today, but it's not a radically new phenomenon. So we do have experience in managing through that, with productivity being the most important long-term lever.
Jeff Liaw: Fair question and it's -- as you know Stephanie, we tend -- we run the business to deliver service per se trying to optimize any individual quarter months or units in our inventory. I think your observation about inventory growth and unit volume growth helping to absorb fixed or semi fixed costs is real.  There's also other noise in the system as you know from the inflation you just mentioned a moment ago, Hurricane Ida among other things. But yes, all else equal certainly unit volume growth on its own is near medium-term accretive to margins.
Jeff Liaw: Fair point. And Stephanie I'll talk perhaps in broader framework here. It's our job to serve our clients and, as you know, multiple types of clients starting with insurance companies, which still represent the strong majority of the units we sell. For them, they care a lot about speed and execution. They care about auction returns, they care about policyholder experience. And on all dimensions, we are investing.  There are different nuances to each, I think what you mentioned a moment ago about cycle times and the public notice you mentioned a moment ago about our partnership with Commerce Bank, for example, those are investments to address cycle times in particular for cars with outstanding liens on them, which also have derivative effects on the policyholder settlement timelines in some cases.  So we certainly are investing there. Lien holder cars are in particular some of the most challenging vehicles in terms of cycle times and we invest all the time in initiatives like that. But anyway, the point of all that was there are many dimensions to that and we invest across those dimensions as well.
Jeff Liaw: It does. A very perceptive question, Bob, as usual. I think your statement is accurate and the total loss frequency I think has been impaired, all else equal, because of our used car prices. And your question as to then what tips balance -- -- what tips to balance in the other direction? I think it is a combination of repair costs as well as rental car costs.  The repair pack, so to speak, for an insurance carrier is also onerous and expensive -- is onerous and expensive today, relative to what it was 2 years ago. I think there's also just the long-term secular trends in this direction. Anyway, Bob, as you know, which is the accident section and avoidance systems and the vehicle complexity, substrate mix change from steel to aluminum and carbon and the like, electric vehicles, etc.  I think those are all contributing to the net effect that total loss frequency is rising when this one variable in isolation would suggest that it shouldn't. Now, the other variable which is worth mentioning, Bob, is the it's the mix between the -- it's the tinge between the two as well in terms of what the used car prices are, but also our auction returns. Our auction returns are up I think more than pre -accident vehicle prices have been over that same period. So we have also helped to close that gap with the auction results as well.
Jeff Liaw: Many puts and takes on the question of land. So the business is growing, and has been growing for years. That by itself would necessitate more land not less. Cycle times have improved, but there's plenty of complexity in the ecosystem as well. So there are many examples, case studies, in which cycle times are increasing.  And today, arguably, the very strong used car prices are making lean settlements faster than they otherwise would be, relative to an environment in which you had a bunch of underwater loans, for example, Bob, as you know. And so I think in practice we will continue to invest in line for years to come, and probably very substantially.  That said, as you noted, overcapitalized, Bob, is more editorializing perhaps than I offer, but nonetheless I think the point there we have a very robust balance sheet today but the answer over the next 10 years is sure that we'll buy stock back as we always have from our share count ex the split that we have contracted the open market show party the shares outstanding over the years and we'll continue to do so.  That's a matter of timing and comparison to our relative investment options and land and otherwise. So we'll be good stewards of capital and return that via share buybacks at some point.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. And one technical clarification; when we said the growth rate, that was for our "international business " which includes Canada, Brazil, the UK, Finland, Spain, Germany, and the Middle East, so it's not just Europe alone. I think underlying your question, Craig, is what's happening in Spain and Germany and our growth markets in Europe, for example.  And there we've continued to experience very significant year-over-year growth. We continue to prove the economic model, if anything, the gap between the auction returns we generate at Copart auctions relative to the listing services we've talked about in the past, that gap is expanding still.  The economic proposition, I think, is becoming more compelling, not less. But what you're seeing in terms of the overall growth rate is for sure that the UK and Canada for that matter, and Brazil in certain areas have been more aggressive about COVID-19 countermeasures than the U.S. has.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, in some that we have. Where we do have liquid auction marketplaces we do -- we have pursued other sources of that volume, including dealers and otherwise. In Canada, in Brazil and the UK,  Middle East. In most places we do business as liquidity is -- comes in a hurry and the cars that we can sell that extend beyond total loss units from insurance carriers happen pretty quickly as well.
Jeff Liaw: A judgment call perhaps to make from where we sit. I'm not sitting in their rooms and understand their criteria. But certainly from our understanding of what constitutes true sustainability, I think our businesses should be at the very top of that list. I think that's a reasonable conclusion, Craig, but we don't spend a lot of energy with target list and trying to figure out who should own us and not. We trust this. We deliver the results long term economically and sustainability wise. And those questions will take care of themselves.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. Daniel, to your first question, the latter. So the U.S. dealer cars are being sold both to U.S. buyers and international buyers. Both are meaningful portions of the U.S. dealer buyer base. On your second question about the limit, that's -- there are dynamic circumstances. So as total loss frequency rises, as we win more dealer cars, we then can win more dealer cars.  So the logic is a little bit circular. But are we the absolute sweet spot for a perfectly intact $75,000 Audi today when it comes to liquidity? Perhaps not yes. I'd argue we can achieve a very strong result there too, but there are certainly many cars and an increasing number of cars for which we are the obvious answer.  I don't think we're yet the obvious answer for $75,000 Audis, but there's no ceiling per se. probably the same conceptually, Daniel, when folks ask what the ceiling for total loss frequency is? Can it get to 25%? Can it get to 30%? I think this is a dynamic picture and we will see that evolution over time, but there's no reason there's a hard asymptote.
Jeff Liaw: Correct. The combination of our land and our logistics and our planning is such that we are in position to serve our customers.
Jeff Liaw: I think it's not anywhere close to mature. I think if you compare, and we do this exercise internally some years ago, but if you compare long-term GDP growth rates and have that on one axis, on the other axis have vehicles per capita, the very fastest-growing economies in the world tend to be the ones with the fewest cars and vice versa The ones with the slowest growing economies have the most cars, let's say, U.S., Western Europe, Japan, for example.  And so there will be a 50 year trend of more of our used wrecked damaged vehicles moving overseas where they are meaningful contributors to economic and fiscal mobility there. That theme isn't going away anytime soon. As for tactically how we pursue individual countries, we do both.  So we are responsive when we see activity from countries that previously didn't buy and we'll invest in online and physical marketing in some cases, we will invest in fiscal resources on the ground there as well to cultivate that new buyer base. And in some cases, we're simply proactively identifying countries that fit the parameters. If, obviously, country X looks a whole lot like countries Y and Z that already buy a lot, let's go dip our toe there proactively even before we see actual buyer activity. So we give you both.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah. We've not deployed based support our business in markets in which we are facing the most pressure in terms of towing vehicles. So you're right that even when there are not active storms, we make good use those assets. Medium, long-term, I think there is -- there may well be an opportunity to invest further still here.  Historically we have done very well with the third-party contractor model. They tend to be very resourceful and productive. And it's a good alignment of interest as they want to grow and support their own businesses and to work productively for us. But that's all we're going to -- it's an evolving mix and one we continue to evaluate overtime.  During the catastrophic event, and certainly even -- and afterwards as well, we are certainly happy that we have those trucks and those drivers employed in-house. They have been very productive members of our team.
Jeff Liaw: Many of those cars are -- we have not yet sold the majority of the cars. So they're coming in -- many of them in the second quarter, and some no doubt will -- there be a tail that takes longer still than that.
Jeff Liaw: No, we don't break that out. And, Bret, the share commentary, I think, as you know, is along that comment product find in literally every earnings call. It's been true for a long time, the industry tends to move more slowly in terms of switching providers, but over the very long haul, we have generally speaking grown our share both in the insurance realm and certainly in the non-insurance as well. And that was true in this quarter as it was in the past 30 quarters as well.
Jeff Liaw: No, I think the long-term wins of history would suggest we move the other way that we migrate eventually from principal to a consignment basis. The principal business, for example in the UK, when we entered in 2007, was largely principal oriented and today we shifted a strong majority over to a consignment basis instead, which we think is a better long-term alignment of our incentives with those of our sellers.  As opposed to being principals to trade against them, we are on the same side rooting for the highest possible sale price for those cars. Now the realms in which we do have more principal activity tend to be places where we are less established as a known brand and a known quantity. So today we are not yet a prominent consumer brand.  So it's tough to ask Bret Jordan to consign his car through us and assume that we'll get a good return for you. Instead, we can offer you a compelling price. You sell the car to us and we sell it in turn as a principal. And ditto in the UK in the early days. Today that's no longer necessary because we certainly are a well-established brand among the insurance industry and otherwise in the UK. The point being all long term as liquidity grows, as our recognition grows in those subsections of the marketplace, so to speak, will migrate to a consignment model.
Jeff Liaw: Of the cars that are exported, I don't know off-head, Bret, so I don't want to speculate. But it's high. That number doesn't sound unreasonable to me in part because there is a natural filter, as you might imagine, for the kinds of cars that's even worth putting on a boat to get to Eastern Europe period.  You will filter out the cars that are pure metal content or a couple of recycled parts and then otherwise dispose them. They tend to by their nature be the more drivable repairable cars that would ever leave the country in the first place.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. Nothing radical in terms of our approach. We have a very capable sales team who approaches those dealers and communicates our value proposition to them being our global auction liquidity. Subjecting your car to a global buyer base and finding the best home for that car, whether it's in Ohio, Florida, Poland, or Honduras, I think there is a compelling value proposition there.  But there's nothing radical that we had changed in the last quarter or 2 or 3. This is the byproduct of the auction liquidity we've talked about a moment ago as well as our own proactive sales efforts.
Jeff Liaw: The answer to your latter question is yes, those are also relevant and addressable for us. And all cars, as you all know, are on a spectrum. So even what you define as a salvage versus whole car is a more nuanced matter and simply than a binary distinction between the two. But we have grown our business very naturally, of course, the rental car Company with a car that's slightly damaged, or meaningfully damaged, we are absolute obvious home for it.  Older car, we're a good and obvious home for it as well. The newer rental cars, those of course are very meaningfully compressed in terms of industry -- available industry volume because of the shortage of new cars, the fleets are hanging onto cars they've got. But yes, long-term, those are addressable for us as well, addressable targets for us as well.
Jeff Liaw: I would say that I think of vehicles with some notable exceptions. The automotive industry is being a reasonably liquid global market so I don't think you could see 50% inflation for two-year-old Toyota Corollas in one market and 8% inflation in other currency adjusted. I do think we have observed increases in used car values around the world and most countries in which we do business.  There are sources of friction and distortion, of course, when comparing those trends, whether it's tariffs or shipping or otherwise. They can introduce discontinuities in that comparison. But by and large, I think of the vehicle business as being a global one in nature. In terms of the long-term trends -- short-term trends, I think we certainly can be affected by currency in any given auction in any given week in any given quarter, maybe in any given year.  But I think the long-term trends of our cars being in higher demand in other countries still than they are in the U.S., that's not going away. That's over a multiple year horizon will dwarf any currency effects.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah. As you know we don't provide any forward guidance. Those cars will sell, they will generate revenue. They do have costs associated with them. They'll have some implications. We'll talk about it next quarter.
Bob Labick: I wanted to start and dig a little further on the total loss frequency commentary you offered us in the prepared remarks and as it relates to used car prices and insurance carriers ' formulas to total a car. If you had said two years ago, used car prices would rise 40% now 60% or 70% over a two-year period, I would have incorrectly said total loss frequency would crater unless repair costs went up equally to offset it.  So I guess my question is, are repair costs up as much in terms of dollars as used car prices? I can't imagine that's true. Or are insurers adjusting their total loss calculation real time to the current salvage your recovery rates that you're getting, or is it something else?  Because if it's dynamic insurance calculations, if they're changing it with used car prices much faster than they have in the past, would that potentially suggest that as used car prices fall then total loss frequency wouldn't rise as fast as anticipated? If that question makes sense.
Bob Labick: Got it. Okay. That's great. Very helpful. And just kind of going back to cycle time. When I think in general, that's obviously a benefit in period entry, but you're always trying to improve cycle times. And obviously, they've probably have over the last 5, 10 years as well. And as cycle times do improve a little bit, they open up yard capacity.  So just curious as to when -- thinking about your over-capitalized balance sheet and the liquidity that you have, what are the primary uses of that liquidity as you run out of more land to buy or if cycle times pick up enough, you need less land at the same time. So just trying to balance those two. And ask other uses of capital beyond land because eventually you won't have to always buy land.
Bob Labick: Okay. Super. And I meant to say well capitalized, but it slipped out as over-capitalized. I apologize. And thanks for answering. I'll jump back in queue. Thanks.
