Jeff Liaw: Good evening. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call. Let me hand it to Leah briefly for the Safe Harbor. 
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, I think it's a fair question. And as you know, Bob, we maintain a conservative balance sheet in part so that capital is by and large not the constraint, that when there are opportunities to serve our sellers and buyers better, to grow our platform, to grow our business, that we aren't constrained at the moment, and also so that we can opportunistically acquire real estate and so forth.  But the ultimate scarce resource is our own bandwidth, our ability to pursue initiatives successfully. I think you highlighted, really, the priorities for the enterprise, and I don't think we stack rank them necessarily. It's critical to us that we serve our insurance sellers and buyers better over the years to come. We mentioned in passing some of the tools that we're working on to equip them to make better and faster decisions, to yield better economic outcomes. In particular, we've been focused on reducing their advance charges. In many cases insurance companies incur literally thousands of dollars of storage and tear-down costs on cars that any one of us would have known as a total loss at the scene of the accident. And we are committed to developing the tools and processes to enable them to sidestep that entire food chain, just to avoid all those unnecessary costs that ultimately inflate their claims costs as a result.  So insurance is critical. The international markets as you noted are critical to us as well. As you know, also, even using one word to capture all of them, it's an oversimplification. Canada and Brazil and Germany and the U.K. and Finland are all radically different from one another, the Middle East and Spain and so forth, but growth there is a priority as well.  And then certainly as you know and as you've seen in the unit growth trajectory, the non-insurance domain is important to us, not just in isolation, not just because it is a profitable and growing enterprise, but because we view it as instrumental to serving our insurance companies better as well. The liquidity flywheel is real, and it's our job to make sure that we're spinning it faster with each passing year. 
Jeff Liaw: Craig, they have built one of the very largest yellow iron auction platforms without any real estate whatsoever. So they have a digital-only platform, as you noted, to sell in place. On the margin, I think we look to opportunities to potentially partner with them. That's not ultimately the foundation of the investment itself. It really is backing an exceptional team that's built an exceptional community and business.  So we'll explore those kinds of ways to cooperate, whether it comes to customer relationships, certain technology expertise, real estate in some cases, and so forth. Those are all on the table, but fundamentally it is about backing an exceptional team. 
Jeff Liaw: I think we are able. I'm not – that doesn't mean we will. But really across our entire business, principal investments in inventory are just a necessary enabling mechanism to ultimately win consignment volume. So there was an era in which we bought the vast majority of the vehicles we sold on behalf of insurance companies from them, so we took the principal risk on the cars.  Over time, the better customer service outcome is for us to sell it on the consignment basis for our sellers and we to sit on the same side of the table, rooting for the highest possible prices. So if we were to do so in the Yellow Iron arena, it would again, be as an enabling mechanism to a consignment future. It is not an end state in and of itself. 
Jeff Liaw: Craig, I would characterize in the aggregate, it's very substantial, right. Meaning, we could undertake the rigorous accounting exercise of figuring out how much have we spent. Once and on an ongoing basis to maintain ex hundreds of acres of available land in Florida, North Carolina, New Jersey, New York, etcetera.  We could quantify the elevated tow expense we pay year round by virtue of operating our own trucks, etcetera, etcetera, and try to capture the full life cycle elevated cost that we incur as a result. But in the end, we just accept that it's a necessary cost of doing business. It helps empower our customers to trust us in a time of need. And if volume suddenly spikes 10x or 20-fold in a given region, that we very much are positioned to handle it. 
Jeff Liaw: Yeah Daniel, I think it's a fair question. I think you rightly anticipated our reluctance. As you know, we don't comment – out of respect, frankly, for the confidential decision-making processes of our clients, we just don't want to comment on them individually. But generally, I think you are rightly focused on the ultimate decision rule, which is the delivered economic outcomes that we provide to our customers.  And so if I had to more generically say, how does an insurance company decide who to use for their salvage remarketing services, I'd cite five general principles. One is delivered auction outcomes. We believe we're truly differentiated by virtue of our global buyer base and our auction platform.  We believe – and by the way, we define our competition pretty expansively, right. It's not just the competitor that you have in mind, but it's all the other possible outcomes for vehicles, whether it's repair, owner retention, sale through other auction platforms, hand-selling, retailing, from the perspective of our rental car customers. We define that competition very expansively.  But nonetheless, the five principles are – or the five priorities are delivered auction returns, the service that we provide to our sellers, as measured in our ability to recover vehicles, in some cases from very difficult circumstances, our ability to process titles efficiently, and to provide them with the tools they need to make better and faster decisions. The third element I'd cite is the service we provide to our clients' clients. So, in the case of insurance, to the policyholders to whom we believe we provide a differentiated title retrieval and loan payoff process today, with the gap widening over time as well.  Fourth, I'd say is the ability to do all of the above, both in the ordinary course, as well as in an extreme weather event, to gracefully manage all of these processes, even if volume again spikes ten-fold or twenty-fold in a given period of time in a given region.  And then fifth, and I think this is more esoteric, but I think it's real, is the assurance that due to our land ownership, our technology platform, our people and culture and capital structure, that we're here for the long haul, and that when we make promises, we will absolutely deliver on them.  So to your narrower question about the auction returns, I do believe the gap is substantial. I do believe that it's growing. Now, it's difficult to quantify, because no given car is ever transacted on multiple platforms, right. The car sells here or it is sold at a rental car retail lot, or it's sold at a different auction house. And so a true, perfectly apples-to-apples comparison in a given moment is difficult. But I think the evidence, the preponderance of the evidence based on seller behavior over the years, is yes, that we deliver superior economic outcomes, in large part due to better auction returns, but also to the service elements that I cited a moment ago. 
Jeff Liaw: Individually, they are not materially different. I think to serve financial institutions, there are certainly a different level of compliance and certain different processes. So it's more like when we choose to emphasize a new type of seller, we have to develop certain capabilities of equal disclosure and otherwise. So it's not per se volume-driven. It's more just the nature of the sellers that we're targeting. I think by and large the categories we've now all touched, so I don't think the contribution economics are materially different. 
Jeff Liaw: Yes. And I'll separate Finland for a moment. Finland is frankly more like the UK, Canada, and the U.S. and that that has long been a gross settlement market in which insurance carriers simply pay the owner's PAB or ACB, the intact value of the car, and then they can sign that vehicle to the salvage auction.  So we acquired that salvage auction some years ago, and the business is trending well. Some of the same underlying trends that you expect here – rising total loss frequency with a dip during the COVID-19 period when vehicle prices skyrocketed. But otherwise, fundamentally similar, though fundamentally, of course, not a huge population or a huge market in and of itself.  Then the UK, I'll set aside as well. That mirrors the U.S. in some regards, obviously some noise from Brexit and otherwise. But by and large, similar overriding picture there, overall picture there, which is to say total loss frequency growth, market share growth and good marginal economics there as well.  As for Germany and Spain, I think that's probably what you have in mind, Germany and Spain and by extension, the rest of Western Europe. Those are the net settlement markets to which we have offered, as you know, a handful of different service propositions, including initially buying cars more aggressively than migrating more to a consignment model.  We continue to build our businesses in both countries. We continue to earn the trust of our insurance company sellers, continue to innovate and experiment with them. So there's nothing radically new to report there. 
Jeff Liaw: I don't think we have. They are both meaningful to us in terms of the P&L though. Both Blue Car and the Dealer segments are both meaningful volume, meaningful contribution. You'll hear the carve out when we describe the wholesalers and charities. That's business also that we endeavor to serve. We call these the lower value vehicles. Those together, Copart Direct as well, would constitute, would be characterized as a non-insurance space. But Dealers and Blue Car are the large ones among them. 
Jeff Liaw: Dealer is larger, more mature, meaning we've been pursuing that business for longer. Though, as I think you've heard us say in the past, as the insurance business evolves, as more cars look like perfectly intact, drivable vehicles, the buyer base for our vehicles is relevant for more and more of the Dealer cars as well. So it's not a static game with every week or month or year that goes by more Dealer cars are addressable than in the period prior. 
Jeff Liaw: John, I think you're right that the vehicles from financial institutions are in large part repossessions. There are other use cases. And repossessions, of course, in some cases are very straightforward and come straight to us from the financial institution. In other cases, the cars can be trapped at impound facilities.  We do think we bring some unique capabilities there in terms of the ability to navigate the vehicle retrieval process. It's both – it’s a combination of technology as well as human expertise. I think we offer both in that regard.  Then of course again, the auction platform itself generates strong returns. So in the aggregate that the ability to get the car faster, the ability in some cases to liberate cars that otherwise would be trapped altogether, that may be abandoned, for example, and then to generate good returns on all of the above is what's enabled our growth there. 
Jeff Liaw: Oh, on that, I don't think we would. We would never characterize ourselves as particularly savvy in timing the market. So it's not that we see a rebound or not in the Yellow Iron space. I think Purple Wave is just a company we have profoundly respected and have had a multiple years-long dialogue with how and why deals ultimately come to – by the way, the same was true for NPA. Leading up to June of 2017, we've been in dialogue with them for a decade as well.  And what ultimately causes the deal to get over the finish line for two parties to reach that conclusion together is a mix of, of course, objective fact and serendipity and just random timing as well. So it was not our trying to time the market per se.  We have acquired a majority stake in the business. But it was important for us and important for Aaron and Suzy that they continue to retain a meaningful economic share as well. And we are committed and they are committed to growing that business profitably for years to come. 
Jeff Liaw: Oh, 25% circa, and a very seasonal issue, Chris, frankly with charity volumes spiking in the fourth quarter, first calendar quarter. We'll call it one out of – just from memory over a longer period of time, one out of four cars is from someone that's not an insurance carrier. But as you know, both portions of our business have been growing very meaningfully. So insurance is growing and also the Blue Car, Dealer segments as well.  And then as to your question about growth within the Blue Car arena, it is across different types of sellers. So it includes banks. It includes rental car companies. It includes corporate fleets and its multiple accounts in each. So it's not one big seller driving the performance of that business. 
Jeff Liaw: It's highly idiosyncratic. There are some insurance carriers that we will serve for the first time or we'll sign them up for the first time. And in that case, the startup costs so to speak, depends in large part on their choice of technology platforms, what their business process looks like, and what it takes for us to integrate with them. In other cases we'll have customers that we already serve and very substantially so, and we're merely taking on additional states that we don't already have. The marginal corporate cost, so to speak, at headquarters for technology and process development and so forth, is more modest in that case, as you might imagine.  In the field, the costs certainly are substantial. We will hire additional folks in our facilities to handle both the physical movement and receipt of cars, as well as the back of the house title processing, the title transfer process, loan payoff, title procurement, etcetera, that we scale up as well to serve the customer. And as you noted, generally speaking, somewhat in advance of that customer turning on their new business. We can't afford to drop the ball once it's on, so we make sure we scale up operations beforehand. 
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, the fees, as you know from having followed us for a while, are something we evaluate on an ongoing basis. We don't adhere to a regular schedule, so to speak, because there's not an annual schedule change of any kind. We evaluate the market, we evaluate competitors, and we evaluate our own value proposition and what we think we're bringing to the ecosystem broadly. So we have not in the past commented on this matter specifically. I don't expect that we will any time soon. 
Jeff Liaw: No step function changes. I think it's a matter of further execution on our part. We continue to invest very aggressively in our international buyer base. And there are, as I noted, a host of different competitors that we encounter in this space.  We think that our value proposition is principally that we are very efficient at retrieving vehicles, and we are very effective at finding the highest and best use of that vehicle wherever that is in the world. That international buyer base is powerful for that business segment as well. And our online platform, Digital First Sales, I think ultimately identifies the right buyer for that car wherever that person is in the world.  So there's no step function change. You'll see, or our sellers will see additional enhancements, additional capabilities, but I wouldn't characterize any of them as being a meaningful step function change. 
Leah Stearns: No, it's really just part of our ongoing normalized cost structure. We do it every year in anticipation of hurricane season, and we did the same thing this year as we had done previously. We just did not experience the elevated level of repositioning folks and the kind of acute cost levels that we experience when there is a severe storm that does actually hit, and there's significant recoveries that happen shortly thereafter.  So I would not look to call it out specifically, because it's just part of our ongoing cost structure. 
Leah Stearns: And, Daniel, I would just add that we've spent a lot of time over the last 12 months developing the capabilities across our technology platform to address some of those needs. So the sale as I talked about arbitration policy that is now available at Copart, those are all items that are more familiar to our Blue Car seller – or sorry, the members who are purchasing those Blue Car units. And so we've been forward-thinking about preparing ourselves for that potential future demand. 
Leah Stearns: No, that's just really a reflection of the movement in the yield curve. So the longer than 90-day maturities did mature, and we've held them in shorter than 90-day treasury securities since then. 
