A. Jayson Adair: Well, as we said on the last quarter, we felt about 1/2 of it was associated with improvements in inventory and 1/2 of it was associated with the cycle times on those vehicles. That -- I don't think there's an inherent trend. The cycle times are just getting longer and longer. There's some reasons why some of those vehicles hadn't moved based on the supply where they came from. And I expect those vehicles to start moving in the quarter that we're in and subsequent quarters Q3 and Q4. So we want to think about real inventory growth. It's probably closer to the 10% number.
A. Jayson Adair: I think it's important to understand the 20% number. We've got all the costs associated with that inventory build. So when that number does become more indicative of our growth more towards the 10%, we're going to have all the revenue associated without the expense when we sell those vehicles off. So that will be the improvement. And then to your second point, Bob, it really is just that it's an environment where the market is. We're seeing some market share gain and we're seeing some improvement in the overall market. Vehicles are older today than they were 5 years ago. New car sales have been down for the last 5 years. They're now starting to trend up but all those factors, as we talked about back in '09, if you recall in some of those conversations back in '09 after the '08 crash of the market, when we talked about in '09, vehicle sales stayed at these low ratios which they did that we see vehicles aging, which they have, and then we would see vehicles becoming more probable total losses, which is what we're seeing today. So the overall market, we believe, is just expanding.
A. Jayson Adair: Sure. Well, we're not going to be breaking out QCSA in every quarter, just so you know. The integration will start this quarter and then into Q3 and we'll just be talking about revenue. This is a -- you can see at $17.2 million you've got a real run rate of the revenues, so you've got that visibility. We won't be breaking that out in subsequent quarters. We'll be talking about the company as a whole as we integrate. The one I talked about in the call was towing; another one would just be all the duplicate facility expenses. I mean, they're running over 20 facilities that are right next door to our facilities, or I shouldn't say next door, but in the same markets as ours. So we may be driving right past one of our facilities to go to their facilities. That's the towing side, the other side is that you've got all the benefit of not having that facility expense, so there is that component. We've learned from both sides. They had some technology functions that we've now integrated into our company and will be launching at the integration on our website for our sellers. So there's been improvements there. There's been some improvements in just the way that they interact with the sellers. It's been new from some of the ways that we've done it. We've implemented some of those and then we've got a number of things that we do from a best class or best practices standpoint. We've got better cycle times and more efficient on the tows. We've got a much larger buyer base by a much bigger factor, so we expect higher returns on those vehicles as they get integrated. So it's just a number of areas where we've seen benefit on both sides and we've been able to integrate those benefits on Copart. When they've got something that they do better, we've taken advantage of that, so like I said, the technology piece. So really happy about it. I mean, I think I really -- I know we're going to be very pleased as we get into Q3. Q2 is still going to have a lot of costs in it but you'll start to see some of these benefits coming in, and Q3 and Q4 are going to look really good compared -- once we've got all these integrations completed.
A. Jayson Adair: That's always been the case. We tease because 20 years ago, it was -- the standard was 4-day pickup. And today, they want 24-hour pick up. Now they push for same-day pick up. So yes, we're always seeing push towards that and we've been able to improve year-after-year on cycle time and I suspect there's a point where you can't improve anymore, right? You can't go to 0. So at some point, we'll stop seeing that improvement. But with technology, it's allowed us to improve even further so we've got some tools that we use on the technology front that allows us to pick up vehicles in hours as opposed to next day, even. So that's -- we're always going to see a need for that because you have the impound yard as a big expense.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes. Well, we don't talk about share repurchase on calls, either. You're 0 for 2 there, buddy. But no, we don't talk about share repurchase. We -- historically, you can see where we bought, we do have an authorization to buy plenty of stock and we have had a history of doing it. But as said on calls before, we tend not to lay our playbook out on when we think we should be buying stock back.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, yes, we've got less debt than we had a couple of years ago. Again, we just don't get into those types of discussions on a conference call because it's not a CEO decision, that's a board decision. And when we get into how much debt we think we should have, we talk about that at the board level and then we make a release and let everyone know what we're thinking and what we're doing.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes. We're really happy with them. There's a lot of opportunity in those markets and we want to move quickly, but you don't want to move too quickly or get too aggressive. So it's one of those things where we're integrating our process, our procedure and our systems. And it feels very similar to the U.K. When we came to the U.K. pickup times were triple what they are today. Returns were 30%, if not more than what -- less than what they are today. And so we see those markets as very similar to the U.K. and the potential and the opportunity being very similar to what we were able to do in the U.K. So we're happy about what's going on internationally. It's good stuff.
A. Jayson Adair: In some of the markets, there's no one to acquire, that's fair enough, and in other markets there's still acquisitions to be made and we would be open to that.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes. Fourth quarter, we're going to be integrating second and third. The margins should be up to par at fourth quarter. And then as I said on the call, there'll be some carryover from expenses in the third quarter that could go into the fourth quarter. But if you take that nonrecurring factor out, we'll be there in the fourth. Come the first quarter of the year, there shouldn't be any carryover expenses.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, sure. I won't give you the actual numbers. The toys is better than salvage because they tend to be higher sale price, higher-margin units. Charity are less than insurance. If you think about the profitability of segments, if you will, or supply in our business, at the top of the food chain would be rental cars, dealer cars, non-damaged stuff. Then you'd move down into damaged vehicles, then you'd move down into charity vehicles, which typically are not damaged, but they just have really low valuations in terms of profitability per unit.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, there's been a consolidation in the market in the last year. Quite a few of the large suppliers, large insurance companies, have made a decision to go with 2 vendors or 3 vendors and eliminate doing business with 17 vendors as an example. So...
A. Jayson Adair: Sure. And we're always looking at RFPs, I mean that's pretty regular but there was a pretty major shift in the last year that pushed a lot of business towards 2 or 3 suppliers or auctions and eliminated -- where they eliminated doing business with some of the smaller players that are out there. The other side, just as we said, the markets -- the industry is expanding. It's getting bigger.
A. Jayson Adair: No, I mean you're spot on. I mean, that's exactly what's happened and they've continued to be able to improve that part of the business. And I anticipate that will be the case. The noninsurance business is a very large segment for us. We handle a very small piece of that. We've got a really good sales team that are working that now. That business has existed now, this is its sixth year that we've had the dealer division and a direct division, so I expect that they'll continue to do well for years ahead. I don't see that coming to maturity for a while.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, we don't break out volume, Gary, but we do break out the percentage of the business. As you said, it's about 20%.
A. Jayson Adair: We are. We're -- I tend not to like to talk about all those segments because, again, we've got a lot of competition out there but we work all those angles. So rest assured now, I won't get into each market out there like buy here, pay here that we go after, but we're involved in all those markets as potential supply for vehicles.
A. Jayson Adair: It's a big deal. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I did talk about them on the last quarter. But it's double-digit growth year-over-year and people attending auctions, auction attendance, it's double-digit growth in new registration, so it's a big deal. The old site which is currently the existing site, you have to sign up, you have to register to join an auction. And the new site, which is currently beta and we will be replacing the old site in the coming months, once we've worked out everything. And we want to make sure it goes out completely bug-free and stronger than the existing site. But -- so in the months ahead as we launch that, you don't have to register to be -- attend an auction. You can jump in, watch an auction and so you learn much more about our business when you see the vehicles sell. We sold a Ferrari, an F50 Ferrari last, what, 2 weeks ago, something like that. It sold for $455,000. We put a video of it up on YouTube. It got over 100,000 views and you can just type in Copart F50 Ferrari, you can find it, it's really easy to find. And you can watch the auction. We've posted the auction up on YouTube as well. So that kind of stuff where the visibility of what we do and then being able to come in to our site and actually watch auctions and not have to register, that registration process for people can be a pretty big barrier and we've eliminated that. That's just one example on the new site. If you go back a year ago, we didn't have auction access on our mobile site. So today you can watch an auction from your phone. Over 10% of our auctions are attended via mobile. I know those are some big numbers, when you think about what we're selling every day, how many people are attending. Over 10% of the attendance is coming in through the mobile platform as opposed to the web. So those are just improvements that we think are going to be a big deal going forward, Craig.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, we've got the teams to do it. We've been investing in bringing people on over the last 4 years so that we'd have the personnel to expand in the multiple markets. We've got the cost associated with it. There's no question about it but we look at that as short-term pain, long-term gain. We'll have some of that expense that we're carrying while we are in markets without an upscale and your -- I think your point's well taken. We will then start to build scale in those markets. And instead of having one market come on and then go to another, we'll have 4 markets coming on and then we'll expand from there into multiple markets. So it's just -- we just feel like it's, in the long-term, a much better strategy to getting across the globe.
A. Jayson Adair: All right. Thank you, Debbie. Again, thank you, everyone, for attending the call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter when we report on the second quarter for Copart. Happy Thanksgiving and we'll talk to you then.
