Jay Adair: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter call for Copart and a wrap up on our fiscal year 2012. Will and I are in two separate locations today. As we have done in the past, I'm going to turn it over to Will now for opening remarks and he will pass it back to me. Then we'll open it up for question-and-answer. With that, it's my pleasure to turn it over to Will Franklin, CFO.
Jay Adair: Thank you, Will. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the call once more. We are really excited about the events and the things that took place for Copart in fiscal 2012. At the beginning of the year, I announced the Overdrive effort that we have undertaken. We are now one year into a three-year process to transform our company. Part of that Overdrive experience was moving out of California, and I'm happy to announce that we have exited the headquarters that was in Fairfield, California completely and given the building back to the owners. We now have moved into our brand new headquarters in Dallas, Texas, and are excited about that first part of the transition taking place. So, if you have time, come see us in Dallas. We will be furthering our work in the next two years as we implement new technologies as Will discussed in his call. We also, in the year, sold off both airplanes that we had. We've talked about that in previous calls, but by being based in that don't have the need now to have aviation. We can get everywhere we need to get from D-FW. In the year, we took an $8.7 million impairment associated with our move to Texas, and that included the planes. In this quarter, we recognized an additional $1.2 million loss, and that is reflected below the line and not in G&A, so I want to point that out, call that out for you because that is the last of that since the planes are officially sold off. In the year, we acquired four new locations, two of those locations were in Alberta, Canada, one location in Calgary, and one location in Edmonton, and then we had a new location in the South end of Atlanta and a new location in Mebane, North Carolina, which is between Greensboro and Raleigh. On the expansion side, we bought out existing leases or purchased new land so that we can expand existing locations at five facilities, and then finally I just wanted to mention that for the year, we purchased $203.3 million worth of stock, or approximately 9 million shares. With that, rather than going to any other points, we'll open up for questions and try to touch on any points that you may have on the call. Kasey, if you could please take questions at this time that would be great.
Jay Adair: I'll go ahead and respond to that. If you don't mind too for folks that are asking question, if you point them out to, whether the question is for Will or myself, that'd be great. But, I'd be happy to comment on that, Bob. Dubai is our second largest. The U.A.E is the second largest we sell to outside of the U.S. The number one market being Mexico, so for us to get a footprint, yes, we get to sell cars and we are holding, we had three auctions now in that market. So, that's great. That allows for growth. That allows for us to go out and reach out to all insurers there and process their vehicles, but it also allows for us to recruit buyers in that market to take payments in that market and to assist in the shipping process which is something today the logistics of that is being done through vendors to the buyer base, or by buyers directly. Now that we've got a facility, we've got storage, we can actually assist in not necessarily the actual shipping, but once it is shipped from a U.S. location to the Middle East, we can then take that vehicle and store it at our location for them and assist in that process. So, it just allows us now to expand throughout the Middle East, into those markets and its part of our strategy to deploy in a number of international markets, which I would bring up the last point which is really important. We're a unique company, and that we get a benefit by having a global footprint. Lot of companies get the analogy of, when Walmart opens up into U.K. and they've got Asda. Buyers at Asda probably aren't going online and buying products at Walmart in the U.S. For Copart, when we open up in a market like the U.K. we started selling motorcycles in the U.S., so there is an opportunity as we open up in multiple locations around the world to cross pollinate the buyer base between markets.
Jay Adair: Well, we've talked about those key points in the past. We go after all facets of the non-insurance market whether it'd be TPA or charity or dealer business, and we are going to continue to go after that. We have been successful, and I really think the limit is quite high. It's an enormous market compared to the size of the total loss vehicles in the U.S. or the U.K. or Europe or any market, so it's one of those books of business. What excites me about it is one of the books of business, where we have had some really great growth in the last year on the insurance side, and yet that business has been able to maintain that 79-21 split, so they've been able to keep the growth going on even though the insurance side has been growing, so that's good stuff.
Jay Adair: Yeah. John, it's funny, because we met this week talking about it, and we may give some CapEx guidance in the following quarter. It just felt way too difficult. The range was so wide for us, and really that boils down that you just don't know what dealers you are going to get done, and so the range was so wide that we just felt like it wasn't a good idea. I'll leave you with this. We spent a little over $200 million last year buying our shares back. We look at our cash position and the return on our cash as a factor on the return we can get from buying our own company back, and so we are not going to go out there and deploy capital on things that are not a good use of capital. We are not going after businesses that don't make sense and we are not going to go out and expand yards that don't need the expansion, so we've got great capacity today, but we are expanding some yards just to maintain that capacity and we are looking at targets out there. If we can get a better feel for it in the next quarter, the quarter after that, then we will give you guys some guidance on that, but otherwise for now we've decided to hold on, because the variance is so wide.
Jay Adair: The fact that it will change in 2013 is, we are really transforming our company from a technology standpoint. We've got technology that will continue to run the company for the next year, or two, or three, but for us the [challenge] of the world we live in today, both on a sell level and on a cloud-based computing level. All the technology that's out there, we have got to really transform our company to that next point, so there is going to be G&A costs associated that are one-time, and so we expect G&A to be higher than that this year but candidly the good news is that is duplicative cost that's associated with running two systems at the same time. Once that one system is in and it's running and it's functioning, the other system will be shut down. Those costs will go away. I will just add to that. When that happens, and we got a feel for what that expense is going to be, Will is going to call that out, so that you know exactly what parts of G&A are considered non-recurring.
Jay Adair: Well, that should be passed us now. I mean that happened in Q3 and Q4 with nationwide, because adjust on price and then you start handling additional volume, you've got the cost of increased receivables as you're picking up vehicles and not selling them. As Will stated in the call, I didn't comment on it, because he covered it pretty clearly that Q1, we will achieve by the end of the quarter, full run rate. In Q2, we'll be at, what we believe a full run rate, for that nationwide agreement, but we're handling additional cars now. So, that should be passed as far as the compression. That's in Q3 and Q4.
Jay Adair: Buddy, it's a ball, I'd share it with you. Those are just things you just don't know and we're working really hard over on this end, and we fully believe in our team and our technology and our peoples' ability to deliver, and we are passionate about what we do. I think people that meet us figure that out pretty quickly. We're a company that's going to be around for a long time. We're not interested in doing something differently. This is what we do. This is what we love, and hopefully over time that will generate additional business, but that's just a big unknown. You never know.
Jay Adair: Yes. It's trending up, and we've employed some new process on Copart Direct that is causing that to trend up and we believe that will trend up even further. That is part of the CDS business, that's part of the TPA business. That's part of the cherry business, so that is all considered non-insurance volume, but it is trending up and so it's helping us maintain that spread even though we're gaining insurance cars.
Jay Adair: That's actually a great question, Craig. I mean you hit on a really important point there. If there is an opportunity to acquire an existing company in the market, then we'll do that. But if there isn't and we have to start up in that market, maybe convert the market over to our model and that relationship and relying on partners is paramount. The good news is, we've got really good relationships with our customers, we've got their interest sell is our number one priority, and so the only reason that we would invest in our market and spend capital in our market is because they believe and we believe that there is an opportunity to improve the returns in that market and go in and give it a shot, so we fully expect that in years ahead that will happen. There will be, so we're not going to be able to open up or to acquire existing locations. When that's the case, we'll go in and provide our services from a startup position, which by the way we've opened up well over 30 locations across the country as start ups and relied on existing customer relationships, So we know how to do that part of it.
Jay Adair: Well, it's not just that market. We've got costs right now associated with international expansion in a number of markets that we've been carrying now for over the year, so part of it is U.A.E in the quarter, but it's not all U.A.E, and we've never made it a habit, Bret, breaking out units on a per market basis, so we won't start doing something different than we've done in the past, but as we said, it's the number two market internationally for us so it's a big deal to be in that market.
Jay Adair: No. I won't speak specifically to any other particular market, but they are all open right now. It doesn't preclude us from going into other markets.
Jay Adair: Bret, I speak to the smartest buyers out there and I know nothing right now about commodity pricing. It is absolutely impossible to figure out where it's headed. I mean, we talk to our friends out there and they like I have no idea.
Will Franklin: No. It's just that you don't get credit for the entire quarter. When you purchase the share during the middle of the quarter, you'll portion the benefit throughout the quarter, so if it's purchased in the middle of the quarter, you don't get 45 days benefit that or half the benefit of the share purchased during the quarter.
Will Franklin: No. I really can't. We are seeing the increase, like we've said, in the assignments. I think the only color that we'll provide is what we've already said is that by the exit of our first quarter, which is October, we expect the full run rate and so there will be some incremental benefit in our second quarter, but right now I'm not going to express in terms of percentage.
Will Franklin: Yes. There is a lot of things that affect our volume. Weather was not detrimental this quarter like it was last quarter, but remember we sell a lot of cars throughout the nation, so bad weather in one area doesn't necessarily indicate an expected increase in volume nationwide, so while we did have some benefit, it's not something we'd call out specifically.
Will Franklin: Yes. Now I don't have any information other than the market, so you can look at commodity futures and I agree with whatever they say.
Will Franklin: No meaningful, and we have stopped calling those out. I mean it's in the low hundreds of thousands dollars. The $2.4 million specifically for the ERP system does not include anything form international, because those costs will continue.
Will Franklin: You can look at used car pricing, commodity pricing and that will be a fairly good indicator where our ASPs are heading on a segment-by-segment basis. That ignores the impact of mix, so as we enter into more of the used car redistribution market, our overall ASPs are enhanced.
Will Franklin: Sure. There is certain revenue and it's not a big number. It's $2 million or $3 million a quarter of revenue. As we reviewed it, we thought it was more appropriate to be reflected as purchased car sale. It has to do with scrapped cars and dismantled cars and parts sales in the U.K.
Will Franklin: No. I don't. I think we are about as efficient as you can be on the state tax side. I think there are some benefits as we expand internationally and develop more of the revenue outside of United States, but I'm certainly not at a position to quantify that going forward. I think using a 34.5% rate is probably appropriate for modeling purposes at this point.
