Jeff Liaw: Pete, good to hear from you, and thanks for your question. In short, copart.com, is certainly a unified platform period. We do have, by virtue in some cases, of different regulatory and licensing requirements and so forth, separate registration paths for that reason. But ultimately, we are one global auction platform with buyers, many buyers purchasing vehicles on multiple of our -- from multiple of our countries.
Jeff Liaw: I think -- the market, as you know, is a dynamic one and looks different today even from what you might have seen five years ago and certainly a decade ago. And I think even our offering at the same time, continues to evolve as well as we better understand and respond to the needs of our very different types of sellers.  So even though we talk about non-insurance as though it is one monolithic entity, as you understand, I'm sure a bank with a repossession acts very differently from a rental car fleet, acts very differently from a dealer as well. And they, in turn, have a variety of different service needs and requests in terms of the degree in terms of compliance, certainly, but also the degree to which we are assessing and altering the vehicles themselves. So our offering has evolved even over the past few years and will continue to evolve in response to those seller needs for years to come. So we are quite a bit more sophisticated today even than we were a decade ago, but those offerings will continue to expand in the years ahead.
Jeff Liaw: I appreciate the question. First, at least from memory, I thought total loss frequency approach to 22%. Yes, 21.7% at one point before the pandemic. So we're not all the way back, though, I think that's a matter of time. To the second part of your question, there continues to be a wide dispersion of total loss practices across our insurance carrier base. In some cases, because of our own customers perceived differences of their policyholder preferences. So I think there is long-standing conventional wisdom among some folks that drivers and owners prefer to have their cars back, they will repair insurance companies will sponsor repairs of cars that they economically should not. So that behavior does continue in the industry. And as a result, then we see a pretty wide dispersion of total loss practices across all carriers, though virtually all of them have increased total loss frequency over the long haul. As for your question about where total loss frequency would, can it exceed 30%? I think the answer is affirmatively yes. The economic value, meaning some carriers are there today. And others as used car values will -- even as used car value stabilized, repair costs divided by the value of cars has increased monotonically forever, and we expect that to continue as well. So total loss will increase in relative attractiveness because our auction liquidity, our global buyer base keeps driving the values of the damaged cars up while repair costs also rise. So the relative attractiveness of total loss will increase over time.
Jeff Liaw: I don't think the growth rate and Leah can comment here as well. Certainly, we are growing our capabilities. So the bringing on of new senior talent and the expansion of our offering in the whole car universe and frankly, our sophistication in the insurance world as well. Those all require new capabilities, and we are delighted to invest in them. So that reflects some of the G&A growth over time.  That said, we continue to expect operating leverage over the medium-long term. But I think we always say, look, over multiple quarters to look over even most years for the right long-term trend. And I think the trend over time is that we invariably grow unit volume and revenue over the long haul, faster in many cases, meaningfully faster than we grow G&A.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. We don't comment on individual accounts, but to your broader question about our capacity to handle additional volume. We invest years ahead of the curve as reflected, of course, in capital expenditures over the course of the past 7 or 8 years. We invest ahead of the curve in the various geographies in which we do business. And so we would be delighted to serve new volume and certainly have the capacity to do so.  As you know, it's not even just the storage capacity itself. It's also the logistics capabilities trucking, both owned trucking assets as well as third-party assets, it's people and it's the scalable technology, auction platform and buyer base. And so to the answer more generically across all of those dimensions, it's absolutely yes. And the flywheel effect, frankly, applies to some of those dimensions, not just the auction dimension as well. For example, the stronger we become and the larger we become as a logistics company, the better access we have to both third-party and first-party transport capabilities, the better we are about deploying people to a storm and so on and so forth. So the answer is affirmatively yes.
Jeff Liaw: In a word, yes, though, I think it's always worth commenting on what the relevant substitutes might be, right? So in so far as you're talking about ocean freight, the demand for mobility in these various countries, the countries that sell vehicles too, which is effectively every country in the world, but the growth tends to come from what we would characterize as developing economies and their demand for mobility is real and sustained and the growth is real and sustained. So the question becomes what their natural alternatives might be? And in many cases, they will still ultimately turn to Copart cars as a result. And then the last comment I'd make on that front is that, while ocean freight rates can rise I think it's still systemically naturally the case that ships mostly come to the U.S. or to the UK, for example, to our dominant origin markets. They come here full and they leave empty. So it's often the case that the backhaul legs are considerably cheaper. So the headline numbers may or may not be representative of our buyers' lived experience.
Jeff Liaw: And then the -- I would offer also that it is the auction liquidity you've heard us speak about on a few occasions today as well. That as we -- as the platform grows, as we earn more Blue Cars, as the total volume of activity on the website grows, that draws more buyers, which has helped to sustain prices at levels well beyond what the Manheim Used Vehicle Index might reflect.
Jeff Liaw: Fair question. We're very excited to have them as our partners in their arena, the leadership team there, Aaron, Susan McKee, and others are terrific. And so by and large, I think I described them as leading the charge with their customers, their community and so forth and doing a terrific job of it. So yes, we are finding ways to support one another efficiently, but it's principally about backing what we think is one of the very best teams in the industry.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think we've seen strong unit volume really across all of our geographies. As you know, Brett, they are in various stages of maturity. The U.K. as a business, of course, looks a lot like ours. And they like ours here in the U.S., and as a result, we'd see the same total loss trends and with the results being driven in large part by the same factors we see here. In places like Germany and Spain, those, of course, are newer businesses for us. And so changes there are driven also by market share wins and conversions and so forth. So there are more local dynamics specific to those countries. But I think performance across the board has improved year-over-year.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think for a host of reasons, Brett, we don't talk about the seller fees that we charge. We certainly endeavor to provide the specific type of value is requested by a given seller and the range of service varies tremendously, even among sellers within a specific seller type. Even among insurance companies, we perform a very wide range of services for folks and different portfolios for each. And the same is true on the non-insurance side as well. As for the unit economics they -- we tend to do well in those domains because the ASPs are high, but they are also, in some cases, higher touch and more transactional by nature, as you've heard us comment on in the past. There's something very scalable about a large insurance company with whom we have elegant B2B integrations and so forth that tends to be less true among the smaller sellers.
Jeff Liaw: The one after thought I'd offer is that our capitalization with our clients is a distinctive competitive advantage. Our conservative balance sheet, our net cash balance equips us such that we can be patient even through a crisis. So in the midst of a pandemic when nobody knew for how long driving an economic activity would be shut down. We were able to continue our business as it stands today. We didn't lay off folks. We didn't suspend CapEx, et cetera.  Our insurance clients have a long memory, and they know those things. They know that when land is available for us to acquire so that we can preserve it for the industry's use for the next 50 years then we'll do so gladly and proudly despite it, of course, coming with big ticket prices as well. So the point there is that capital allocation is not a subject in isolation. It's also a commercial matter that affects how we interact with our customers as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think we were all struck of course, by unusual weather patterns in California relative to, I think, what we would all agree is long-standing history in the state. We are well equipped there with, again, land, trucks, personnel technology, et cetera, to respond to events as they emerge. To date, we haven't yet observed events of anything near the magnitude of Ian, Ida, et cetera, as we experienced in the Northeast in Florida, in Texas, Louisiana, et cetera. We're ready for it and should the weather evolve in a manner that the activity becomes very elevated. And on a sustained basis, you'll see us continue to invest in that as well.
Leah Stearns: And from just an inclusion of Purple Wave, we did have about a little over $7.5 million related to the incremental consolidation of that business in the quarter, which was obviously not in the prior year period.
Leah Stearns: So that is permanent. But other than that, I would say everything else we're focused on is really to drive incremental operating leverage in the future.
Leah Stearns: Sure. Absolutely. So just as our overall mix shifts within the underlying unit makeup of our business and what's selling through the Copart platform, that is one driver. So as you think about the increase in our unit volume coming from our Blue Car sellers, our dealer units, those are higher ASP units. But also as you think about used car pricing coming down and total frequency increasing, the incremental unit that is totaled by an insurance company is inherently a higher value unit, and that's because when total loss frequency came down as a result of rising used car prices that resulted in the underlying borderline units falling out of the mix, and those are now coming back. So as insurance companies are facing elevated repair costs, they're incrementally totaling the higher-value vehicles more frequently, and that's driving additional resilience within our ASP.
Leah Stearns: Sure. I'll touch on capital allocation, and Jeff can jump in. Just from an overall allocation perspective, we do focus our priority from the top of the list for our core business. So we are constantly focused on adding capacity, the ability to serve cats. From a cost perspective, we're managing our yard distribution to ensure that we have optimal positioning from a cost perspective for [indiscernible]. So investing in real estate, investing in our logistics capabilities and ultimately, our technology platform to serve our customers is our number one priority from a capital allocation perspective. Beyond that, we do look at expanding geographically. We look at complementary adjacencies as we expanded with Purple Wave earlier this year. And from an overall corporate development perspective, we do find ourselves with lots of opportunities to assess potential targets. However, we have a very high threshold for how we think about generating returns long term. And we have an incredible track record and we endeavor to continue to perform along those lines. And so for us, we remain incredibly patient on the capital allocation front as it relates to deploying capital through M&A and through investments. We do seek to enter into partnerships with complementary companies that can serve our customers alongside us in a very efficient fashion. And so we've done that with folks at companies like Hi Marley, where we've endeavored to solve problems for our customers that collectively we can do more efficiently together than we can do alone. And then ultimately, historically, to the extent we had excess cash, we have leveraged the share repurchase program, but have done so very opportunity. And so going back to my prior comments, I would just point you to, we remain incredibly disciplined and very patient. And we'll act when we see tremendous value to create on behalf of shareholders.
