Jeff Liaw: Yeah. And so, excluding the hurricane, Bob, I think in broad terms, certainly costs are elevated relative to a year ago. I think your question specifically on sequential trends, I think we're seeing stabilization in many cases. Of course, gasoline is an easily trackable proxy for some of those underlying costs. Diesel prices remain elevated, certainly relative to a conventional gasoline. But broadly speaking, we've seen stabilization in those underlying variables.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. So, we are -- we expect to continue investing in land very substantially, both for day to day operations as well as for catastrophic readiness. You've seen that quote elevated investment profile since the spring of 2016. And we continue to aggressively pursue land to support -- to support our core business as well as to address the spikes that, of course, occur in the context of catastrophic events.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. Fair question and I'll take a step back and generalize more broadly in Western Europe period. So, , Germany and Spain together, and I'll leave Finland aside, but Finland has an insurance and total loss model that looks a lot more like the US and Canada and the UK. So a gross settlement model. In Spain and in Germany, we continue to grow our volume with insurance sellers very significantly on a year-over-year basis, and certainly a multi-year basis as well. So, the progress is strong. We have traction with a number of different insurance carriers. As we've noted on prior calls, the ultimate objective is to secure nationwide agreements and to default to a gross settlement model across all policyholders in those markets. We continue to advance the ball in that regard. On your question of member crossover and such, we do have crossover marketing efforts. It is perhaps some day an opportunity to consolidate the entire auction platform into one today. The German auctions and even, frankly, yard by yard auctions in the US are still distinct online events. The member bases have overlapped. In some cases, meaningful overlap. There are separate registration and participation channels.
Jeff Liaw: A fair question, Craig. I think, in the aggregate, so if you were to take a truly bird's eye view of the catastrophic events, certainly taking into account the many millions, likely hundreds of millions of capital we've deployed to build the catastrophic facilities to buy the equipment, the trucks, the transporters, the loaders and to train and employ the people, and the technology, specifically for cat that we've also developed as well. In the aggregate, by the time you consider those costs, the catastrophic events are surely not a profitable endeavor for us, but a necessary one. We don't root for catastrophic weather events, but we do believe that they draw the contrast still greater between us and others in the industry in terms of our capabilities in those times of stress. So, in the aggregates, no, they are not profitable events for us.
Jeff Liaw: You'll find we don't, as you know, comment intra-quarter about the current quarter. But I would say that through the end of the first quarter, ASPs were still up in somewhat meaningfully year-over-year. 5% of the number, if I have the number correct off the top of my head here. So, ASPs were rising year-over-year. Manheim certainly down over that same period, so we are correlated. There are some leads and lags and so you'll never see a perfect regression there between us and other such third-party variables. But the market, broadly speaking, I think we still observe vehicle shortages. If you wanted to go buy a new car today, you might not have your pick or if you did, it might not come for two or three or four months down the road.
Jeff Liaw: Not more so, meaning we have an appetite for meaningful land investments to support our major incumbent businesses in Europe as well as our growing businesses in Europe. The currency is, in near-term -- it's a nudge in that direction, but it's not a meaningful influence. We're buying this land for 10, 20 and 50-year use. So, variations of 5%, 10%, 20%, 30% even, don't necessarily affect that calculus.
Jeff Liaw: On the volume question, and there are many different ways to slice this question into its component parts with our insurance sellers. As Gavin noted, in some meaningful detail, we are observing a literally once in a lifetime suppression of total loss frequency, which we believe will eventually abate and reverse very meaningfully. That, I think we would say, has stabilized. Driving activity has picked up. Depending on the country you're talking about, it's picked up a lot in Europe where the driving was more suppressed a year ago than it has been in the US. So driving frequency, times, accident frequency times, total loss frequency is plus or minus the volume equation plus the market share question that you posted a moment ago. So, in the aggregate, I think we're seeing stabilization on total loss frequency but still a year-over-year decline, and we're seeing an increase in driving frequency and accident certainly are picking up as well. On the question of market share, we aren't in a position. In general, we don't comment on individual accounts. If you look at long-term arc of history, I'd say we generally speaking have earned more market share over the years both in insurance and outside of insurance. So, in our non-insurance businesses in which we serve automotive dealers, rental car fleets, financial institutions, among others, we believe we continue to gain share relative to other providers in that space.
Jeff Liaw: I'd say -- I'll generalize a half step here. We take our competition very seriously, and we view our competitors set expansively. So, in earning the right to sell vehicles on behalf of our clients, we compete against every other path those vehicles can take. So, whether it's hand selling, retailing, repairs and certainly consignment through other wholesale auction platforms, so we are constantly investing and innovating to deliver the highest possible returns so that we win more of those head-to-head comparison against the alternatives and to eclipse the rising standards we set for ourselves as well. But to address your question specifically about another provider of auction services in the insurance space, we don't think a change in corporate ownership particularly affects how each of us competes in the marketplace. So, whether they are controlled by private equity or an activist hedge fund or one corporate holding company or another, we think our stability as a founder led independent company represents a durable and distinctive competitive advantage. In practice, we manage our business with a long-term investment horizon, which in turn creates the accumulating advantage of owning our own land, our technology platform, building a global buyer base in our team.
Jeff Liaw: Specifically, of course, those questions are better posed to the buyer and seller of that specific transaction.
Jeff Liaw: Retention rate? Got it. So, with -- as used vehicle prices soften, we will see -- we will eventually see perhaps a softening in the selling prices of our cars, which is a self margin dilutive. We will, at the same time, see an increase in volume because a big part of the suppression of total loss volume today is those high used vehicle prices. So, when we see that additional volume flow through the system, that is margin accretive. Beyond that, as for other actions we can take, we certainly have levers in the business available to us which we explore on a recurring basis, including deploying still more technology and automation and so forth in our business, among other things. I think you know we don't comment on our fee schedules and how we manage that long-term. But suffice it to say, the business delivers enough value to our members and sellers to ultimately recover and generate a good return on capital.
Jeff Liaw: Probably nothing insightful. So, we track the Manheim used vehicle index and ADA. We track anecdotally what's happening in the auction space, broadly auto retailers and the like. So, nothing that's not broadly available in what we track.
Jeff Liaw: I think, it's an evolution of our capabilities, but we've invested over the years. But certainly, we have in recognition of rising frequency severity of these storms, have invested in that technology. We haven't gotten to the details of what that means. But in the technology platform, in processing titles, in receiving cars, in helping the insurance companies by absorbing much of the physical work that they used to do, there are many different individual levers pulled to collectively expedite the process on behalf of our sellers.
Jeff Liaw: A difficult forecast, I'll leave because that -- underlying that then is your belief about used vehicle prices, in particular. The other forces, I think we've got a fair bit of conviction in, which is to say that the eventual rising tide is repair costs will rise and will continue to rise because of vehicle complexity. Every car that rolls off the line today is meaningfully more complex than one, five years ago, and probably one a year ago. I saw anecdotally a recent description of a Ford focus having 300 microprocessors in it and a Ford electric vehicle having 3,000 of them for example. And I think that will play itself out over the years and decades to come. So, those forces, I think, are well known. Repair costs will rise. International demand for Copart vehicles will rise. The near-term variable is what happens to the used car prices, and that forecast is difficult to make in isolation. It does appear to be softening somewhat. But as for how that will play out over the next six to 12 months, that's harder for us to say.
