Jeff Liaw: Sure. Happy to address that, Bob. So Hi Marley is a service provider in the insurance ecosystem broadly speaking. They started in the messaging space, in particular, but they're committed to improving workflow efficiency as well as the interface between policyholders and companies within the insurance industry. Well I think we share that objective to improve insurance outcomes, to streamline processes and automate them on behalf of all the participants in the industry, so we're delighted to partner with them. We see that they have achieved some traction with some of the leading carriers in the space, and we think that we can develop product offerings together that will achieve those outcomes, reduce cycle times, reduce waste, increased policyholder satisfaction in total loss scenarios.
Jeff Liaw: I think it's likely a mix of the above. So we have developed and continue to refine our own image-based tools. And the more precise the exercise is certainly the more difficult the development challenge. But to assess a vehicle as a total loss, I think, for a healthy portion of them, the AI required is not best sophisticated, right, a car that has multiple airbags delivered, pardon me, deployed and they collided at 35 miles an hour that is five years old, it's highly probable to be a total loss, and the image recognition will only enhance the conviction of that call, where I think the image recognition becomes a more complicated endeavor is when there is slight damage and to estimate the actual repair cost and to try to forecast from deflection in a given panel, how much damage has been done to the underlying drivetrain or computing capabilities of the car, that's harder to do. But for the total loss application, we have a robust product ready to be deployed and deployed in some cases with insurance companies. But likewise, if there are other service providers that insurance companies prefer, we're happy to plug in with them as well. Ultimately, we share the same objective, maximum efficiency, maximum speed on behalf of our clients. If that happens through our natively developed products, great. If there is a product they prefer instead, that's great, too.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think it's a great question and tough to answer in a single paragraph in part because the answer varies very significantly by geography, by region, by city, even by areas in a given city. So as a blanket statement, we are certainly in a good place in terms of capacity and being able to serve our customers as they stand today. But we forecast 5 and 10 and 20 years at a time. And so very much still have the appetite for significantly more investments as well in land and capacity in part to support the growth that Bob you observed at the outset here. So we are -- if you were to look across our system, there's certainly pockets in which we know we need land relatively soon. There are other areas in which we know we are in good shape for 5, 6, 7, 10 years even, but I think we would expect to continue to deploy capital in support of our growth. If we look back now with the benefit of hindsight after 40-some years, the land we have bought is generally proven to be objectively a good financial investment regardless, which is not to say we would be wasteful or reckless about it. But in general, land itself is not consumption. It's investment in a durable asset that has proven to accumulate value as well over time.
Jeff Liaw: In a word, no, which is not to say that picture can't change in the years ahead. But the international demand and to be fair, there are countries that are -- they -- in the aggregate, international demand for cars from Copart has expanded very significantly on a one, 5, 10 year basis. For any individual country, the demand can be subject to economic volatility, inflation, unemployment, et cetera. But in the aggregate, the developing economies have seemingly perpetually growing appetite for our cars. Could that be satisfied by other providers, perhaps. But it seems that a high-grade US quality vehicle, UK, Canada, for that matter, that can be repaired is the better instrument to address that demand. And it has been -- at least that's been true for the past 20 years. I think we don't expect that to change.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. The purchasing approach is a necessary enabler. I think that was the -- what you were hinting at when it comes to our institutional clients. In the US, a healthy portion of our purchase volume is our direct-to-consumer business, so to speak. This is Cash For Cars in which we buy cars from customers because, to date, it hasn't proven to be a scalable solution to create a consumer-branded Copart. So the better solution for an individual vehicle owner is to buy the car to offer a certain value to them and to sell the car at a profit or so. If we could sell those cars purely on a consignment basis, we probably prefer it. And that certainly holds true for institutional clients as well in the US and elsewhere. In the UK when we entered in 2007, so that's now almost 16, it is 16 years ago when we entered the UK for the first time, the mix there for insurance clients was very heavily principal oriented. Today, we migrated to be a strong majority of those cars being sold on a consignment basis. That is generally our preferred approach, not necessarily because we make more money doing so, but because it is a better alignment of interest with our customers. When we buy cars from them, they want to sell them for the lowest possible value. We want to sell them for the highest possible value, and we're on the opposite side of the trade. When we instead our selling cars on their behalf, we're both rooting for the highest possible outcome and working collaboratively to do so. So it's a better alignment of interest with our institutional clients. It's more conducive to a constructive 20-year relationship than a principal trading counterparty arrangement.
Jeff Liaw: In this case, Craig, it's not the fundamental driver of the performance in the quarter. I would and I think it's fair to acknowledge that if you track Copart ASPs versus Manheim every quarter and go back a lot of years, they're certainly positively correlated and there are certainly some leads and lags. You would have seen our prices jump well before Manheim in the pandemic after the initial declines in the spring of 2020. Our prices increased far earlier than Manheim's ever did. And then in late 2021, if I have my date straight, we would have seen the wholesale market as reflected in that Manheim Index increase rapidly then, we continue to grow as well, but not at the same rate because we had grown earlier still. Today, with Manheim declining somewhat meaningfully year-over-year, our prices have held steady or grown, both for insurance units and noninsurance units. So that outperformance is not principally a shift from insurance to noninsurance. What I would observe, I think, is fair is that with used vehicle prices softening, we see total loss frequency rebounding. When total loss frequency increases and Copart earns the right to sell the marginal vehicle, those marginal vehicles will generally sell for more than the average vehicle before it. So I think that's -- that partially explains the strong performance on price on the insurance side as well as, of course, the auction performance itself. We see more bidders, more bids per vehicle, et cetera, et cetera. All the traditional metrics we used to talk about quarter-to-quarter we're seeing still better auction liquidity even per unit sold than we did a year ago, than we did 5 years ago and so on. So that explains part of it as well.
Jeff Liaw: Less so in this, yes, but less so in this case. In terms of the pure arithmetic for the quarter, that's not the principal driver of our outperformance relative to the Manheim Used Vehicle Index.
Jeff Liaw: I think it's similar, Bret. So, yes, they like the arbitrage or repair costs, but and we're going to pull this up and double check at real time. But I think it's directionally similar. Also like these cars, once brought to the marketplace, that's the point we've made in the past about the flywheel of liquidity. We bring buyers -- we bring vehicles to the buyers and therefore, buyers of the vehicles. And those buyers in turn development an interest for the cars we incrementally bring to the auction as well.
Jeff Liaw: It is, but also to what extent that's just the cost of doing business in 2023 and beyond, right? So we'll talk about next quarter next quarter. We definitely incurred some mobilization costs in preparation for a storm that didn't ultimately materialize. Now I think to be fair, if you look back to major storms like, Harvey, let's go all the way back to 2017, a lot of the massive expenses would be towing costs, temporary leases, short-term leases of racetracks and so forth. In this case, we haven't incurred those kinds of costs in part because we deployed the capital to own the land to be ready for it. So we would likely not have entered into meaningful emergency leases in this case, even had the storm arrived. And as for the towing, the towing largely never materialized at all because the cars weren't there.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. Bret, over the very long haul, as you know, we've returned capital to shareholders via stock buybacks. And no doubt, we will -- we'll do that again. It's a question of when and how. And historically, we've done so both via open market purchases as well as through more structured Dutch tender offerings and so forth. So that is the long-term answer. In the near term, yes, we are investing that cash in treasuries, which are certainly yielding better returns than they would have historically. And we think the fortress balance sheet is of value to ourselves and to our clients. I think it positions us to act very aggressively when we see land purchase opportunities, for example. It equips us to respond to a pandemic in a way that a lesser capitalized company could not, right? The pandemic arrived. I know it feels like a distant memory now, but there's a moment which we wondered if we'd be able to sell a car or if every DMV would shut down. And knowing that we have the capitalization we do, we're able to operate without furloughing employees, without suspending CapEx and we continue our business as is, and we will bend so that our insurance companies can rely upon us. That balance sheet is part of what enables us to be that resilient in that environment.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think that's an appropriate question. And when we consider areas in which we would expand strategically, we certainly always start with the question, what are we good at and where can we deploy those capabilities most profitably? And I think what we know we're good at is managing a high-volume digital auction platform, which we've done now for literally 20 years. So we started that in 2003 and have refined our approach repeatedly over the years and think we have a best-in-class online digital real-time auction platform, part one. Part two, I think we're good at managing the complex physical logistics of moving cars around, literally millions of vehicles that we retrieve from various places, including homeowner premises, dealers, repair shops and the like and deploying all of the employees and subcontractors to retreat them. We think we're good at managing complex regulatory environments as well. So we have 50 different DMVs, a multitude of different countries that we serve that have different title processes and so forth, and we can navigate those universe as well. And so knowing all of that, we consider strategically how do we deploy those capabilities. You know, having followed us for years that we are careful about that. We acquired National Powersport Auctions in 2017, which sells wholesale motorcycles. And we have not expanded beyond the perimeter of Copart except to expand ourselves into new countries very meaningfully since then. So all of those investment opportunities would face a very high bar for us to pursue. In the specific question you raised, there are markets in which we participate today. For example, the US in which the dismantling industry and the use of alternative parts is a well-trodden path already. The insurance industry, the repair industry here is well accustomed to that. And so there are many companies, including public companies that are in that business today, I think it's unlikely we would ever ourselves enter that space in part for the reasons you articulated, which is that we are the neutral intermediary that is optimizing auction proceeds for our customers. And if the best possible economic outcome for that car is dismantled, the dismantle will buy it. If the best possible outcome for that car is that it is driven again in the US or in Poland or in Nigeria, then our auction will find that buyer as well. As you noted, in this case in the UK, perhaps elsewhere in Europe, there has been less -- has been less penetration in alternative parts utilization. And to help turbocharge that some of our customers have made that specific request that they would like us to assist them in that. They don't -- I don't believe they expect us ultimately to dismantle a majority or anywhere close to a majority of the vehicles. The point is that having that capability as well at their request, right, we are very happy, as you know, to be the auction intermediary and to sell the car first and foremost to a third party wherever that third party may be, whether it's in the UK or elsewhere. But in this case, we'll meet our customers where they are and where they were is specifically asking us to take this on, and we're happy to do it.
Jeff Liaw: We do, I mean, in some respects, compete with them as it stands today. We are trying to earn the right to sell those cars from financial institutions, from corporate fleets, rental car fleets and the like. So we compete with many industry participants, including the traditional physical auction houses you have in mind. So that's a reality and has been for a long time, call it 3/4 of our business or thereabouts is insurance and the balance is not. And so if somehow the insurance -- if somehow we were to separate the businesses, which for all the reasons you've heard on this call today, we never would. But our noninsurance business itself would be a large-scale auction house without insurance whatsoever. Now so it turns out that having the two combined massively enhances the value proposition for both sides of it as well.
Jeff Liaw: Well, there's no expectation that we're going to divest it. We don't generally take on initiatives like that intending to -- for them to be temporary. But intellectually, I think the reason you struggle with it, Craig, is you are natively a US analyst and you are accustomed to decades of an industry in which the auction houses and the dismantlers and the repair shops are altogether separate pieces of the value chain, right? You've never seen them intermingled, and that's how we've operated now for 40 years and change. We've always preferred the notion of pure neutrality, and we'll sell the car to whomever values it -- to whoever, pardon me, values the car, the most whatever they're going to do with. In the UK, we've heard loud and clear, and it's not a one-off request, right, it is a near consensus view among the industry that there is value in their salvage auction provider, likewise providing access to dismantle parts. And so we want to address that head on. Ultimately, the customers' preferences prevail. We can certainly articulate to them why we think the circular economy can be equally supported with third parties doing the dismantling, but we are also happy to do it if that's what they would like us to do.
Jeff Liaw: I think it remains to be same. There are a lot of different forces at work here, including divergent views about alternative parts utilization. So there are some countries you can imagine in which the OEMs are very influential and they're able to preference insurance companies and repair shops to use first fit parts. There are other countries in which the carbon reduction initiative is more critical. And therefore, the use of recycled parts is more important. So I don't think it's the UK alone, but it was certainly the UK most acutely, but this is also a dynamic game, right? There's no question that preferences will change over the course of the next year three and five in many of the countries in which we do business.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us for the fourth quarter and we'll talk to you after Q1. Thank you.
