Jeff Liaw: Sure. I’d say, broadly speaking, Bob there hasn’t been any systemic shift in cycle time in terms of what it takes for us to process a car through the Copart system. I think as you note that Will did provide the additional color today that the growth in our non-insurance business, it ebbs and flows relative to the insurance business in the past quarter plus the growth has substantially outpaced our insurance growth. Therefore, the cycle times on those cars are certainly shorter and that has helped to drive some of the outperformance of unit sales, but no, not an underlying systematic shift in the business.
Jeff Liaw: So, when I said – and I misspoke and so when I say ebb and flow I certainly don’t mean the growth in the business, the growth has been consistent. I just mean that we have had calls in the past few years, for example, in which the insurance growth outpaced the non-insurance group. The non-insurance business has grown consistently. We think it’s a reflection in part of our excellent auction results, our member recruitment, which is a virtuous cycle. So, the dealers and the like are achieving excellent results and therefore are more inclined still to consign cars through Copart. As for the shift among non-insurance, we tend to talk about it as one chunk of business. As Will noted, the business is very different. There are dealer cars certainly financial institutions as well and charity volumes as well recognizing we have scarce resources. We of course wanted to deliver, first and foremost, excellent results and excellent service to our insurance carriers, but also to our non-insurance providers. We have to prioritize accordingly within that segment. That’s why you heard Will described growth in the dealer segment, for example, outpacing growth in our charities volumes.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. I will provide some comments and Will can jump in as well. I think the Brazilian investment at the outset we made is a long-term strategic play for Copart. We were temporarily affected of course by Brazilian macroeconomic and social issues that caused, for example, the currency to create relative to the dollar. In and of itself, the Brazilian business has performed quite well. And we, as you heard today, we believe our growth prospects there remain quite promising. So, the business is doing well. Absent the currency and macro issues about that that economy has faced over the past few years, I would say the trajectory has been very strong for us.
Jeff Liaw: As you know, Bob, we don’t provide any forward guidance. I think we have been consistent in saying that always taking a multiple quarter view on things like G&A and it is the right analytical approach. So, I wouldn’t take one low quarter or one high quarter and necessarily extrapolate forever off of that basis alone. So the acquisitions that you heard us describe were NPA and the Finland business, AVK, which we acquired as well. NPA, I think you know heard almost a year ago. AVK is smaller in comparison. I would take a multiple quarter view as opposed to extrapolating solely from the third quarter, the second quarter, or the first quarter alone.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. Thanks, Ben. We always remain open of course to strategic investments that help to enhance our core business and/or themselves financially attractive. So we of course wouldn’t rule anything out in that regard. That said, the major European markets that we are pursuing in earnest is Germany most prominently among them don’t have like-for-like Copart auction model businesses in them. So, we are developing the business for the first time in those countries as opposed to acquiring existing enterprises. So if they happen, they won’t be substantial acquisitions in the core markets in which we are participating today.
Jeff Liaw: No, so the ASPs would have a modest effect there, meaning for the same volume in this quarter versus a year ago, yes, selling prices are higher and so that has caused some of the lift. I think there is a tendency to overweight the vehicle sales revenue, because it is a much bigger portion of the revenue, of course, than it is of our actual contribution, because in effect, the gross merchandise value, the GMV, is in the revenue number as opposed to the rest of our business. So, it’s still small on balance. We don’t view it as contributing or consuming a meaningful portion of Copart’s capital base, I think its more noise than substance frankly in the P&L.
Jeff Liaw: Hey, Ryan. Thanks for the question. We are not prepared to comment on the forward market size or revenue size for Copart. I think it’s fair to say that the growth potential for us remains substantial for those cars as we have demonstrated in this quarter and in recent quarters as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, I think it’s worth noting here that Copart extended internationally or overseas more than a decade ago into the United Kingdom and the capital, the management bandwidth, the expertise, the technology it takes to pursue opportunities like that is substantial. So not commenting per se on what any competitors might do. We recognize the investment is substantial and that we control our own destiny. So, we intend to invest thoughtfully and aggressively to expand those markets and believe that it’s largely in our control.
Jeff Liaw: In our non-insurance business, no, it’s not. And let me give that, we were 16.1% in North America third quarter of last year for non-insurance.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. And most of the growth, like we have said, has been with the higher end cars from dealers and financial institutions and these are really nice cars. They bring a high ASP. And we wouldn’t be getting these cars if we weren’t develop – returning a nice return to these suppliers. They can remarket these cars any place and they are selling to us. So, we are very happy with the returns that we are providing. We are very happy with some of these programs that we have put in place to help reduce friction at any point in the process for both the buyers and the sellers with respect to buying these cars. And we don’t – while we don’t make any predictions, we think the dynamics we are currently experiencing should continue.
Jeff Liaw: No, we really don’t do much with franchise dealerships. It’s just an expansion of our independent leadership program.
Jeff Liaw: And Craig, further to that point as for the international activity on U.S. cars, that continues to rise year-over-year in terms of the number of bidders and the number of bids, the number of cars that go internationally, that trend for U.S. supplied cars continues to shift internationally.
Jeff Liaw: Per the other commentary, I think there is a lot of noise, because it’s just not that substantial portion of our business overall. The international business is one factor. I don’t think the non-insurance business per se affects this mix one way or the other.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. So in the near-term, we are generally speaking sure with the dollar. A stronger dollar makes our cars more expensive for international buyers. I am talking first about our U.S. auctions. So a weaker dollar enhances the purchasing power of international buyers and we would therefore see lists in our selling prices accordingly. So for the purposes of U.S. auctions, we are short at the dollar. When it comes to the UK earnings, as you note, there is first the effects of converting or translating. Those are our front words in GAAP territory, but nonetheless, the point is that our British pound earnings are worth more in U.S. dollars when the dollar is weaker and not when it’s stronger. Then, of course, within the UK itself, there is that similar effect that the stronger the pound, the less that non-UK buyers can afford to pay for cars and the opposite is true as well, that the weaker the pound is relative to the currencies of the buyers for UK cars, the higher the selling prices would be for those cars in the UK. But if you had to put just a five-word explanation, you would conclude that we, generally speaking, favor a weaker U.S. dollar.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. I’d start first we are certainly lapping a soft quarter last year or a soft quarter even in terms of bidding activity. We think the increased bidding, number of bidders and bidding activity is a reflection in part of our own investments in marketing in member recruitment here in the U.S. and internationally. So we have invested meaningful resources in expanding that buyer base over time and that is of course reflected in the bidding activity as well. To a lesser extent perhaps, but also relevant is that currency matter we just talked about that the dollar is weaker again year-over-year relative to some relevant currencies and that has enhanced the buying power of non-U.S. buyers within our U.S. auctions.
Jeff Liaw: Terrific. Well, thanks for joining us for the third quarter fiscal ‘18 earnings call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Will Franklin: Yes. We are not looking to change our model to go to live auction or to change the operational structure in our facilities. We are reaching out and trying to enhance and add volume that this flow within our model and if we can do so by introducing new brands or back office programs then we are very attracted to those opportunities.
Will Franklin: Yes. All of Europe is attractive market to us. Our focus right now is Germany. And if we are successful in Germany, we think that the rest of Europe will follow suit just by virtue of the fact that many insurance companies are pan-European and understanding the effort it takes to expand internationally, which is tremendous and it’s just not a matter of learning the losses, developing the systems and buying and developing the facilities, which require not only time, but a lot of capital. It would take years for anyone to enter the market and compete against us at this point.
Will Franklin: I don’t think there has been an extensive utilization of U.S. buyers on the German market. I think they developed their own market, their own buyer base. I can tell you that in terms of the number or the volume of cars that are going outside of Germany is very, very high, approaching 80%, mostly the Eastern Europe and Poland.
Will Franklin: No, we really haven’t seen that. We did have a technical one and that remarketed cars under the old convention or I guess the existing convention for establishing residual values on salvage cars and many of those buyers are transitioning to the Copart platform, but we really haven’t seen many of the U.S. buyers transitioning.
Will Franklin: Well, actually, the acquisition was from an insurance consortium that owned this salvage enterprise. So, we feel very comfortable that we will retain that business. Frankly, there aren’t many other options. One of the things that was attractive about it was the fact of enhancing our buyer base in Germany and other European locations.
Will Franklin: Currently, we are running them on our existing auction platform under the Copart brand. And I would tell you that the buyers are primarily dealers and exporters. So, if you recall the comments I made earlier, our international buyers besides Mexico which you would expect as this proximity are the UAE, Nigeria and now Jordan, people buying these cars, taking them to those locations and then redistributing throughout the region in those areas.
Will Franklin: Sure. It’s a new brand that we have got it to our portfolio. We have CrashedToys and NPA and Copart and it’s a brand targeted at the whole car buyer providing them information and assurances that don’t normally exist on the Copart auction. For example, we are providing condition report and in certain situation, we will provide a vehicle grade based on the Manheim metrics. We are just being with the very initial phases of rolling this out.
