John North: Thanks. Good morning. During today’s call, we’ll discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which include adjustments to income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, legal matters and discrete income tax items. We provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures on our Investor Relations website and in our press release issued yesterday. We believe these non-GAAP measures, together with the corresponding GAAP measures, are relevant in analyzing our results and assessing our business trends and performance. In addition, our comments today include forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including management’s current views with respect to trends, opportunities and uncertainties in our markets. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. For more detail on the risks associated with our business, we refer you to the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021, and each of our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we have no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. And so with that out of the way, I’d like to turn the call over to our CO-CEO, Jeff Liaw.
John North: Yeah, I mean it's a combination of vehicle prices and also units. And as we mentioned, we've seen significant growth in the U.S. in our consumer-facing business, our Cash For Cars business, where we buy lower-value vehicles directly from consumers. That's been growing rapidly. We made great progress there. And it's incremental liquidity in the marketplace. So we are happy to have it. It doesn't displace other business in the U.S. per se. So we are happy to have those cars as well. Internationally, I think really it’s a testament to the success we're having in Germany. We've seen great growth there in terms of assignment volume. And like many nascent markets, oftentimes, you are starting providing insurance carriers with more certainty, which requires a greater mix of purchased vehicle contracts.  That business evolved exactly the way it did in the U.S. and in the UK, whereas we build trust and relationships and demonstrate tangible returns to insurance carriers we can align and move to a more consignment-based model. And so you've seen both of those.
John North: Yeah, I think we called it out specifically in the U.S., Chris, because that's been a significant driver of the purchased vehicle volume in the U.S. market. And certainly, it's – we've seen just overall vehicle inflation, which has driven the number higher as well, as I am sure you can appreciate. So whatever business we had a year ago is certainly up dramatically when you just think about the change in the Manheim Index year-over-year. So those are the two big factors there. In terms of the specific vehicle, I mean, go check out the website, it's cashforcars.com. Historically, we used to call it Copart Direct internally, but we have been branding it as Cash For Cars, and we put pretty dramatic resources into that business over the last couple of years and have seen pretty significant growth. So the average car is obviously significantly lower than our overall ASP.  Think of these as the cars that would be a direct-to-wholesale piece. If you took into a CarMax or a Carvana, never a car that they are going to retail it’s to the tune of $1,500 or $1,000 or something like that.
Jeff Liaw: In short, the capacity efforts -- I appreciate the question, Pete, our capacity expansion efforts have been ongoing for years. You first heard about the 20/20/20 initiative in the spring of 2016. So that's six years ago and our land acquisition, as you know, during that period of time has been elevated even relative to our history, during which we bought lands almost as much as we could find. Nowadays, those land purchases continue and we do believe we're well equipped to handle a cyclical rebound as used car prices decline. So we can handle that volume as it comes, but we are still purchasing land in anticipation of future growth as well, both in the day-to-day business, as well as our catastrophic readiness in light of increased volatility. It's not just the need for more land overall. It's also to accommodate greater volume. It's also an increased ability to handle spikes that are attributable to storm activity as well.
Jeff Liaw: I appreciate the question. No structural changes per se. I think, like many businesses or perhaps most businesses in this global economy, the inflationary forces – and we've always faced inflation in past quarters and past years, perhaps we'll be talking more about healthcare expenditures in some instances. In some cases, we talk about fuel and the like. Today, those key drivers, of course, are fuel, to the extent that we use our own fleet to pickup trucks, certainly, there are increased costs for vehicles and loaders and the like. And to the extent that we use third parties to manage our logistics or to retrieve vehicles for us, they in turn are facing elevated fuel, labor, vehicle costs and the like. So nothing unusual. So I wouldn't characterize it as a structural change or a structural shift, just the same underlying variables that most businesses are facing today.
Jeff Liaw: A fair question. I think this is an unusual enough moment in history that it's tough to forecast from this as the baseline in the sense that this is the first time I can remember that I could sell my truck which is two years old for well north of what I paid for two years ago, having put 20,000 miles on it, right? So it's tough to extrapolate too much from today's trends. I don't think that's the – so I think a reversion to anything resembling historical norms, I think, would drive total loss frequency up. I don't think that necessarily means a very radical change in used car prices, but I think it does mean that used cars that are two years old can't sell for meaningfully more than new ones.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. It's a fair question. I think, we perceived that and acted upon that kind of business as an opportunity for years and have pursued that business and built the capabilities to service those types of customers and have made good progress in that regard. Industry changes, like the one you mentioned, I think cause disruption to the status quo. So I think it's a potentially favorable catalyst for us. But ultimately, we still have to prove our value proposition, deliver excellent returns to our sellers, provide excellent service to them as well. So it's a helpful fact perhaps on the margin, but ultimately, the challenge is ours and we think we'll rise to meet it.
Jeff Liaw: I think, Copart, as you know, I think, has long been – has long had a very collaborative culture to begin with. So we make decisions based on the data and debating the merits of tabs X, Y, Z. So I think in many respects, business continued as it did before.  I was President of the business before and worked closely with our international teams in our U.S. functions and our customers to drive excellent outcomes for them. So I think from your perspective and for most of the outside world, not a radical change from the day before.
Jeff Liaw: A recession, which, of course is top of mind for everyone. I think the – historically, I would have told you that it can lead to higher unemployment. We are, of course, today at nearly all-time low unemployment levels, but it can lead to elevated unemployment and therefore a reduction in commuting for work and otherwise.  And of course, over the course of the past two years, we've seen a decline in that commuting traffic anyway even as the economies – the global economy has boomed. So I think it's difficult to prepare for it. I think our assumption is that we will have to continue growing our capacity and serving our customers with greater volumes tomorrow than today. And so, I think preparation - we are ready for it if it comes, but I don't know that it changes the trajectory of how we manage the business day-to-day.
Jeff Liaw: If so, modestly. I think it's – we've been on a many year run of very low repossessions and certainly over the course of the past few years, because there is so much equity value in any loan outstanding that wasn't issued very, very recently.  Those are almost always in the money. So the repo volumes remain low even if you're struggling to make your payments, you can likely cash in your asset, whether that's a car or a bike for that matter for positive equity not negative.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. Great question and one we are constantly reevaluating. I think first – the first half of your question, what happens when volumes pick up to our demand for towing capacity. I think there is so many confounding variables. The real question is what's caused that volume to go up, right? Is the used car prices have softened somewhat and so total loss frequency reverts to its historical trends and we see many more cars being towed instead of repaired.  That's one scenario. If you told me there were a dramatic global economic downturn, leading to very high unemployment and suddenly heightened availability of drivers that would be a different question altogether. But as to your more general question, we have long had a mix, certainly very heavily in favor of third-party contractors now for many, many years to retrieve vehicles for us, but we've also operated our own fleet.  Historically, the logic there was we wanted to have some capacity to serve, in particular in storms because that's when drivers are of course, in the shortest supply. When we certainly have elevated 5x, 10x ordinary day-to-day volume in a major metro area, having drivers migrate there from elsewhere in the U.S. is challenging.  So we have built our own capacity. Our catastrophic fleet, so to speak, to serve our customers in their times of need and ours. We are also evaluating doing more of that on a day-to-day basis as well, not per se because of the fortress balance sheet, but because it may allow us to better serve our customers. And so we have purchased certainly meaningfully more trucks in the past couple of years than we had previously for that express purpose. Long term, we continue to think there are technology solutions that can help increase efficiencies for our logistics, including by the way, expansion of footprints. Every new yard we add reduces to some extent, the miles that any given car has to be towed to get to a Copart facility but as well as our technology, our location-based driver apps, which help to better dispatch, better deploy our drivers, whether they are in-house employees or third parties.
Jeff Liaw: And then the growth otherwise in noninsurance also was driven by some of those other non-salvaged sources that we mentioned in the opening comments from rental car fleets corporate fleets, financial institutions and the like, so both.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. I think there's a little bit of splitting the difference. So, gross margin, when you say that, I think, mathematically, you literally mean the percentage, right? And so, that phenomenon is in part a shift to purchased vehicles.  And in practice, these are not – we manage the duration of these assets very aggressively or we don't want to own purchased cars speculatively or purchased by speculatively. We want to buy them when it makes sense to and when necessary and we want to sell them very quickly. So they are not long-duration assets and therefore, we manage them to absolute dollar profit. And just by its nature, you will make a higher percentage return on a $1,000 car than you will a $5,000 car. You'll make more on a $5,000 car in absolute dollars, but far less on a percentage basis.  So as we've seen an increase in purchased car mix, that drives the quote margin rate down, as we've seen an increase in the value of the average purchased car, you'll also observe a decline in the percentage rate as a result, as well.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. Dealer volume is incredibly important to us and has been for years. In this environment, as you are well aware of both the dealers, in particular, used car dealers are struggling for volume themselves. That remains a meaningful and profitable business for us and a huge long-term priority for us as well. We didn't call it out specifically in this quarter it was not a meaningful driver of growth for us for the quarter year-over-year.
Jeff Liaw: So run and drive is a kind of a specific technical term. But to the – I made the comment actually in the ESG section. If you wanted to guess how many of our cars are ultimately driven as cars again as opposed to harvested for parts, metals and the like, we think it's approximately half.  Between 40% and 50% of the cars ultimately are used as cars, either in the U.S. or in the native market from which it originates or elsewhere in a developing economy where the cars are wrecked cars or incredibly desirable, drivable cars to them.
Jeff Liaw: The unit volume trends in Germany are very encouraging. I think I mentioned on the last call, we are selling cars on a consignment basis for the majority of the Top-10 carriers in Germany, none yet with the nationwide all-in deal but certainly doing so at volume for a good number of insurance carriers today.  They are, as you noted, affected more so even in the U.S. by the instability – the regional instability, let's call it, as a good number of their buyers come from countries affected by the recent conflict. So they will feel that to some extent. But nevertheless, earning good consignment volume on behalf of insurance carriers making good forward progress there.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. It's a fair question and many nested questions therein. As for whether that economic model is ultimately compelling, I think time will tell. And there, as you know, are a number of participants in that space, some publicly traded and others not. We do follow that business model carefully. We do experiment with offerings like that and in fact, have done so in our own business.  We do continue to believe that liquidity is paramount and so bringing the buyers and sellers together in an auction online, yes, but bringing them together in an online auction in which we achieve price discovery and maximum returns for our sellers is ultimately the way we deliver value to them. Now, whether that will someday be achieved virtually versus in our physical facilities, I think, remains to be seen.  But I don't think that's a structurally challenging pivot for us per se. But today, the strong majority of our cars, as you noted, are still – we are still physically touching them.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. In short, we have. I think the – let's say, not even the pound certainly, but also just the basket of international currencies period have certainly weakened relative to the dollar. And for the reasons you noted, we "prefer" a weaker dollar for our business both for the translation of earnings that we generate in other countries as well as for international participants at our U.S. auctions. So that has had an effect. It's no doubt been a headwind in the business. I think the good news in our business today is that the auction liquidity is robust enough that there are always a very healthy number of countries looking at and bidding on vehicles certainly many buyers in the U.S., across the U.S. and in Canada, Mexico and Central and South America and the like that are bidding.  So there is enough cumulative liquidity to mitigate those effects to some extent. But yes, if we woke up with a dollar at 2019 levels, we would see auction returns, all else equal, be meaningfully higher.
Jeff Liaw: We haven't disclosed that. But it's – they are meaningful in the sense that there were years in which many high-value cars would be sold for example, to Ukraine and to Russia. It is – it matters, but it's not a large percentage overall.
