Jeff Liaw: Yeah. Fair question, Bob. And that is certainly a healthy portion of the explanation is that the activity that comes from inventory growth. This is -- the fourth quarter is not historically an inventory build quarter for us. We tend to build in the second quarter, in particular ending in January through the winter, to some extent, the third. The fourth quarter is usually a quarter in which we are liberating inventory and preparing for the seasons ahead this year, in part because of the pandemic investment, in part because of growth in the business for the reasons we talked about a little while ago. Yes, that is a meaningful portion of the driver of yard costs.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, that's the right question and almost an impossible one. My answer might be different, even in June, when the vaccines were rolling out, and I thought that we were on our way to being done with at all, and then the Delta variant emerged. And we've seen, of course, case counts rise again in many of certainly across the U.S. and in many of our other markets as well. So I think that the forecast is, I don't know that we would have a more insightful perspective about the unwinding of COVID-19 than others might. On driving activity, we look to the same metrics, you might, which is the DoT data, the gas consumption data. We have certainly information from our insurance company clients as well, which would suggest huge growth versus the fourth quarter of last year, but not yet back to fourth quarter of 2019 levels. When that bounces back, I don't -- candid answer is we don't know. I would guess multiple quarters though.
Jeff Liaw: I think the quotes typical car as you're describing looks somewhat similar though, higher ASP and off the cuff likely even adjusted for the Manheim index. The natural liquidity pool for us as you know from the insurance side of things becomes a better and less damaged and more valuable car over the years that's been true forever, as you know. That therefore has cultivated a different buyer base, different member base who's looking for a drivable car. And that in turn that liquidity has benefited us on the dealer side. That trend certainly continues. And I think if you've visited some of our yards, you'd be astonished by some of the high value Range Rovers and European vehicles that you would see on lots, that's at least on their surface look perfectly good and perfectly functional in many cases. So it is a gradual shift over time. This is not an overnight shift. But the liquidity certainly has nudged us up market, so to speak, and CD in our Copart dealer business as well.
Jeff Liaw: Sure. Thanks, Stephanie. The significant catastrophic activity largely occurred after the quarter. So in the United States, in particular, we did experience some flooding in the U.S. and in Germany prior compared to catastrophic events. In the past, these events were relatively modest in absolute size. In terms of catastrophic readiness, I think you posed the question, Stephanie, we have invested massively in this anticipating more severe weather over the years to come. In a catastrophe, the key questions are, do we have the technology to support the suddenly accelerated volume of activity. The answer is yes, and we are continuing to invest behind it. Do we have the land to store the vehicles until we can process the titles and sell them on behalf of our insurance company clients? The answer to that is yes, we have bought and built catastrophic yards that in many cases have run idle, simply awaiting a catastrophic event to service our customers again. We certainly depending on where the CAT event might be, also then lease land on a temporary basis as well to expand our capacity. And then towing and trucking is certainly an important variable as well. We pick up of course, millions of cars a year on behalf of our customers and have, again, a more acute need in the middle of a catastrophe. We have therefore invested in a fairly sizable fleet of our own, which we expect to continue to invest in as well to support those efforts. So these are folks day to day who are deployed in their home yards but in a crisis are asked to join us on the ground, where the need is most acute. So those are all ways for us to address to be more ready in anticipation of the weather events rather than scrambling last minute. Those have been investments that we've made very consistently and continue to grow year-after-year.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, I think that's an insightful question or insightful premise. And I think it is true that in Germany and elsewhere, the catastrophic events very much underscore the Copart value proposition that our service, our hustle in a moment of crisis is still more visible at moments like that to insurance carriers, whether they are longtime customers who have been with us for 30-years, or German insurance customers, we're recording for the first time or converting more of their volume to the consignment model under Copart’s business model. That I think is certainly true. So all else equal this this for sure, it better communicates our value proposition to the German market.
Jeff Liaw: Craig, I think the introductory clause there I think is accurate. We tend not to declare much victory in particular on investor calls, where we launch these products to our sellers, our customers and our members as well. So I'll talk more broadly, I think we have introduced a range of products and enhanced them that help our customers to process titles more quickly. The loan payoff tool we talked about in the past is better still today than it was a year ago in terms of the lender coverage. Lien cars are an especially challenging title for insurance carriers to obtain, and therefore to allow us to sell the vehicle. And I think our various offerings loan payoff included in that realm are better than they ever have been. When it comes to the member side of things, we have deployed a number of different tools, including app based tools, including mobile check-ins and scheduling of pickups and such that has made their experience more seamless. And we think we are reducing friction for new and existing members to buy cars at Copart, and certainly have much to do on our to do list to move that ball forward. And then lastly, and perhaps most importantly, the auction itself is arguably our most important single platform that we invest in very aggressively to make the experience faster to make it still more mobile friendly to let anyone who wants to see and buy and track vehicles at Copart to make that as seamless experience as possible. Our paid member growth, paid member growth is up very meaningful year-over-year, a reflection of our investments in that arena.
Jeff Liaw: I think that's a -- no effect, probably is overstating it. I think the point would be that the offsetting forces have overwhelmed that, so vehicle demand, the member recruitment and auction liquidity have more than covered it. I think it's also fair to say that when it comes to shipping containers and the inflationary pressures there, those are much heavier on inbound volume to the U.S. as has always been the case then it is the containers leaving or the ships leaving the U.S. and going elsewhere. I think those routes tend to be a little less congested, the slots less spoken for. So those pressures I think are more modest than they might appear at first glance.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, to the last portion of your question, which is probably the easiest certainly metals, commodity metals are rebounding like many underlying physical goods in terms of the prices. Still, it's a small minority of our cars. They're sold for the pure meltdown value so to speak. And it's still smaller minority of our relevant economics where the car that sells for a few hundred dollars and is stripped of a part or two and then melted down is a very valuable service that we provide to our communities and our customers to eliminate those cars, but not as consequential when it comes to the economics of our business.
Jeff Liaw: No, we haven't disclosed that precise mix in the past and don't tend to do so. But in terms of the run and drive mix, yes it is a reflection of rising total loss frequency, so that less damaged cars. And I think it's probably easier Bret for that matter to strip the insurance from everything else to isolate that question. But when it comes to the insurance vehicles, yes, more cars are drivable today because a car can be totaled because a rear sensor or front sensor or lane departure warning sensor on the mirror is knocked out and the replacement and calibration is expensive. Yes, there are more run and drive cars as a percentage of the total.
Jeff Liaw: Great. Good question. And certainly the challenge of land acquisition and development is universal. It varies and it certainly varies by degrees, even here in the United States, depending on what city and state we're talking about. It then varies across countries as well and within those countries as well. So it’s difficult to provide a thoughtful nuanced answer there. But yes, the challenges are similar. We do have the capacity in Germany to support the business we have and we have built for growth. But certainly we would expect to invest more over the years to come to support on our ongoing growth there. There is lead time to do so. So you've heard us tell the stories here in the U.S. in the past, in which we would buy a parcel of land in in California, for example that we've been pursuing for 20-years. We don't expect that to severely time in these markets. But it does take time to identify, to permit and to develop the land before we can operate on it.
Jeff Liaw: Same answer. Yes, we have the capacity to serve the business today and for near, medium-term growth, but also that we intend to and will invest more still in it to support our future business there.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. Well, inflation, perhaps the generalized first, it's always a consideration in our business. And in different years, there are different inflationary inputs for our business. In many years, of course, it's been healthcare, fuel and other such commodities. Today, yes, somewhat more acute for all the reasons you're reading about in probably the press already. We're comfortable, we can manage that inflation and continue to deliver operating leverage in our business. So in short, towing costs are a significant portion of our costs at the yard level. So they certainly do matter to us. But we think it's manageable. And we haven't proactively raised it as a consideration this quarter, because it's just part of the business as is labor cost, healthcare costs, power and utilities, and so forth. It's part of what we do.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, I think there's a healthy distribution of buyers, some cases pure one-off buyers who will literally buy one car and then disappear. And there are others who make it their business by hundreds, in some cases thousands of vehicles to rebuild and sell in their native markets. We have experimented and dabbled certainly in international shipping over the years. If there is a healthy ecosystem that emerges, of course, around a business of our size, other folks who do ship, who do aggregate vehicles, who do martial them on behalf of buyers. So it's something we would continue to evaluate. But there's a robust enough and healthy enough ecosystem around us that has never been a barrier to auction participation.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, it’s a small regional provider in our space that we've had a relationship with years and bought it in the Midwestern United States.
Jeff Liaw: Sure, I think you've got probably eight questions nested in there, but we'll try to tackle them. On the question of ASPs, and what is driving their growth, the third variable I'd add to your list in addition to I think, first you were citing the market dynamics and use vehicles today. Second, you're citing our member recruitment, retention, expansion and experience. The third variable I'd add to that list is total loss frequency that as carriers total more cars, as they fill newer and less damaged vehicles that has a healthy effect on ASPs as well. So the latter two, I would describe as durable long-term secular forces. The first I think, is an open question. I think all three have mattered a lot over the course of the past year. The first question on to what extent the vehicle values are typical or reflections of more secular structural forces, I think is a fair question. I don't know that we have an especially enlightened perspective on that. I think some of it for sure is here to stay, perhaps not all of it. How the semiconductor universe and the new vehicle, universe et cetera, how those forces unwind or how they rebound over the course of the next six to 24-months, I think is I don't know that we have a different perspective on that.
Jeff Liaw: Latest data, June, July, August, which suggests ongoing recovery. And certainly now is the Northeast goes back to school, also post-Labor Day we're seeing a recovery. But not yet back to 2019 levels. I don't know that we have a finer resolution on that question than you would, we're looking at the same underlying data. As for the distribution of driving hours, I think we've seen a change both in when people drive and where they drive to. So less commuting much more retail, much more recreation, I think in some cases, as folks have avoided airlines and such. Now that has frankly yielded in the end higher accident frequencies and that I think had been predicted going into the pandemic. If you told folks that vehicle miles traveled would go down by ex-percent, I think the conventional wisdom is that accidents, the number of accidents in the absolute would go down by more than ex-percent. And in fact, it has gone down by significantly less than ex-percent, a reflection of higher speed driving, more distracted driving, and the like. So, even though the congestion I think has been appreciably less than it once was, I think that has not yet yielded the effect you just described.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, fair question, Bret. I think we launched you may remember Jay talking about it in the spring of 2016, or then 20, 2020 program to expand our footprint to absorb the growth that was to come. If anything, we had then under declared our ambitions by a fair bit, and have continued to invest even through this past quarter, as you've seen. The issue with the forward prognosis is that this is a dynamic question. It's a reflection of what we see in volume growth, share gain, growth of our non-insurance business, cycle times, et cetera. But we are certainly continuing to meet literally weekly to review our investment opportunities in land and the like, both in the U.S. and overseas. So my expectation is that we'll continue to invest in land. It each quarter, as you know, tends to be very lumpy, because the nature of land is that we chase it for a long time, and it finally comes through and therefore one quarter suddenly, much more substantial than the prior one. But we can continue to invest in our business, it's essential to what we do. So we expect that to continue.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah, maintenance CapEx, I think as a proxy depreciation and amortization is a decent starting point. It's a reflection of the useful lives logic that we are diligent about and review with our accountants and so forth, that that should reflect how long that asset should last. And it's a good proxy certainly across the company overall.
Jeff Liaw: Excellent. I appreciate the questions, Stephanie. And the logic is a little bit circular, but it is the growth, the quality of our cars, the vehicles that we earn the right to sell from dealers then brings additional members on board. The increasing total loss frequency brings more members on board. The increasing members who are on board then brings more consignments from dealers and insurance companies. So it certainly is circulars that very much works in both directions. In terms of the actual active measures we take on member recruitment, it very much varies by country, by market, by type of buyer. It can include things as mundane is the trade show attendance, physical media, certainly social media, and the like. But it's radio ads, et cetera. It's all over the map and we tried to have a sophisticated market specific approach to each of our major member buying countries. It's also a major to do of ours to anticipate the next country which has the characteristics of one that should be a major Copart buyer, and to invest proactively in that. And then once they're in the funnel, we view the member experience is paramount as well, not just the registration and becoming eligible to bid and participate at Copart auctions, but really the lifetime journey with Copart, what it means to buy a car, pay for it, pick it up, and so on and so forth. And there are certainly enhancements we'll provide there over the years to come as well.
Jeff Liaw: I think it's perhaps more accurate Ali, to say that for the same catastrophic event relative to 10-years ago, the financial effect impact to us is more muted than it otherwise would have been. Now, every catastrophic event is unique. And the East Coast is very different from Louisiana, which is in turn very different from Houston, Texas, which is certainly in turn different in Germany as well. So it's a matter of investing proactively. It's partially a question of cost, because it allows us to clip the extremes of the supply curve, but largely about service too. The reason we own trucks and land and have a catastrophic team already assigned here at Copart, who is ready to deploy at a moment's notice, that as much about customer service as it is about cost. But yes, all else equal, the margin effects would be more muted today than they otherwise would have been. But the priority really is providing excellent service to our customers.
Jeff Liaw: The vehicle sales growth, there are a number of different avenues through which Copart purchases cars, including our Copart direct business, which reflects vehicles we buy directly from consumers and in turn sell at our auction platform. It certainly includes our international business. In Germany, as we penetrate the market and show the market why the consignment model with Copart makes the most sense, we also hope to get the flywheel going by purchasing cars there as well. So there are a number of different forces. I think, unfortunately, the vehicle sales number just has an awkwardly outsized effect on the P&L results, especially if you're focused on basis point changes and margin rates and the like. But certainly, we continue to evaluate the business on a per vehicle economics basis, which is a little bit less transparent to the outside world. But yes, vehicle sales have grown, but even still relative to the actual size of our business very modest. Meaning, if we were to gross up every car we sold to its actual selling price, you will see that the purchase of vehicles is pretty modest in the grand scheme of things.
Jeff Liaw: No, appreciate the question. I don't think we could provide an absolute number or an estimate of our market share. We certainly do know that our customers have alternatives and we act that way and invest and operate that way as well. Our market share gains which you just described a moment ago, a reflection of some of the things we talked about on the call, including catastrophic readiness, including auction liquidity and day to day service, including the technology stack or member experience, et cetera. So over the years, we certainly have grown our market position, because we take it. That's one of our key aspirations as a business, and we hope to do so in the future as well, but not in a position to provide an absolute estimate.
Jeff Liaw: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us for the fourth quarter. We'll talk to you in a couple of months after the first quarter of fiscal ‘22. Thanks, everybody.
