William E. Franklin: Yes. I mean, it's not a meaningful amount at this point, Bob. I mean, Germany is Internet revenue. It's a -- compared to -- the amount per transaction is very small. And Brazil is still growing. So it's just not a meaningful amount. I don't know if we'll break that out at this point on a per country basis.
William E. Franklin: Yes, absolutely. So I mean, the large element of those costs is the additional subhaul. So we brought in subhaulers, I think about 550 subhaulers from as far away as Washington State to help us address the additional Sandy volume. We moved 300 people from the other parts of our company, including the U.K., into that area to help address the volume. We opened up 17 temporary facilities, over 350 acres and that was expensive land. And all those are well above the normal cost that you'd expect with processing these cars. And the way the accounting rules work is you can't put those costs up on the balance sheet, you had to flush it through as a period cost, and therefore you have this choppiness in reporting the results of these types of storms. So that's what led to the $11.9 million loss, the processing of these incremental cars.
William E. Franklin: Well, we look at the IT and we break it on different components. And internally, we look at it in what we call keep the lights on. Keep the lights on is just -- is to run, provide services internally to run the auctions at our current level with our current international footprint. And based on those assumptions, we're going to spend about $8 million more this year than we would expect to spend in 2015. And we'll have some incremental costs in 2014 as well. Now when those costs will present themselves in the quarter is the problem we have in predicting because it depends on the nature of the activity that's taking place. Some of it's capitalizable and some of it's not. So those capitalizable doesn't have as large impact during that quarter.
William E. Franklin: We've only disclosed previously that the buyer fees in North America are more than half. And that's consistent this quarter.
William E. Franklin: Yes, I don't know if we'll break them out by country going forward. It's [indiscernible] less than $5 million during the quarter.
William E. Franklin: Yes, Bill, I just wanted to add, in addition to Jay's comments, that we did have an uplift in our international activity. So for the quarter, about 25% of the volume and over 30% of the value of everything we sold went to buyers registered outside the country.
William E. Franklin: No, I mean there's so much uncertainty that surrounds our CapEx spend, Craig. I mean, like we've looked at yards in Los Angeles or Southern California for years and years, haven't been able to find one. But if we did find one, we would be spending $25 million to obtain that. But there's no way we can predict that. So it's difficult for us because of the uncertainty and the nature of these negotiations to determine when we'll be actually spending money.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, and I'll comment on the process. So we have acquired some land as Will stated on the call. And I think it's pretty clear to everybody, our preference is to own the facilities. We think that they are critical to the operation of the company because of the zoning, et cetera. But it doesn't mean that we'll only buy, there'll be opportunities when we may lease with an option to purchase down the road. So we will be doing that in these markets, continuing that. This is really, right now, a technology play for us. We've got to get -- and we talked a little bit about it in Will's opening remarks, we've got to get Overdrive completed. And Project Overdrive, as we talked about, we're at halftime for Overdrive. It's a 3-year process. We've got 18 months left basically for Overdrive to quit. And in the process of doing that, we've come out with a mobile app and we've upgraded a number of systems in the company. But one of them is the operating system that we've got for our locations. So we've got a great operating system but it's not localized. And so it -- key is that it speaks 3 languages: English, Canadian and American. And we need a system that will be localized for the different markets like Portuguese in Brazil. So when that system comes out, then we'll be integrating those facilities, and that will bring our auction technology, our reporting and everything else that Will talked about in his comments that our clients want. That will bring that tech and those needs to those markets. And that will speed up the process. So we've made those acquisitions, as Will said, it's really a similar play to the U.K. It took us about 1 year to integrate the U.K. when we first stepped into that market and so, now we're talking about new technology that has be installed, and then converting hearts and minds of customers over to seeing these benefits and basically making changes.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, the volume seem higher. It seems it may be weather-related. Our experience, whether it's a major earthquake, whether it's a hurricane event, our experience is that it slows volumes down because it disrupts the marketplace, stops people from driving and doing what they normally do. And that's a catastrophe, I mean, they get into that mode. So our experience is that it negatively impacts markets typically. But we are seeing volumes up, I mean, across the country, so I'm not sure so much that its weather or isn't weather. I just know that 2 fundamental things are happening right now, return are up and volumes are up.
A. Jayson Adair: Starting to lean towards multiple vendors? They're already with multiple vendors. I mean you don't see -- if I can rephrase the question, we don't see a trend where people that are doing business nationally are splitting that with multiple vendors. The industry tends to be split where customers are doing business with multiple vendors. And occasionally, you will see an insurance company choose one supplier for all their business. But it's pretty rare. I mean, it's not something that happens on a frequent basis. We talked about it in the past. We've got well over 100 national contracts for supply but then a lot of those are very, very small insurance companies that are not multistate. They may just be doing business or I should say, not national. They may be just doing business in 2 or 3 states. And then some are very large, like Allstate Insurance where we handle all their cars. So I wouldn't say there's a trend either direction right now. But clearly, there's not a trend to go from national to multi-vendor.
A. Jayson Adair: No, no. I hadn't thought about it that way. It's a good question. Yes, I was referring to traditional salvaged vehicles that we process. These are -- most of these vehicles were not wrecked per se. They were flood-damaged and so they brought more money than traditional damaged vehicles. I was not referring to Katrina.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, I don't. I mean, we've sold saltwater-damaged cars a lot of times, Katrina was. So that's nothing new per se for us to sell product like that.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, if you think about Will's comments, his opening remarks, without me getting to the details again, we've spent a lot of cash in the quarter. We finished the quarter with less than $50 million in cash. So we take a pretty conservative approach towards our balance sheet as most investors know at this point, so that was the reason.
A. Jayson Adair: The way that you break out a vehicle as a Sandy loss, you try to do it based on date of loss. But there are a lot of vehicles that come in later, and so it's hard to determine. So we're comfortable it's over 50,000 cars. But we don't want to get into trying to narrow it down tighter than that.
A. Jayson Adair: We have historically said, and this hasn't changed, that we don't make money on these cats. And I think that's the case for everybody in the industry. When you end up having a cat, it's just not a -- it's not a pleasant experience.
A. Jayson Adair: Sure. I would say that they're, for the most part, you're going to have an older vehicles that gets flooded, you realize that, so it's not on every car, but for the most part, these cars are out of their price range. These are vehicles that are going to be highly desired by exporters. So the international community bid heavily on these vehicles. So yes, I mean I can't really comment on their statement, Bill, but I'd just tell you what we're seeing. This is stuff that is probably outside of -- the majority of them are outside of the demand for a dismantler/ buyer. There's going to be some vehicles there that dismantlers will buy. They're going to be older vehicles and they'll be in that range. But I would say the majority of these vehicles are outside of that range.
A. Jayson Adair: My guess would be they'll definitely repair them. When you're talking late model. If you're talking older stuff, then it's probably going to get parted out. A lot of these vehicles are going to be repairable, there's no question about that. And I'll just add that they're going to have -- we're selling them on salvage titles. They will be branded, so there's no question that they've been damaged. But to think that they're not repairable would be wrong. They are -- many of them are repairable.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, well, first of all, I'd say it's where between 100,000 and 200,000 vehicles. Second, I would say the majority of the Brazilian market is Sao Paulo. And then third, I would say, it's a monster market in terms of growth. That's the -- that was the reason for us going down there, it's a high-growth market. You're seeing an emerging middle-class that are buying vehicles. And the average selling price of vehicles down in Brazil is very, very high. They have some pretty aggressive import duty laws that are in effect. So the vehicles that are in Sao Paulo or in Brazil are vehicles that when they do get into an accident and sold, they're selling for a lot more than they would in the U.S. So really, for those 3 factors, there's some others, but those are really the 3 factors that got us excited. And as Will said, it takes us a few years to get into a market, to get our process in place, just like it did in the U.K. And so it's not the largest market right now but it's a high-growth market and it will become a very large market in the future.
A. Jayson Adair: Germany is a very mature markets. So it's kind of the opposite. It's not a high-growth market, but it's got 600,000, 700,000, somewhere in that range, total loss vehicles in that market, which is -- that gets our attention, I'll put it that way.
A. Jayson Adair: Yes, let me -- I'm just writing a note because -- let me gather that data for the next quarterly call. And when we have our next earnings release, I'll comment on a full quarter of mobile activity and talk about the impact of new members and give you some color on that. Because I don't have that in front of me. And I think that there'd be some good points to bring up on the new call.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, with respect to Germany and Brazil, those acquisitions obviously got us into the marketplace and got us in with different -- different from each market. So in Brazil, I would say, we know everybody, because we ended up making such a large acquisition into the market. So we know all the insurance players in that market. In Germany, that's not the case but we're working to make that the case. So we got into that market through the acquisition of WOM. We got a number of clients and contacts and then we're working further to get to know everybody in that marketplace. And in one, we're just introducing our platform. In Brazil, we're just introducing our platform, our technology, our auction, everything Will mentioned. All those points that they want. In Brazil, we're talking about a real change in the way the marketplace would operate. And so we'll be introducing that at some point to see if there is a demand for our services in that market.
A. Jayson Adair: Well, what I'd like to see first is our technology implemented. And so before Overdrive comes to an end in 18 months, we'll be implementing our operating systems and our ERP and all the things that we've talked about. I'd like to get that done. I'd like to get the countries that we're doing business in, converted and then we can look at further expansion. We may make a little bit of further expansion internationally, so I don't want to make you think that we wouldn't do that. But we don't want to get really spread out and into another 10 countries, as an example, until we've got our existing company implemented with our tech.
A. Jayson Adair: That's great. Thanks, Melissa. Yes, we appreciate it guys. Great questions. I appreciate you coming to the call. We look forward to reporting the following quarter. And as we said, we'll get some information on mobile bidding for that call and vehicles sold and new members, et cetera. So again, thank you for attending the call, and we appreciate it.
