Jay Adair: Thank you, Chantelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Copart. On the call today is Jeff Liaw, our CFO; and Will Franklin, our Executive Vice President. It's now my pleasure to turn it over to our CFO, Jeff Liaw.
Jay Adair: Sure, we have two that are on schedule, one that we should begin construction on with the next two weeks, the other in Berlin which will probably be in the next two months. And we have I think very viable targets in two other cities. We really don't expect to see an expansion of our volume until we get this network in place due to the cost to hold these cars, but we're more confident than ever of the success of our product offering in this region and we're progressing full speed ahead.
Jay Adair: No, there's really no one to offer what we do. The market in Europe is primarily with the insurance companies pay to the policy holders, the diminished value of their vehicle and then it’s up to the policy holder to recover the balance of the value through selling that vehicle. So what we offer is completely different model, but one I think will be welcomed by the market there in Europe.
Jay Adair: Well, we’re addressing that on several different fronts. First and most obvious ones is we are expanding our land capacity. Secondly, we are developing new ways to handle the cars which allows us to draw more cars on the same facility, and that we’re exploring in place that we can to reduce the cycle time to get the cars sold faster. In the past we’ve announced a tremendous investment of land, I think we were between roughly 700 acres last year we’ll be in that range this year. And we don’t see the need for land abating in the next few years.
Jay Adair: No, I think that the difference is the way we're measuring it. We can be more accurate and how we determine where the bid is actually coming on, instead of relying on their address that they provide us when they sign up. They're relying on their IP address where the bids, what the bid is received. And based on that, we're providing a more accurate number. But despite that, even however you measure it, our international activity is growing, and much of that based on our marketing efforts targeting our international buyers. We have buyers for the first time last quarter from a single CF Ireland. And every quarter seems like we have one or two new countries that are bidding. And so we expect that our international influence on our ASP is to continue to grow.
Jay Adair: No, really we can't -- while we're on the specifics, you can imagine that the sellers are bringing us more valuable cars would have preferential pricing in that consideration, and you can probably also understand the charity cars and cars are received from municipalities are very low on value. And despite that they're low on value, they consume the same amount of land and typically has cycle times that maybe even longer than insurance car. So, they're far less attractive to us on verall basis.
Jay Adair: So, I'll start with Germany. So, the feedback has been very positive. The policyholders obviously love the fact that they can collect a check and then walk away and buy a new car without having to touch the check and simply the diminished value of their car and then to sell the damaged car to aggregate enough cash to go buy a new replacement. Yes and it's more beneficial for the buyers too. In the car market, a buyer in Germany may bid on a car and then he has to wait 21 days to find out if the car will ultimately be awarded to him. In our convention, a buyer knows within days whether he has the car and he can better plan his business and his inventory management. Our challenge before us is just to build out the infrastructure to take advantage of this beneficial product offering that we provide and it's not a simple task. Obtaining land in Germany is every bit a lot more difficult than obtaining land in areas like Miami and Los Angeles in the United States, and it’s taken us some time but we're well on our way. We've got, like you said we got one in operations, we have two that are beginning construction, only have two other sites that we feel very comfortable we should close on the next months, that’s in Germany. And every country is different, and so you asked about India. The prospects in India are not as bright as they are in what we've seen in Germany, and we’ll make the correct decisions in addressing the potential and best allocation of our national resources going forward.
Jay Adair: Let me just add before I turn it over to Jeff. Let me add, it was more than just a one-time bonus. We actually had seen increases for a number of job classifications in our operational side of our business. 
Jay Adair: So hurricane and we think of for us what Hurricane Harvey and Irma being contemporaneous and Harvey being much larger of course. We have sold approximately 85,000 units to-date and through the first two quarters of fiscal ‘18 and we have approximately 7,500 units or so remaining.
Jay Adair: It’s a fair question, nothing specifically. So we know what the job one is which is to service our customers exceedingly well and job two is to expand internationally in the markets we talked about. We will always explore specific adjacencies. We want to be thoughtful about it. As you heard us describe on prior calls, the NPA acquisition made sense for us both because we liked it as an investment and financial rebalance because we thought it was a strategic benefit to our core business. That will likely always be the baseline test, any meaningful expected to be on that will have to meet a very high hurdle.
Jay Adair: Yes, the sellers are mostly independent, yes, mostly independent. We have two franchises, they're mostly independent. And it's going everywhere. So it would be hard for me to single out one particular pocket of buyers that is significantly more important than others. A lot of these cars are going offshore.
Jay Adair: Yes, mostly it's -- we're meeting their expectations in terms of returns where we're getting higher returns and therefore that's driving higher volumes. And we've had a number of programs in place that are helping us in that respect. But we seen a returns increased significantly over the last 4 to 6 quarters on the dealer cars.
Jay Adair: Mostly, it's our own efforts. We've developed some programs and some expertises, and some internal processes that are allowing us to yield a higher return.
Jay Adair: In the past we have not, we have not adjusted OME special pricing for CATs, and right now I can’t say there's any discussion that's been entertained about doing so.
Jeff Liaw: I think we're finding areas in which we can maximize the sale proceeds of these non-franchise dealer cars. We have developed internal teams that help with counter bidding and because the elevated returns that we're achieving, we're aggregating more volume from franchise, that's primarily independent dealers.
Jeff Liaw: Sure, Ben. This is Jeff. And I will jump here and just a brief reminder before I get even into the substance. I think the purchased car math I think it's sometimes misleading because we’ve recognized them as revenue for the full selling price of the car. They always look more meaningful at place in the P&L than they actually are to the operations of the business where they are 14% of revenues, but well less than 5% even though of actual units sold. So purchased cars include a variety of sourced cars including the Copart direct business, which you’ve heard us talk about on prior calls as well. There are countries in which we operate that have a higher mix of purchased cars as well, including the UK for example as you already know, among many other drivers. So I treat the variability in this quarter as largely noise and more than anything else and with less of effect -- less of an effect on the bottom line that might first appear from the headline number.
Jeff Liaw: Ben, I think you just heard both sides from Will, which are both true, which is one. We are confident in our ability to provide excellent service with Copart standards to our customers including in weather scenarios that you described, but also that you've now seen multiple years of highly elevated capital expenditures, which is a reflection of our expectation that we need still more. As you know already, land and capacity, we always talk about it on the earnings call as a big sweeping concept. It’s very much market-by-market individual city even regions of a given city basis. So, we study that very carefully and we invest accordingly on truly micro economy basis.
Jeff Liaw: No, so first clarification is that 26.9% is strictly U.S. federal, so already the Copart pays the U.S. federal tax we pay state income tax as well and then we pay foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which we do business, principally to-date the UK. So all of that historically has blended to a 34% to 36% rate for the past few years, so for Q2, 2018, and for all of fiscal '18 frankly we will pay U.S. federal tax rate and accrue at 26.9%, so Q2 reflects that, it also reflects a "correction" because Q1 was accrued at 35% initially. So for the balance of the year for U.S. federal tax rates only, we should expect to see an accrual of 26.9%. By the time it blend its way into our actual P&L number will be at a little bit. But that's the fiscal '18 implication is the input is the 26.9% U.S. federal rate. In 2019, fiscal '19 and beyond our U.S. federal tax rate will be 21.
Jeff Liaw: Bret, I'll add a little bit of color there too. You've heard the commentary we made about ASPs rising and the underlying progress there being newer cars on average as well as waste damaged cars on average. When the population of cars shifts in that direction, I think it naturally expands the available universe of buyers including foreign buyers. But the less damage to newer cars the more focus that might be interested including foreign buyers who can put those cars back on the road in their respective countries. So I think that's part of the story too. But for sure, as we've articulated the big headwind shift key might have in your head from the below 20% to 35% so that's the measurement difference that you described. And Bret more precisely addressed your question about trade heightened trade barriers if that eventually comes to past. I think the short answer is that all kinds of first and second order complications that I don't think anyone compare to client on fox at this point. Certainly, if you saw, if you saw increased barriers to products getting in the U.S. from outside the U.S., you could imagine that the value of the salvage car that's here domestically with a number of impacts parts and the re-buildable platform could do worth more. You could also see a scenario where you describe in which the international buyers who have helped to increase ASPs in U.S. that could be net harmful. So hard to say where that shakes out, I don't think any of these has a clear not to give it vision of where that might end up in terms of the trade implications themselves. 
Jeff Liaw: So in response to your question, I think we invest to grow our business organically to provide outstanding service to our customer and you can see it reflected over a very long period of time Copart’s generally very conservative financial practices because we want to be relatively unconstrained when it come to serving our customers well and to servicing their needs. We also expect to continue to invest internationally. We talked further about Germany today. Western Europe has been big strategic non-U.S. priority for us that likely will consume a substantial amount of capital as well. As we’ve always said, the ultimate residual is returns. Of course we historically have pursued share buybacks. I don’t think the tax reform per se changes the timing of how we approach that. It’s as you can tell historically very lumpy by nature but that’s ultimately the lever that we will use, so no immediate triggers but ultimately that is the result of incremental cash generating.
Jeff Liaw: No, unfortunately, Gary, I think, the U.S. federal tax rate historically has been a very good starting point for estimating our overall rate. But coincidently our overall rate similar because we have net offsetting benefits of relatively lower rates in the UK. But again offset and lifted by U.S. state tax rates in turn. The point I was trying to make was in Q2 of '18, you have the noise of not that the lower rates year-over-year. You also have noise of the $7.6 we are effectively releasing from the Q1, right. Q3 and Q4 will just have a fairly clean 26.9% U.S. federal tax rate. We haven't historically provided any guidance beyond that, but that's then starting point for Q3 and Q4.
Jeff Liaw: And there's going also I just wanted to jump in on the premise if your question too, we've felt pretty meaningful financial effect across the first six months of the year, a $9 million net operating profit loss, and we don't expect to make that up in any means or degree. I'll also add for the prepared commentary that, that in fact doesn't even count to very meaningful capital expenditures we've made in anticipation of these catastrophic events and in response to them. So these are major financial burdens for us, no question on balance, as Will articulate that simply what it takes to provide Copart service to our customers. As to your question about pricing, I think we view it as part of the cost of doing business to provide exceptional service to our customers. So, we historically have not, as Will noted, -- have not adjusted pricing accordingly for those moments in time.
Jeff Liaw: All right, thank you Chantelle and thank you everyone. As you can see from the results of the quartet, we're quite happy with how things look with the CATs primarily behind us, I just want to point out our people have done a fabulous job. We've been out in the field speaking to those folks and I know they're proud to work for Copart, and we’re proud of them. So we appreciate all the hard work and the effort and look forward to reporting on Q3 on the next call. Thanks so much.
