Jeff Liaw: Just the sheer volume of the cars, Bob would just mathematically make it so that it has to be the insurance volume driving the 26% increases year-over-year. As you know, the non-insurance cars in the aggregate only comprise about a quarter of our units sold. So it is like-for-like insurance vehicles.
Jeff Liaw: Well, the dynamic is -- it's the relative value of the cars when it comes to that total loss equation Bob that you know well from having tracked us forever. But it is the relative value of the intact car versus the wrecked cars that drives total loss frequency. And while certainly yes, used car prices are high and all else equal, those used car prices being that robust suppresses volumes that would come to Copart increasing salvage returns by as much as we have arguably drive total loss frequency on a net basis up nevertheless, right? So yes, if our salvage returns were going up 25%, while used car prices were flat or down, that would drive still more volume. The point is that at least for the quarter, used car prices were very strong but salvage returns almost certainly were stronger still.
Jeff Liaw: That's been true within the non-insurance space for years Bob that as our cars gravitate more from back in the day 40 years ago, 35 years ago selling metal by the pounds to selling parts 20 years ago to selling intact drivable cars today even within our insurance cars themselves, that liquidity has naturally invited more and more participants to the auction, and that's certainly been true over the past quarter and the past year and the past five years as well. So yes, in short but not disruptively so in the last 90 days.
Jeff Liaw: Not unusually so Bob. I think conversion rates are very robust and we track and manage carefully, but I would -- again wouldn't say there was an unusual disruption in the quarter.
Jeff Liaw: Fair question Craig. I think the math we do isn't any different what you would. So, when you track the other publicly-traded auction houses for whole cars, I think you can see what relative performance would have been. I think we've noted that others have experienced declines in a period and meaningful declines in a period where we actually experienced growth. So, I think that's about all we know directionally, so we don't have any insider perspective in particular on those other companies, but we do believe against a backdrop of generally declining wholesale dealer volume that we have increased year-over-year.
Jeff Liaw: I'd say yes and no. COVID-19 certainly has underscored how powerful Copart's natively digital platform, which has been exclusively digital since 2003. And having lived that way for 17 years means that we have honed that platform and understand it well. And other competitors had to do so at the tip of the spear had to virtualize overnight. And yes, I think Copart is distinct in that regard. So, on the margin, surely, it has enhanced our value proposition. In COVID-19, of course, it's also across any walk of life difficult to meet new people. So, it has reduced what otherwise might be the natural selling cadence as you get to know new parties, dealers, and otherwise, but I think on balance it has been a very positive force for Copart.
Jeff Liaw: The short answer Craig is that I don't know. There are -- as I noted in those comments a moment ago certainly some near-term technical factors to consider. The underlying drivers I think are still very long-term favorable. But as for predicting precisely what happens next quarter next year, I think that remains challenging. I would say that there's been some -- as one tidbit here. When we look at the buyers non-U.S. buyers of Copart cars at U.S. auctions we note that the currencies declined very meaningfully year-over-year. So, their purchasing power was meaningfully compromised relative to a year ago. But nonetheless the value of the cars they purchased increased substantially plus or minus in proportion with our overall ASP increase which meant that in their local currency, they're spending still more and dramatically more. So, I think the power of that liquidity is never going away. There is the flywheel effects now of driving more total loss frequency with outstanding returns we get lighter damaged cars which brings more buyers. But we do think that this is a productive period for us in further spinning that flywheel. Exactly what the year-over-year comparison will look like Craig we don't know.
Jeff Liaw: No. Nothing has changed in our thinking. We did not furlough employees and continued to invest in our people. We continued to hire, to train, to promote, because that's what it takes to build a successful business over the next 20 years hard stop. On G&A, I'll be militantly consistent right in quarters where it's up a couple of million or down a couple of million. I'll ask you to use many quarters to draw your trend lines. No individual quarter is the right predictive model for future trends.
Jeff Liaw: We've grown that dealer business in very steadily and very consistently for years. So, I don't -- we don't perceive this as a temporary one-time pickup. We invest in that business, because it is an excellent and profitable business for us and we invested it, because it's an excellent and profitable addition to our auction liquidity, which ultimately benefits our insurance customers as well as we draw evermore buyers to our platform we also will drive salvage returns upwards. So, I would say even before COVID-19, the whole car auction business is as competitive as it has ever been with very strong incumbents, with strong venture-backed new entrants into the business as well. And even against that backdrop, we continue to grow our volume virtually every quarter for, as many years as I've been here certainly, and we don't expect. We believe that competitive advantage is that is the auction liquidity point. And if anything our liquidity will improve as a result of COVID-19.
Jeff Liaw: Thanks, Daniel. We will do both and have to do both. So we focus very much on improving cycle times and turning cars more quickly, both because it is capital-efficient for us, but also because it is a better outcome for our customers, who can settle claims and close files more quickly who can achieve better auction returns with less depreciation with the cars sitting on our properties. So, that is an evergreen initiative on the part of Copart and has been forever. So yes, we will invest in reducing cycle times and can improve. But also, yes, we will continue to invest in our land and capacity, because it is absolutely necessary to serve our customers well, both in the ordinary course and in catastrophic times. We have to be prepared to absorb volatility. So, we are happily investing and have invested through the pandemic in additional capacity and expect to do so for years to come.
Jeff Liaw: I want to make sure I understand precisely your question Bret. You mean the prices we achieved at auction for the vehicles or the prices -- the fee...
Jeff Liaw: On fees, we don't comment, Bret. Publicly available of course on our website is a fee schedule that our members incur when they purchase cars at Copart and for other services that we provide.
Jeff Liaw: Dealer volume noted -- you may have clicked off the call at that moment, but we have experienced increases year-over-year in dealer volumes for the quarter, and that's against what we believe our competitors who have experienced very meaningful declines in dealer consigned volumes for the quarter. So, we believe that we have grown our dealer business relatively speaking much faster than the rest of the industry. That is not a reflection of, of course, aggressive fees on our part. We believe that we have a very competitive offering, and ultimately deliver the best possible returns to our dealers. But that's easy to say. But, we think the very consistent growth in our Copart dealer services volume is a reflection of the actual reality in practice.
Jeff Liaw: Yeah. Average utilization I think not super meaningful, because the land isn't fungible and each yard is its own -- certainly each metropolitan area is its own island. And even though Dallas and Texas are in -- Dallas and Houston are in the same state, you can't really use one city's facilities as fungible capacity for the other. So, we certainly monitor our metropolitan areas very carefully and invest accordingly based on our baseline expectations over the next five or 10 years. Certainly capacity utilization is lower during the pandemic than it otherwise would be, for all the reasons you already know about, inventory and driving activity and so forth. But capacity utilization is a microeconomic evaluation, which then drives our investment decisions on a micro basis. But in the aggregate, we will continue to invest in land for years to come.
Jeff Liaw: Got it. On your former question Ryan that member fee schedule is readily available online. So we encourage you to look there and you can see what happens to the fees that our buyers incur based on changes in the selling prices of vehicles. As for the pricing changes and the actual pricing at our auction or the selling prices for cars that are auctioned they are high for a combination of technical, but also fundamental reasons. The technical reasons you heard us comment on are the used car prices are robust against the supply-constrained new car environment. But the fundamental reasons are rising total loss frequency new or less damaged cars being totaled better auction liquidity we have driven more bids per vehicle by far than we did a year ago in the fourth quarter of 2020 than 2019. So those are the fundamental drivers which we think ultimately are the most important ones. There will be near-term technical changes certainly some of which we are benefiting from today, but others of which are unfavorable including volumes for example. But over the long-haul, the flywheel of auction liquidity the recruitment of international -- recruitment and retention and cultivation of international buyers we think will continue to drive selling prices upwards, total loss frequency upwards which in turn of course is self reinforcing, self reinforcing bringing ASPs up as well.
Jeff Liaw: Appreciate the question. That remains I think largely unknowable. We have generally seen a continuation of the trends that we were marked on in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, but we'll talk much more about the first quarter of course including storms and so forth on our first quarter call. But we've generally seen a continuation as for when society returns to normal practices we'll leave that to the experts.
Jeff Liaw: The answer to your first question is, no. It's not that the purchase vehicles of that particular customer were very, very unprofitable somehow and we removed them. We don't much these days Gary about -- we prefer consignment arrangements because we think it generally is a better alignment of interest between us and our customers, but it's not per se a profitability decision. The purchased vehicle changes year-over-year the decline in revenue is in part attributable to this shift in that customer because now instead of showing up as purchased vehicle sales and purchased vehicle COGS, it now shows up instead as service fees. But otherwise no that was not any meaningful driver for the change in purchased vehicle profitability.
Jeff Liaw: It's up meaningfully. I think we've historically said -- disclosed we've been up double digits. In this case it wasn't double digits but meaningfully so.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. And I forgot that third or that quarter of your prior question. We don't manage the business to gross margin rate per se Gary, we're of course optimizing for service and returns and profitability and so forth. So the margin rate is really just a byproduct metric that we track at the end of the month and the quarter as a matter of visibility but it's not -- we think about the business on a per car basis and how much profit and contribution we generate per unit. So the rate is not something we consider, but your point about ASPs very strong average selling price performance contributing to our profitability, yes that's certainly true. To the point about consignments, we want to work with our customers on that basis to drive the highest possible returns which yield the very best outcomes for them and for us.
Jeff Liaw: Well, they certainly participate on both sides. So, yes, we are growing the consignment volume. And yes, we are also a viable purchase channel for dealers as well.
Jeff Liaw: In short, that's a relevant target segment for us. We have served that segment of the market for some time. Plenty of disruptions as you know Joe in that corner of the universe given what's happened to travel trends over time. So, for all the same reasons that we are increasingly a compelling offering to the dealer universe, we think that's also true for the rentals and financial institutions and otherwise.
Jeff Liaw: Yes. We remain very excited about our long-term prospects in Germany and continue to invest in our business there, including all the dimensions we've talked about before which is in people and technology, and land capacity, in trucks and equipments and certainly in customer relationship building as well. I think we noted a couple of calls ago that we are selling cars for insurance carriers on a consignment basis. We're delivering some very strong returns and remain very optimistic about Germany and frankly about Western Europe in general.
Jeff Liaw: I think, it's too early to tell. I think, there's some -- your intuition is probably reasonable in that if there is a -- I think we have demonstrated that the Copart Germany model is economically superior and frankly even experientially superior for policyholders than the status quo. We talked about that at length in the past, so I won't rehash that entire narrative. But one of the big barriers to out converting the market is just inertia. And so yes to the extent that COVID-19 has forced us all to confront inertia and has up ended a lot of what we consider the ordinary course. I think in that respect yes, this can cause customers to contemplate radical changes in their business.
