Jeff Liaw: Bob, I'd characterize that is a 40-year journey. That's something we do literally every day. We may have spoken about it in somewhat greater detail on the last earnings calls, but we view it as-- our principal job is to improve the claims process and economic outcomes for our insurance customers and there is in term. So there are certainly individual products that we have in the queue, products we have released, products that we are already selling, but I wouldn't view that as a discrete change per se in what we do, Bob just an ongoing purposeful commitment to that very outcome.
Jeff Liaw: The vast majority of the capital expenditures will be in the U.S. with some internationally, but the vast majority will be U.S. So I called it out because it is obviously a much higher rate that we have incurred in recent years. We have announced our 2020 initiatives in April of 2016 if memory serves, so approximately 4 years ago we began this aggressive capacity expansion phase in our history. I would look to the past few years as more indicative of the run rate of our expenditures in this capacity growth phase more so than this past quarter. It is the nature of the beast, Bob, as you know having been in the industry for a long time that CapEx is by nature is lumpy because you closed on our property that could have been literally tens of millions of dollars and then or is delayed by 6 months. And so the tens of millions of dollars of expenditures await you in a few quarters time. So we don't endeavor to smooth it. We simply want to acquire and develop the land, so we have it available for our customers and ourselves as soon as we can and sometimes it happens all at once.
Jeff Liaw: So it's a fair question. I think as Jay noted at the top. We've invested in the land, so that we could serve our customers exceptionally well across all markets if and when they are ready to do business with us. So that’s our commitment to them which is also as you may have heard during the discussion there within certain noninsurance sellers of ours. We've made proactive decisions to free capacity in that respect for these critical insurance customers in particular. I wouldn't say it's been a gating factor, Bob. But it has required us to make an all hands on deck effort to acquire and develop that land.
Jeff Liaw: I'll take a bigger step back, Craig and make a broader observation. I think we are seeing claims activity that's relatively flat year-over-year in terms of the nominal claims. So these are the same data points I'm sure that you track already regarding certain carriers who disposed probably their claims results as well as certain industry aggregators to do the same. Over most of our 40-year history, I think we've seen claims frequency generally decline. Very modestly over time as cars get safer perhaps drivers get better. One anomalous period for that trend of course was 2011-2016 when smartphone penetration -- smartphone distraction was perhaps at its peak but otherwise, for most of our 40-year history, accident frequency has generally declined over time. However, the one way tailwind in our business as you know has been total loss frequency, which has increased very steadily over time. I think individual months and quarters are tough to measure. I think there is always going to be a lot of noise in that number, but I think if you take any kind of step back at all, you can see that trend continues to move up and for reasons I think that become reasonably clear once you dig, they have set below the surface, which is that the cars are becoming our cars are becoming more sophisticated over time or technologically involved and, therefore, all of the sensors and cameras and the motor car, making it more difficult to prepare. So, repair costs are rising, which makes repairers less compelling while at the same time our auction liquidities improving our international buyer base is expanding. So, quite literally at the same time prepares are worse salvage is literally better which is what it's driven total loss frequency increased sixfold -- fivefold sixfold over the past 40 years and why we think it will continue to rise over the years to come. I expect that in 2020, I know there's a bit of a long-winded answer but I expect that this year, but frankly for years and decades to come.
Jeff Liaw: In the broader strokes, no. There certainly are local and country-specific idiosyncrasies that can affect exactly how we enter and how we participate. But in broad strokes, no. The cars are similar, the underlying drivers that's make the total loss such a compelling economic proposition here in the U.S. and in the UK are by and large true there too, which is to say, high-labor prepare high-labor cost repair costs vehicle complexity. And frankly, again emerging and growing it demand for those same brand of cars.
Jeff Liaw: Fair question, Craig. [Indiscernible] much more productive. It's one thing to discuss analogs to the UK and the U.S. and why the economic proposition can or should be compelling. It's another matter to have yards open, people engaged telling cars as well as by the way, actual sales results at auction which demonstrate the superior economic outcome. So, literally buying cars on the platform, they're using and trading a profit on the ground in Germany to buyers outside of Germany, in many cases is the most compelling argument of all. Which is not a Germany, can be like the U.S. is that Germany on February 19, 2020 February 20 is delivering auction of X, Y, Z. So the conversations have advanced in part for that reason.
Jeff Liaw: Thanks, John. My answer to you probably be similar to what I said to Bob, which is that that is a non-stock investment for us when there is technology to improve outcomes, in particular for our sellers. And for them, outcomes means, in the ordinary course, shortening cycle times, allowing them to close claims more quickly selling the cars -- well, titling them we're treating the original titles processing the salvage side of state more quickly and therefore auctioning network quickly to a global liquid platform. That there are literally dozens of steps in that process, each of which has its own process and technology to do best for us internally. So the answer your question, broadly, yes, the technology is by far our single biggest Copart investment here besides our land. If you were literally to walk through Copart headquarters and meet with group by group you find the technology group is overwhelming just a numbers and resorts expenditures. So, it has been a huge part of what we do, we talk about it, frankly more with our sellers than we do on calls like this, but it is our single biggest Copart investment.
Jeff Liaw: Complicated question. We of course value our customers across all of these categories. We just also do face somewhat some resource constraints from time to time and to make decisions accordingly. I would think of that shift as largely complete. And we don't want -- the best level of detail we can get into what happened which quarter and how did this quarter took to remodel year-over-year. But I would think that -- I think about is largely complete.
Jeff Liaw: Yes, it's a very fair question. We tend -- with the exception of, of course, extreme weather events, we tend not to talk about whether because it sometimes feels like it's to both difficult to quantify and becomes an explanation of that could become an excuse for factors in the business. I do agree with you that it was by all measures, a benign winter higher temperatures lower precipitation at least across the United States and that, yes, therefore, that generally means fewer claims at the top of the funnel quantifying that precisely, I don't know. Inventory was up 7.5% year-over-year nonetheless. So, whether that was depressed by temperatures precipitation is a judgment probably better left to others and to me personally.
Jeff Liaw: In that, I think you're asking really about two different economics phenomenon, one of which is the selling prices for our cars at auction. That itself is a function of both cyclical and secular forces, some of which you mentioned is cyclical x variables that can affect selling prices of cars our auctions of course include used car prices, as you noted, currency fluctuations and the like, among other things. The second, of course, is we think are that total loss frequency rises, and as total loss frequency rises, we get more marginal totals, more drivable cars that would drive ASPs up. So the combination of the two over the very long haul, we think will drive ASPs up in any individual quarter or year, month, week, day, etc. The projects become perhaps too fine to pass all of those variables. But generally speaking, we believe the secular tailwinds are ultimately net debt. The second part of your question on revenue per unit, that's not something per se that we express we disclose. We of course drive revenue -- we drive unit volume as much as we can. Revenue growth also with the addition of services we provide to both sellers and buyers.
Jeff Liaw: We have sold cars on a consignment basis insurance carriers in Germany. That said, we also continue to purchase cars through our principal activity is continuing as well as we build the physical infrastructure people-based and technology and talents to serve that industry long-term.
Jeff Liaw: I would characterize -- well, I think that's a level of detail, we probably would get into. But I would, the way characterize it is that there was both underlying market growth as well as market share gains in that year-over-year number.
Jeff Liaw: I'll answer in two parts. Scrap price maybe effect on Copart I would say is largely de minimis. So the Chinese buyers in part for regulatory reasons but are a very tiny portion of our overall sales below percent when I last year. So they're are not insignificant buyer of Copart cars. That said, Corona virus, obviously, will not necessarily observe specific national borders. So, if it spreads there could be in effect downstream but today's no.
Jeff Liaw: Probably so, though not something we would discuss. Yes, we are investing in acreage. I think your intuition generally is correct and that our yards would be smaller today in part because we needed to get going. The lead time here in the U.S. and for that matter in Germany to develop acre parcel for vehicle storage is long and we work like to wait to do that. So, we had gotten achieved operations in a number of facilities there more quickly by starting with smaller facilities and some cases mixing [ph] them.
Jeff Liaw: The current percentage is approximately 2a% and I think a year ago, it was a little bit north of that. There was some seasonality to it -- but not year-over-year. It's not seasonality. So a year ago was 22% I believe and now is 21%. And that's partially a function of the shift within non-insurance that we just talked about a moment ago.
Jeff Liaw: So, there are, let's say, probably the safest way to -- the best way to characterize it is that we are exploring multiple ways to service those automotive dealers. I think clearly from their perspective today, our principal value proposition is the buyer base that we offer in comparison to other offerings in the marketplace. For example, we have a global buyer base. We already have the post booking from all over the world and that is the value we offer. And how we deliver that and whether physically we require as deep or not, those are all variables that are relatively simpler to manage, quite candidly, Gary. But I think the value proposition side, I think it's clear and how we deliver it we are experimenting with a number of different avenues.
Jeff Liaw: I think the trends would be hard to draw very broad sweeping ones, but I'd say in general, of course, if they do there tends to specialized X and receives a trading and brand Y, that would be a natural car too to process through a Copart or consign to Copart auction. But I think you finance are all over the map and automotive dealers sometimes simply wants to achieve near-term liquidity and cosign a number of cars through us, so you will see a wide range sometimes damaged cars often in tax cars that are perfectly drivable, sometimes both cars under facilities, sometimes newer ones as well. It's tough to provide rules on that.
Jeff Liaw: I think the single biggest barrier, Chris, is simply inertia, which is that it's been an insurance industry that is accustomed to a set of historical practices literally for decades, from their interactions with their policyholders all the way back through claims. So the practice habits are difficult to break. We do believe that when carriers shift meaningful volume in this direction and improve the policyholder experience, that there certainly should be some momentum built that causes it to accelerate from there. But speculating as to exactly what that conversion time frame is tough to do. But the barrier I think is more habits than anything else.
Jeff Liaw: I think if you had access to literally every data point inside our company, that would be too noisy a correlation to try to draw. So CapEx, I'll just give you some directional indications. CapEx, when we open a new facility is net helpful because we -- certainly the new site is closer to some of the seem to be accidents or the repair shops where the cars are being retrieved from. So, we would achieve immediate savings in terms of the retrieval of the vehicles. We may achieve savings because there are yards that are very congested nearby, and therefore are incurring extra labor costs and the likes to manage the vehicles inside the facility. However, of course, opening new facilities incurs some level of quote fixed costs, including utilities, and telecom, management's labor, and the like. So, there are puts and takes. I would say across the system, the CapEx, we are opening enough new facilities, expanding enough current facilities, and have done so very steadily, that the effect in any given quarter won’t be that pronounced. It’s one reason you don't hear us discuss -- we don't explain gross margin variations or cost variations because a facility’s newly opened. It's now a big enough set of facilities that the opening of any given set in a quarter does not affect the financials visibly any way from where you sit.
Jeff Liaw: Industry observation I think is fair, which is that alternative parts utilization in Europe is considerably lower than here in the U.S. That said, there are clearly cars that economically should not be repaired, and so even within Europe today, they we will find a home one way or the other. There are cars that are 110%damage, which you could not possibly justify the repair cost restored back to [Technical Difficulty]. The economic value proposition for the carriers is that we can help them achieve full and fair value for those salvaged vehicles, whether it will ultimately fuel dismantling, or simply be scrapped altogether, or be rebuilt and re-driven again somewhere else. We simply help the carriers to achieve that full fair liquid market value, as opposed to today's traditional pattern of disposition which don't do that. But I think your industry observation is fair. But nonetheless, there are still are many cars that are totaled in Europe today.
