Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone joining today's call. Regeneron delivered strong results across the organization in the second quarter of 2023, while continuing to make progress toward our long-term objective of growing the business while simultaneously diversifying its revenue and earning streams. Total revenues increased by 11% compared to the prior year quarter, primarily driven by Sanofi collaboration revenues and Libtayo net product sales, which grew by 39% and 49% respectively. Non-EYLEA revenue contributions were 41% of total revenues, the highest proportion for any quarter in the last 10 years excluding those with COVID antibody revenue contributions. Overall, we were pleased with the trajectory of the business and believe the company continues to be well-positioned to deliver long-term growth. In a few minutes George, Marion, and Bob will provide commentary on pipeline developments, commercial execution, and financial results that we achieved during the second quarter. For the remainder of my remarks today, I will focus on aflibercept 8 milligrams. We are very excited about the emerging clinical profile including the compelling two-year data from the pivotal PHOTON study in patients with diabetic macular edema which George will discuss in more detail. Now I will summarize the progress that has been made toward getting this important product candidate approved by the FDA. As we announced in late June, the Complete Response Letter or CRL that we received from the FDA regarding our Biologics License Application for aflibercept 8 milligrams for the treatment of patients with wet age-related macular degeneration, DME, and diabetic retinopathy did not identify any issues related to aflibercept 8 milligrams clinical efficacy, safety profile, trial design, labelling or drug substance manufacturing nor has the FDA requested any additional clinical data. The CRL was entirely based on unresolved observations, resulting from the May 2023 FDA pre-approval inspection of a third-party contract manufacturing organization, Catalent, that Regeneron engaged to complete vial-filling for aflibercept 8 milligrams. The inspection observations were noted in a Form 483 and related to a manufacturing line in Catalent's facility that is used to fill vials with aflibercept 8 milligrams, as well as our C5 antibody pozelimab for the ultra-rare CHAPLE disease, which has a PDUFA date of August 20th. The inspection was conducted as part of the FDA review process for both the aflibercept 8 milligrams BLA and the pozelimab BLA. Broadly speaking, the observation cited production and process control procedures, equipment validation, and facility maintenance. We, Catalent, and the FDA have had multiple discussions since the aflibercept 8 milligrams CRL. There is a clear understanding of the remediation work that is required to allow the FDA to assume approving BLAs that involve manufacturing on this line. Catalent has already provided data and information to the FDA that could satisfy some of these requirements and expects to be able to provide the remaining required data and information by mid-August. The FDA said they will strive to complete their review expeditiously prior to the August 20th PDUFA date for pozelimab. However, if they are unable to complete their review before this date, the FDA said that they may need to extend their review by up to three months. If they do extend the review, FDA has stated that they will continue to prioritize the review and complete it as early as possible. Importantly, the FDA has also stated that their review of the Catalent manufacturing data in the context of the pozelimab BLA will support actions for both the pozelimab BLA and the aflibercept 8 milligrams BLA resubmission, which has already been submitted. In summary, we and Catalent expect to submit by mid-August all of the Catalent manufacturing data and information required to address the observations resulting from the pre-approval inspection. The FDA has stated that they will strive to complete their review expeditiously, prior to August 20th. If not, we anticipate the FDA will act on pozelimab and aflibercept 8 milligram BLAs before the end of the third quarter. In closing, we remain confident in our strategy of focusing investments on our internal R&D capabilities while exploring potential external collaborations as well as in our ability to deliver breakthroughs to patients and value to shareholders. With that, let me turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Right. Great question. So we've been in very close contact with Catalent and the FDA, multiple meetings, oral, written, and so forth, and we have a clear understanding of what's required from an information point of view and from a data point of view. The submissions have been on a rolling basis that as Catalent has completed work, they've submitted data and information already to the FDA. There is very little that will be left for the last submission at the middle of August, and that's why the FDA has told us and they know what's coming that they will strive to expeditiously review that. And if they can't get that done by the few days before the pozelimab PDUFA date, they have told us that they will prioritize our review and do that as soon as possible. That's why we have confidence about this getting done in this quarter. So to summarize the data has been coming in on a rolling basis. We have everything we need, the last piece of information that we'll be rolling in and submitted by the middle of the month, the FDA will strive expeditiously to review that in time for the August 20th PDUFA date. But if not, there will be a clock extension for up to three months, but they have told us that they will prioritize our review. And that's why we believe it will get done, if not in time for the pozelimab PDUFA date in the near future thereafter.
Leonard Schleifer: Actually, the way you should think about it, we've submitted everything we need for pozelimab except for the final remediation of the pre-approval inspection, which applies both to pozelimab and to the 8 milligram EYLEA. So it's a single pre-approval inspection same data and information required for both. Once that is in then we will have completed everything necessary for pozelimab and for the EYLEA 8 milligrams. They are linked together. The FDA has clearly stated to us that the review of this remediation in the context of the pozelimab BLA will govern what happens to the 8-milligram remediation.
Leonard Schleifer: Hey, that's a very good point, George. So that's why the single pre-approval inspection applies to both products. It wasn't the product specifically, it was the processes and validation on the line that fills the two products. So one remediation satisfies both, all the data and information that is being submitted on a rolling basis, the last piece comes in, in the middle of August, the FDA is aware of this. They've told us in writing that they will strive to do that as expeditiously. If they get it done before the end of the PDUFA, an original PDUFA clock, that's great. If they don't, they'll consider an amendment that will set the clock back three months. But notwithstanding that three months, they've told us that they will continue to prioritize our review. So we're very pleased and we're working very hard. Catalent is working very hard, the FDA is working very hard, everybody wants this done properly and finished and properly remediated.
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Terrence. If your comments referencing similar, I mean, thoughtful and appropriate, we would agree.
Leonard Schleifer: Great. Thanks for your question. Look, we've tried to be 1,000% transparent as usual Regeneron. And this is really, let me just see if I can summarize it, again, what we know. We've been in close contact with the FDA as has Catalent. We know what the remediations required are and we've been submitting them on a rolling basis. We expect to submit the last requirement by the middle of August and that will be several days before the PDUFA date for the pozelimab BLA. The FDA has been very clear that they will strive to expeditiously review that. If they can, great. They can't, they said there would be a three-month clock extension. But even with a three-month clock extension, they've been very categorical in saying that they would prioritize our review and try and get it done as soon as possible. Those facts are what led us to believe it would be done during the third quarter. In all of this, is the fact that there has been no need, no discussion, no indication whatsoever that a re-inspection would be necessary. The FDA of course is free to make those decisions, but we have not seen any indication of that in our very detailed and close contact. So we've given you our best estimate at this point.
Leonard Schleifer: I think what George said earlier, just maybe it bears repeating, is that he said that we're starting with the good position of having very impressive efficacy, one. And two side effects that for the most part in the patients who are benefiting with the efficacy, that's a very good position to begin to explore and how to get the therapeutic index or signal to noise as George calls it right.
Leonard Schleifer: I don't think we have anything specific. This was handled by the Data Safety Monitoring Committee sort of a standard approach. We're pleased that we passed it. And we will look forward to further data at the end of the study.
Marion McCourt: Thank you, George. In the second quarter, Regeneron delivered impressive results across our commercial portfolio, notably Regeneron medicines currently lead multiple disease categories and our future is promising with short and longer-term scientific innovations on the horizon. As Len mentioned, we eagerly await the anticipated approval of aflibercept 8 milligram for retinal diseases, beyond that our robust late-stage pipeline supports additional commercial opportunities that we anticipate will continue to drive growth. Starting with EYLEA, the anti-VEGF category leader in retinal diseases. US EYLEA net sales were $1.5 billion, down 7% year-over-year and up 5% quarter-over-quarter. EYLEA total category share remained stable at 46% over the last two quarters and at approximately 70% for branded share. At the end of the second quarter, there was minimal sequential change in wholesaler inventory levels compared to the levels at the end of the first quarter. Our strategic focus is to maintain and grow Regeneron's anti-VEGF leadership and we're well-positioned to deliver on the score in an increasingly competitive category. Last week at ASRS, we presented our two-year data in diabetic macular edema which further confirmed the unprecedented durability of aflibercept 8 milligrams, with 44% of patients assigned intervals of at least 20 weeks at the end of their second year. Market enthusiasm remains high for this important innovation and our commercial team is ready and excited to launch aflibercept 8 milligram upon approval. Moving now to Libtayo. Global net sales were $210 million, up 49% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. In the US, net sales were $130 million, up 43% driven by steady growth in non-melanoma skin cancer and strong growth in lung cancer. In lung cancer, Libtayo use in new patients share is accelerating, both monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy with an expanding base of prescribers in the community and academic settings. Outside the US Libtayo, net sales were at $80 million, a 58% increase on a constant-currency basis. Growth was driven by demand in the non-melanoma skin cancer indications and initial launches in lung cancer. We expect to drive accelerated performance as we build Regeneron's presence in key international markets and secure access and reimbursement for lung cancer indications. And lastly to Dupixent, which continues to revolutionize the lives of patients with type 2 diseases. Global net sales were approximately $2.8 billion, up 34% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and up 12% compared to the first quarter of 2023. In the US, net sales grew 33% year-over-year to $2.1 billion driven by growth across all indications and age groups. Once again, Dupixent is the number one prescribed biologic medicine for new-to-brand patients across all approved indications and is the category leader in total prescriptions in four out of five indications. We see impressive uptake across our recent US launches with significant opportunity for future growth. In eosinophilic esophagitis, well over 15,000 patients have been initiated since launch and we are actively investing in disease awareness initiatives to empower patients to seek diagnosis and treatment for this debilitating disease. Our prurigo nodularis launch is off to a fast start with physicians rapidly recognizing Dupixent as the go-to treatment for this often underdiagnosed dermatologic condition. Additionally, we look forward to our October 22nd PDUFA date in chronic spontaneous urticaria, where we estimate Dupixent could benefit up to 300,000 US patients. We also continue to generate impressive growth across atopic dermatitis, asthma, and nasal polyps, Dupixent's three largest indications. There is robust demand among all indicated age groups with a significant opportunity for future growth beyond the hundreds of thousands of patients around the world, whose lives have already been transformed by Dupixent. In summary, we delivered a strong commercial performance in the second quarter with Regeneron's medicines positioned for sustained growth. We continue to demonstrate industry-leading execution across our current portfolio and we are prepared to maximize opportunities from our robust pipeline, with the goal of extending Regeneron's scientific innovations to even more patients. Now I will turn the call over to Bob.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So, Tom, I will comment on our EYLEA performance. And as I just shared with you the performance in the quarter was strong, certainly we see EYLEA steadily as the standard-of-care in the anti-VEGF category. We continue to capture not only naïve-patients, but also another big source of business is switch patients from Avastin. Obviously, the other branded competitors are smaller in market today. But I would say that beyond your comment, probably best to get more clarification from the individuals who are commercializing faricimab in the market. But certainly, I do want you to know that we are seeing continued strength in EYLEA performance and obviously very much look forward to having the potentially game-changing opportunity of bringing aflibercept 8 milligrams into the marketplace and where the profile of efficacy, safety and durability has so many KOLs and prescribers excited based on what they've seen recently in the clinical data presented at ASRS.
Marion McCourt: So let me share first in terms of the market dynamic. I think the most exciting thing and most important thing about aflibercept 8 milligram is it gives prescribers for all of their patients whether a naïve-patient, a patient currently on EYLEA or a patient on another anti-VEGF category product, the opportunity to decide if that patient is a candidate when we launch and when we have an FDA approval, is the patient is a candidate for aflibercept 8 milligram, that does have benefit to the patient and prescriber and potentially to the office capacity and patient flow. I think it's premature to comment on the category that we're not directly involved in. We are though very focused on making sure that we are ready for launch and certainly at the proper time, educating all stakeholders on aflibercept 8 milligram once we have an approval.
Marion McCourt: Hi Salveen. So I'll get started. Certainly, we're conscious of the dates and the requirement for submissions to CMS that occur at the start of a quarter. So we would estimate potentially the time frame that you're referencing, if we have an approval in the third quarter. What I would share is that we anticipate use of aflibercept 8 milligram after approval and launch before we have the permanent J-code. Retina specialists are sophisticated in their reimbursement capabilities at the office level. They are experienced with newer products coming into the marketplace on a fairly regular basis and how to make certain that they validate reimbursement for products prior to having the permanent J-code under a temporary J-code. So obviously, we want to have the permanent J-code that will be a positive. But certainly, we do see the opportunity for uptake across patient types prior to that situation with CMS.
Marion McCourt: Thank you, Luke. And I'm pleased to share it is demand growth. Certainly, we see continued and steady performance across our skin indications both cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma. In addition to that, it is exciting that we are seeing not only an increase in the number of prescribers for our lung cancer indications, but the depth of prescribing is improving and increasing in both the community and also academic settings. But that is demand based, it is not stocking based.
George Yancopoulos: And I think there is nothing specific to either pozelimab or aflibercept about the data. This has to do as Len said with general manufacturing processes and operations at the Catalent manufacturing facility, particularly with this one manufacturing line.
George Yancopoulos: And in terms of our own efforts, as I'm sure many are aware we've been very active with what we feel are very innovative approaches in the complement blockade field. And we believe that we may have an approach that may allow potential treatment in these retinal diseases. While avoiding some of the very concerning adverse events having to do with issues like inclusive vasculitis and so forth, and you'll be hearing much more about those efforts in the short-term.
George Yancopoulos: Great question. Obviously, as you know, in cancer, the biggest hurdle is actually coming up with approaches and new classes of agents that have the ability to really change the efficacy paradigm to really bring new ability to address cancers that have previously been untreatable or refractory to treatment. So I think that, that excitement continues with the costim platform in terms of all of the signs and the preclinical modeling and predictions have really delivered in terms of showing that this new class does seemingly has the ability to really change the efficacy paradigm. But now we have to balance that as you said with the safety, because with more efficacy, which is often seen in the cancer field comes more safety concerns to what you just said, what we've seen preclinically and we're now beginning to see it in the clinic that the amount of associated immune adverse events is related to the particular costim target. So what you see for one costim doesn't necessarily apply to the other costim. So we are, as you said for our PSMA costim moving out of lower doses of the Libtayo because the full dose combination, while it seems like it has the potential to be very efficacious, but also has in some cases these associated only, remember only in the patients who are having deep responses, these associated in some cases, it can be very serious even resulting in death associated immune adverse events. So we're moving away from full dose combinations there and we're going and hoping that we can maintain some level of the efficacy, but avoiding these very serious immune-related adverse events. We're not doing that yet, because we're not seeing these sort of immune-related adverse events with our other costims. And the other very, very important thing just to remind you from our preclinical modeling, these types of immune-related adverse events that we're seeing with the PSMA in combination costim in combination with Libtayo are not seeing preclinically when you combine with the CD3 bispecific. And so we are very aggressively trying to move forward those programs as well, where we hope we may have a better efficacy, safety profile. So it's both a -- very exciting time to have these very active molecules, remember or remind you, we have three classes now, three independent classes of very active molecules that have been individually validated in our portfolio. We have the checkpoint inhibitors, in particular, our PD1 and our LAG-3 checkpoint inhibitors, which are validated. We have our CD3 bispecifics which are validated and we now have our costims which are validated from the efficacy perspective, very exciting time to be mixing and matching them. The challenge is to mix-and-match them appropriately to maximize the signal-to-noise, the therapeutic benefits relative to the potential adverse events we see in the patients.
George Yancopoulos: Well, we should say that we are adjusting both doses. We have been already exploring a variety of doses from very low doses to the highest active doses on the costim side. But we've been doing all of them in the context of the full dose Libtayo. So now what we're doing is we're exploring some of the doses that are active, particularly ones are active as monotherapy, as I mentioned, there is monotherapy activity with the PSMA costim. And now we are -- to try to decrease these immune-related adverse events. Let me remind you, they are on the same sort of class of immune-related adverse events that you do see with checkpoint inhibitors in general. We're just seeing them in some patients, the one with the biggest responses in some cases to a greater extent. So we're hoping that lowering the checkpoint inhibition may allow us to adjust the therapeutic window there. But we are as you are saying dealing with a couple different doses of the costim, but now we're incorporating lower doses of the Libtayo into the program as well.
George Yancopoulos: Yeah. What we know right now is that we're going to need data from NOTUS. And right now, as we said, we are still in discussions on what that data could be. And so right now, we don't have any details to give you.
George Yancopoulos: That's a very good and fair question. And those programs are at earlier stages, so we won't know until we are more advanced, whether when we get to the same sort of efficacy type levels, do we have the same sort of immune-related adverse events associations or not. What I was referring to is in the preclinical studies, the amount of this associated T-Cell activation that can lead to these sorts of immune-related adverse events varies depending on the tumor class and on the costim itself. So based on that we would expect to see different ratios of immune-related adverse events. Those other programs though right now are all-in stages where they are in with full dose Libtayo combinations at this point.
George Yancopoulos: Well, what we would say is, we do think that obviously, there's a lot of focus on obesity and particularly these new agents that are causing a large amount of weight loss. But as you described is being increasingly recognized that the quality of this weight loss may prove challenging that many patients are actually losing muscle or lean body mass which is -- can be very detrimental particularly if they stay on these therapies or yoyo on and off them, that can really lead to substantial changes over-time and body composition can be very debilitating for patients. And as you said, we've had long investment in programs that can maintain muscle mass in various settings and we've shown that they can maintain or even grow muscle mass in the setting of these types of obesity treatments in our preclinical modeling. So obviously it is a very exciting opportunity to think about which is, can we combine some of our muscle preservation or growth strategies and biologics to prevent these concerning side effects that are being seen with the new class of profound weight loss agents. And so we are very actively pursuing everything that we can imagine. And hopefully, we'll be providing updates on our approaches as time goes along.
