Justin Holko: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone listening around the world. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and welcome to the fourth quarter 2019 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website.Joining me today are Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Senior Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A.I would also like to remind you that remarks made on today’s call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecasts and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, intellectual property, pending litigation and other proceedings and the competition.Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2019, which we are planning to file with the SEC tomorrow.Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today’s call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Additional information about those measures is also available on the Investor and Media section of our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions.With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Len Schleifer.
Justin Holko: Thank you, Bob. We’d now like to open the call for Q&A. To ensure, we are able to address as many callers as possible, please limit your questions to one or two questions. Please go ahead Sylvia.
Justin Holko: Great. Thanks for the question, Yaron. We have several callers still in the queue. I'm going to ask that each caller ask one question. We'll try to get to two or three more if we can.
Justin Holko: Great. Thanks, Bob. Apologies to folks in the queue who we did not get to and for running late here on the call this morning. The IR team and Bob will be around after the call to take any of your questions. Thank you.
Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Justin. Thank you to everyone for joining our call today. The fourth quarter capped off a strong 2019 for Regeneron. Our three growth drivers EYLEA, Dupixent and Libtayo drove double-digit growth on the top and bottom lines while we continue to make substantial investments in our innovative R&D pipeline.In the quarter, EYLEA global net product sales grew 11% to $2 billion, including U.S. EYLEA net sales growth of 13% to $1.22 billion even with the launch of a new competitor. For the full year global net sales of EYLEA grew 12% to $7.5 billion. We remain confident as we expand our leadership position in wet AMD and diabetic eye diseases.Dupixent sales are now annualizing at $3 billion as we expand our footprint in the retreatment of type 2 inflammatory diseases. Global net product sales grew 136% to $762 million in the fourth quarter. And just last week we announced that the FDA accepted for priority review our filing in pediatric atopic dermatitis, which if approved will represent a breakthrough for children six to 11 years old suffering from this debilitating disease. We are still in the early days of Dupixent with many global launches just starting and several potential new indications in late-stage development.As expected, the profits from our antibody collaboration with Sanofi continue to increase creating further revenue and earnings diversification for Regeneron. On the strength of Dupixent, we generated profits of $104 million for the fourth quarter and $209 million for the full year, despite the losses associated with Praluent and Kevzara.To that end, we have been working hard to address Praluent and Kevzara performance to further enhance profitability of the collaboration. In December, we and Sanofi announced a major restructuring of the alliance that will improve profitability, increase efficiency, and enhance focus on Dupixent. We remain on track to close the transaction in the first quarter.In oncology, we continue to make progress both commercially and in R&D. Sales for Libtayo, our anti-PD-1 therapy grew to $75 million in the fourth quarter. In the U.S. we extended Libtayo’s leadership position as the number one systemic treatment in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.As we look to 2020 for Libtayo, we are excited about the late-stage data readouts in basal cell carcinoma and the interim analysis for our pivotal monotherapy study in non-small cell lung cancer.We are also making significant progress on our bispecifics program in oncology. We had a strong showing at the American Society of Hematology Meeting in December where we presented initial data for a BCMAxCD3 antibody, as well as updated data for our CD20xCD3 antibody.While each of these programs could be important individual treatments over time, they also represent validation of our bispecifics program, which along with Libtayo form a diverse and powerful toolkit to potentially address malignant diseases.Regeneron has a track record of tackling some of the world’s most challenging health issues, while creating long-term value to shareholders. Looking back at 2019, we achieved six important regulatory approvals across our growth drivers of EYLEA, Dupixent and Libtayo. Beyond these approvals, we made significant advances in our pipeline which George will discuss.Additionally, I would like to call your attention to the global health crisis on coronavirus. We have answered the call for help and are responding diligently with HHS to develop potential treatments. George will also further outline this effort.Regeneron is entering 2020 from a position of financial strength. We have the necessary capital to advance and expand our wholly-owned R&D pipeline. Additionally, we continue to seek value-creating business development with a focus on technologies that enable and accelerate our own technologies in drug discovery and development. And when market conditions create opportunity, we will continue to buy back shares under our share repurchase program where we continue to see a significant dislocation between our share price and the long-term value of the company.In conclusion, we are pleased with our continued operational and financial execution that is creating near and long-term value. We are entering 2020 with strong momentum and we remain confident in our strategy and in our business.Now, I'll turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: And just to add to Marion's points. She mentioned benefit risk for EYLEA and also safety for EYLEA. And I think it's very important to mention that physicians of course are very sensitive to this. And in settings where efficacy and durability are considered similar, they're going to pay very close attention to things like inflammation.And then certainly in the head-to-head studies, EYLEA was shown to have about four full lower levels of inflammation. And these are the sort of things that physicians pay close attention to when efficacy and durability are considered rather similar.
Leonard Schleifer: Chris with regards to your question on guide, we are in a unique situation. By now, we would have given guidance at JPMorgan. We would have reconfirmed it on this call. And we just wanted to give you a sense a little bit direction instead of everyone driving blind with regards to where 2020 is expected to come.So again, we do our analysis and determined that we are comfortable with current consensus as it exists for full year EPS and we are not envisioning to give full EPS guidance at the end of the quarter. We will give other guidance as has been typical with maybe a little -- a few enhancements included.
Leonard Schleifer: So I just wanted to add to my comments on the C5. And as I said, we set a pretty high bar for ourselves with just our antibody. And as we've announced the data suggests that that antibody is meeting that high bar by itself on its own which I think puts us in a very, very exciting position because now we have the opportunity to even take it to a completely new level with this exciting collaborative opportunity with the Alnylam siRNA.So the fact that our antibody by itself is looking like might be meeting this high bar of being a best-in-class agent providing big advantages to patients on its own having the opportunity to then combine it with the siRNA really I think is very exciting for the field and for patients.
George Yancopoulos: Okay. So first of all, we have no reason to think that they wouldn't be. I know that there's a lot of speculation but it hasn't really been tested with reagents like our bispecifics to see whether solid tumors R&D are more resistant or not.But that notwithstanding, in case single agent therapy is not as effective for solid tumors, that is why we are preparing for that possibility with our various combinations. And our combinations include both combinations with these new classes of bispecs called costims which dramatically increased responses at least in preclinical models in the solid tumor setting, but also combinations with Libtayo and other kinds of checkpoint inhibitors and immunomodulatory agents.So the notion is though we're hopeful for single-agent activity, we are prepared that just like in many other cancers and many other treatment settings that combinations are going to be the key to success and we have a real exciting set of combination opportunities in the solid tumor space setting, as I said particularly with our costim bispecifics added to our CD3 bispecifics, as well as our PD-1, but other additional immunomodulatory agents.I'll turn the next question over to Marion about the Dupixent.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. So as we said response rates are not regulatory approval endpoint. However, historically they've been shown to be a very good indicator for the activity. And in the setting of checkpoint inhibitors, they tend to correlate pretty well with what you see in terms of overall survival. And so our already reported response rates where we've almost doubled the response rate, certainly suggests profound clinical activity and is a real positive indicator.Of course, until we see the interim data, we won't know. But I think that that would put Libtayo in a very small space of agents that are now showing profound monotherapy activity in PD-L1 positive setting. So it would be a very exciting position to be in on top of this already demonstrated impressive best-in-class activity in the non-melanoma skin space.
George Yancopoulos: Well as Geoff you probably followed closely with our first-class of bispecs, whenever you have a new class of agents and you're working with the FDA, of course the first purpose is to be moving as carefully and as safely as possible. And so for our first bispec, it took a long time to get to efficacious dose levels.When we finally got there, we had actually show that we have gotten there with a pretty safe approach, which now other people are trying to emulate. And then, we were able to pretty rapidly as I described with our second dose level get to efficacious dose level with our second CD3 bispecifics.So now, the CD28 class represents once again a new class. We are hoping that we're going to repeat that sort of experience and the timing of it of course is dependent on so many factors.So, depending on how it goes, we may reach effective dose levels sooner rather than later and get data sooner rather than later. But the major point is that we're working with the FDA and with our collaborators to make sure that we use this innovative new approach as safely as possible.So it all depends on how the dose escalation goes and when we get to what we think are the effective dose levels and it could be sooner or it could be a little later. And all we're hoping is that we're going to see the same sort of profound activity that we saw with our first-class of bispecifics which is really suggesting that they may be best-in-class.And if we can now layer on a completely new class that has synergistic activity, I think that will be very exciting and important for patients for all these settings where they're not responding right now to immunotherapy or where their responses are not as optimal as we would want.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. As you said, we agree with you. We believe that there are a lot of settings for C5 beyond the PNH setting. I think that what we've disclosed so far and what we're talking about right now is the PNH. Why?Because the data are so clear-cut in terms of what the high bar that we have to reach to believe that we have something that could be a real improvement for patients and for the class.And so once we hit that bar there, we would be pretty confident then that it would also continue to maybe be a real advance for patients in best-in-class in all these other settings that you referred to. So we're certainly not ignoring those. But what we're talking about and focusing about right now is the really well understood space of PNH.
George Yancopoulos: Well, yeah. I was going to say well the hazard ratio actually was 0.63 for Keynote-024 and 0.69 for Keynote-042. But you also mentioned the ratio. So the first 361 patients in that interim analysis what we announced was the response rates. And our ratio for response rates in those patients was actually better than the ratio of any response rates that have been reported by Keytruda in first-line lung setting.However, the data was immature. That's response rate data the hazard ratio that you're referring to is overall survival. That requires much more mature data where you're following patients out for obviously survival.So, the early data it was that obviously we're reporting on the more mature response rate data, which are pretty close or should reflect what the ultimate data will look like. The survival data, we have to wait and see for those events to start accruing.And what we said is the ratio of the response rate is very favorable when you compare that, because in all the studies that have either succeeded or failed the response rate data ends up being pretty predictive of the overall survival hazard ratio.And what we are saying is that as the data is maturing now, we have the power if we have overall survival hazard ratios akin to those sorts of between 0.6 to 0.7 numbers that as the data matures we will have the power to see that.
Marion Mccourt: Let me take the first part on EYLEA. And yes, you did hear me correctly that while we introduced the prefilled syringe for EYLEA in mid-December, it did not have an impact, a material impact. And certainly we were at normal stocking levels days on hand in the fourth quarter.One thing I’ll describe to you is we very deliberately have introduced the prefilled syringe in a staggered way. And this was obviously with such a large product so that there would be market experience and we would have a gradual introduction.We do plan to have availability of full market supply by the March timeframe and then physicians and offices will be able to make the decision as to whether they choose to use the prefilled range, which does have tremendous convenience and has had very positive early market feedback.But the vial will be available as well if there are instances where an office or a physician would like to use the vial. We do anticipate however though that the prefilled syringe will be very popular in the marketplace and over time will be the majority of our use, but it has been a staggered introduction.
Marion Mccourt: Sure. So I'm happy to comment. As I mentioned, the overall market is growing obviously driven by demographics and then also the diabetic population sadly is growing as well. I really don't have specificity to give you on market growth, particular by indication.But I can give you some of the trends that I think will be helpful. We are seeing greater growth in our EYLEA business coming from diabetic eye disease, while still growing and performing very competitively in wet AMD not only in the fourth quarter but through the entirety of last year.In terms of going forward though as I mentioned before the source of business is shifting somewhat. So as we looked at the fourth quarter performance I shared with you that our EYLEA business for wet AMD is just under 60% of the business. So that's a migration to a greater source of business coming from diabetic eye disease.And then if we looked at the overall business, I would also add in, probably if you do the math that leaves maybe about 30% of business coming from diabetic eye disease and approximately 10% of business coming from retinal vein inclusion.
Marion Mccourt: Sure. So as I reflect on atopic dermatitis for adults adolescents first I shared with you that we're in the early days. For atopic dermatitis with adults, we've only really captured about 20% of the population of moderate to severe patients that are in need. Adolescents obviously has been a more recent launch. The adolescent population is approximately half or so of the adult population for atopic dermatitisAs we come into pediatrics, obviously we don't have an indication there. We're doing our final preparation work for the launch. We're very excited about this population because these - these very young patients are suffering tremendously as is their entire family.I think the experience that we've had with adults and adolescents bodes well for our ability to be very successful with the pediatric indication as soon as we have the approval. So we look forward in the future to giving more insight and more content on our strategy, size of population and our go-to-market profile.But we feel very, very positively about what's happened to date in atopic dermatitis and where we're going in the future. Frankly, we – FDA willing we cannot wait for this indication so we could help more patients.
Robert Landry: So Geoff, I would concur with the assumptions that you made. I mean certainly, we've mentioned that Kevzara and Praluent have been a sizable drain with regards to the alliance profitability that we've shown.So certainly, the changes that are going to be made and coupled with the incoming royalties that we expect to get will certainly help our going forward margins.
Robert Landry: Yes. The question with regards to whether or not the Sanofi deal has given us benefit versus in Q4. I would say, we continue to go after operating expenses for PRALUENT and KEVZARA and we did see some of that in Q4. Again this is an issue that we've been going after. And we've had some success in terms of lowering the operating expenses associated with that.We did take a restructuring charge in Q4 and you'll see that outlined in our earnings announcement that was issued earlier this morning. And the big benefits you will begin to see will take place kind of effective Q1, where -- as we speak right now we're changing the operations of the businesses.
Robert Landry: Let me just clarify one other thing. With regards to Q4 on the alliance profitability, we were -- we did incur significant expenses associated with the asthma DTC campaign which had a rollout effective in Q4 and I'm sure a lot of people have seen that throughout the quarter.
Robert Landry: So the question on comfortability in the restructuring. We are comfortable with the consensus with the restructuring built into that. And again, let me remind you as I stated on the call the first quarter non-GAAP EPS results are typically lower than the fourth quarter of the prior year due to trends in tax rate and other seasonal market dynamics.
Robert Landry: One second George before you get into. I just wanted to comment so there's no misunderstanding. You cited a hazard ratio of 0.5 and I think that was for the chemo combo therapy in 24 for the overall survival hazard ratio was 0.6. And in 42 just to double check it was 0.69. So I just want to make sure we have the right hazard ratios out there. Sorry. Go ahead George.
Robert Landry: Yeah. Hartaj, thanks for the question. I'm going to wait until we iron that out with regards to -- at the end of Q1 where we give our guidance related to that. There's a lot of moving parts associated with exactly what the Kevzara and Praluent responsibilities are going to look the deal closing timing associated with that.And possibly the related modification of the agreement, which may allow us to change the financial presentation associated with that. So there's again a lot of moving parts. So if you can just kind of park that question until the end of into March. Thanks.
