Justin Holko: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone listening around the globe. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, and welcome to the first quarter 2021 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Co-Founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Executive Vice President and Head of Commercial; Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on today's call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecasts and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, intellectual property, pending litigation and other proceedings and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the Investor Relations team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Justin Holko: Thank you, Bob. Mary that concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. With several callers in the queue and to ensure that we were able to address as many as possible, we will answer just one question from each caller before moving to the next. Please go ahead, Mary.
Justin Holko: No, that’s it. Well, thank you for everyone joining the call today. We still have several callers in the queue that we didn’t get to; we apologize for that. We will follow up with you after the call. Thanks to everyone for dialing in. Be safe and have a good day.
Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Justin, and thank you to everyone joining today's call. We were off to a strong start in 2021, again delivering double-digit growth on the top and bottom lines. I am immensely proud of all that Regeneron continues to accomplish in the fight against COVID and for patients suffering from a variety of diseases. 
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, I would just add two points that, one is the safety will be particularly concerning, I think for the long-term treatment of children. And so, I think, as the safety profile that Dupixent has shown is really, frankly – it’s almost unparallel in terms of what you can do with the ageing on the efficacy side and not have any significant concerns on the safety side.  The other point in terms of the penetration, even if you look at how these markets have evolved, when more agents have come on for rheumatoid arthritis and for psoriasis, the penetration is so low here that, even with competition there is room for market growth rather than direct fighting it out in terms of a fixed amount of market share.  So, we expect our profile, safety as Marion says to be really firm on treating physicians’ minds and we do think the low level of penetration thus far does leave room for growth nonetheless. 
Leonard Schleifer: Well, George, you might want to comment if we have any interest in that, but in terms of the commercial side of this, when you talk to patients, the kind of patients we are treating moderate to severe atopic dermatitis, they have lesions over large fraction of their body.  I can remember exactly what it was in our trials, what we are seeing out there commercially is large fractions of their body are affected by this disease. And so, I think that adding topical perhaps, but people actually trying to get away from – trying to get away from having to lather up over their entire body.  The other thing about Dupixent that we can never forget is that, the broad aspects of approvals across lots of allergic diseases and with the growing number, it’s very important because these diseases do tend to run in groups. There are many people who have asthma and atopic dermatitis or asthma and nasal polyposis or atopic dermatitis and other allergic diseases which we are studying. So, I think that our broad profile across lots of other diseases is also going to give us a very strong competitive position. 
Leonard Schleifer: Right. Thanks for that question, Cory. We’ve been active discussions and productive discussions with the FDA. Obviously, one never knows what they are going to do exactly and when they are going to do it. But we anticipate an action by the FDA over the next – sometime in the next several weeks in terms of the lower 1.2 gram dose.  I think from there, they will turn their attention to the prevention data which they have in front of them as well as the subcu data, as well as the chronic prevention opportunities. So, I can assure you the FDA has been working really hard. We are in constant contact with them answering questions, going over things and as I said, we expect something to – anticipated decisions sometime in the next several weeks. 
Leonard Schleifer: And Cory, I am sorry, of course, we are continuing to supply the market and there is no shortage of product out there in terms of people needing to be treated now can be treated with the 2.4 gram dose and there is ample product available. 
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I think that the lifecycle management continues to beat from more data that kind of data that we generated in diabetic retinopathy with the PANORAMA and Protocol W, which George reviewed, I think are very important results. And so, I think that will drive more treatment in that area. In terms of the high dose, I think you heard from George, that we’ll get some of the preliminary Phase 2 data later this year. And then, for next entrants, we have readying for the clinic a newer version, if you will, which we will unveil for you when we get that into the clinic.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. And as George was saying that, you’re trying to extend the action, but, if you look at an interval where in some patients, let’s say, you take them at an every eight weekend, but, there is still some people who are not completely dry, because the drug probably isn’t lasting the full eight weeks even. And so, you might see more drying as a manifestation of the longer action. So there is couple of ways to slice, but, surely, you’re looking to put more drugs and having it last longer.
Leonard Schleifer: I don’t think we are really in a position. It’s better for Roche to comment on how the market is developing outside of the United States. But, I do know that they are working on a lot of different discussions with a lot of different jurisdictions. And there is, as we speak now, adequate supply. But, obviously, the pandemic changes pretty quickly. So, I think Roche is probably going to be better positioned to answer that, unless Justin has anything more specific for you.
George Yancopoulos: Thank you, Len. With the COVID-19 still in the headlines, I will start with our monoclonal antibody treatment, the REGEN-COV cocktail. We recently reported data from the large Phase 3 outcomes trial in the outpatient setting confirming that REGEN-COV reduced the risk of hospitalization and death by 70% with both the 2.4 gram and the lower 1.2 gram doses.  We are pleased that based on these data, the NIH guidelines were updated in early April to include a strong recommendation for monoclonal antibody combinations to treat outpatients with mild or moderate COVID-19 as defined by the EUA criteria. We have also recently reported data from a large two-part Phase 3 trial of REGEN-COV with Part A in the preventative setting and Part B in the recently infected patients. 
George Yancopoulos: Yes, I think that basically a higher dose will simply - the notion is extend the duration of action. That would be the primary thing that we are looking at. So, obviously, it allows for longer duration of action because, you will go longer until you achieve the minimally effective dose. So, the notion is, is, can we show that we will now have increased numbers of patients, who can do well with every 12-week dosing or every 16-week dosing? So, that’s the major goal of testing the higher dose.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, I think that is the most important aspect of this for us is, this is a platform. And as we’ve said, we have multiple targets that might be amenable to this platform that we’ve already identified through our Regeneron Genetic Center. And so, of great interest will be does it work and what will be the safety and the tolerability profile? So, we think that this will be a platform determining sort of a result, depending on how it turns out.
Robert Landry: Thanks, Marion. And good morning and afternoon to everyone listening to the call. My comments today on financial results and outlook will be on a non-GAAP basis where applicable. As Len stated, Regeneron is off to a strong start in 2021 as we continue to execute across the business delivering double-digit top and bottom line growth in the first quarter.  For the first quarter, total revenues grew 38% year-over-year to $2.5 billion, driven by growth in global EYLEA sales; increased Sanofi collaboration profitability driven by Dupixent and sales of our REGEN-COV antibody cocktail. Diluted net income per share grew 50% year-over-year to $9.89 on net income of $1.1 billion. Excluding revenues related to REGEN-COV, Regeneron achieved 20% total revenue growth versus the prior year. As you’ve heard from Marion, we completed our initial contract to supply REGEN-COV to the U.S. government in the first quarter assuming that we secure an updated EUA for the 1.2 gram treatment dose we expect to deliver at least 1 million of REGEN-COV at $2100 per dose for our follow-on contract with the U.S. government in the second quarter.  I will now move to collaboration revenues, which were $754 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared to $528 million in the first quarter of 2020. Starting with the Bayer collaboration, Ex-US EYLEA net product sales reported to us by Bayer were $824 million for the first quarter of 2021, representing growth of 21% on a reported basis and 12% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year. Total Bayer collaboration revenue was $323 million, of which we recorded $309 million for our share of net profits from EYLEA sales outside the U.S. Total Sanofi collaboration revenue was $365 million in the first quarter. Our share of the profits from the commercialization of Dupixent and Kevzara was $261 million, which compares favorably to profits of $171 million in the prior year driven by Dupixent. We recorded initial Roche collaboration revenues of $67 million for our share of gross profits from the distribution of the antibody cocktail by Roche outside of the U.S.  Other revenue to $50 million in the first quarter, compared to $63 million in the prior year. In 2021, we expect this line to be less than half of what we recorded in 2020 due to lower border reimbursements with the EBOLA and COVID-19 programs.  Moving on to our operating expenses, and starting with R&D. R&D increased 28% year-over-year to $673 million, primarily due to continued clinical development costs for our REGEN-COV antibody cocktail.  Next, SG&A expense increased 16% year-over-year to $355 million. The year-over-year increase was driven by commercial investments for Libtayo, cost related to the roll out of REGEN-COV and higher employee-related expenses.  Cost of goods sold increased versus the prior year from $70 million to $173 million due to REGEN-COV manufacturing costs and Praluent manufacturing cost in the in the U.S. which were recorded by Sanofi in the first quarter of 2020.  Additionally, in other operating income and expense, we recorded $4 million expense, compared to $25 million of income in the prior year. This is driven by interest expense related to our $2 billion debt issuance in August 2020 and lower investment returns on our existing cash and marketable securities.  Finally, the effective tax rate was 10.5% in the first quarter of 2021. Included in this rate is the benefit achieved by a reduction in uncertain tax position liabilities related to the IRS audits of the 2015 and 2016 tax years.  Shifting now to cash flow and the balance sheet. In the first quarter of 2021, Regeneron generated $553 million in free cash flow and ended the quarter with net cash and marketable securities of $5.1 billion. In the first quarter, we utilized $323 million of our $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization and we remain opportunistic buyers in the market.  I would now like to provide select updates to our 2021 guidance. A complete summary of our latest full year guidance is available in our press release published earlier this morning. We are updating full year 2021 guidance for COCM to be in the range of $660 million to $730 million, the lower guidance range is related to the timing of contract manufacturing of Praluent for Sanofi. We are also updating guidance for our 2021 non-GAAP effective tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 15%. The increase from prior guidance is driven by higher forecasted delivery of REGEN-COV under our second U.S. government contract, which is passed at the U.S. statutory rate.  In Regeneron is off to a strong start in 2021 and continues to execute across all aspects of the business. We are well positioned for the remainder of 2021 and continue to make those investments necessary to ensure long-term growth.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Justin.
Robert Landry: Yes, I mean, I’ll talk about the tax rate. I mean, certainly there is a lot to be played out with regards to what’s going to happen on the tax rate. You heard what I said, we are obviously moving well within our full year guidance. We did have favorable outcome with regards uncertain tax positions that we are able to reverse, which kind of drove a little lower in the quarter on that front.  On operating margins, Geoff, you know, I guess, the one piece that’s not so transparent everybody is, we are still incurring a lot of R&D as it pertains to REGEN-COV with regards to the trials, the enrollment numbers. So, I don’t want people to come our way and say, you know, as a result of the Roche benefit we got in the REGEN-COV product sales that without that the margins would have been as good.  But we did incur a lot of expenses pertaining to that that are within the R&D line that we just don’t specifically talk about. The business on its own, excluding REGEN-COV it was 20% top-line and 35% EBI, okay? So, again, it shows you the underlying strength as you’ve heard from Len at the very beginning of his words in terms of how we are performing.  We think the operating margin is – continue to stay at that and improve at that level. I mean, certainly, it’s the leverage on Dupixent, right? To the extent you saw that Sanofi did a terrific job ex U.S. where we are starting to get a little momentum in terms of ex U.S. sales. So, to the extent that that will continue to play out, we’ll continue to get good operating margins associated with that and then that will drive our overall margins. 
Robert Landry: Sure. Our cash balance on a net cash basis sitting at $5.1 billion and we are roughly at $7 billion on a gross basis. And again, we like the flexibility that it affords us. I always need to make sure that internally, we have enough to obviously support the internal R&D of which we continue to go after different modalities and that’s kind of tied into our second leg of the stool where we don’t have kind of in-house capability on everything.  It’s great that we have the capability for George and the BT team to go out and get other technologies whether it be the Intellia-driven technology on CRISPR or Alnylam and alike. And we are continuing to play heavy in that space and we need to make sure that things we go after are most likely going to be early-stage.  We are not looking for kind of transformative kind of M&A deals on that front as of right now and we continue to stay hungry in that place with the right opportunities. And then as you saw, we did $325 million share buybacks. We have a $1.5 billion program that we authorized in January.  We are opportunistic buyers and we think the intrinsic value of where we see it compared to where the market is currently playing we are going to take advantage of that delta and we did such that in the first quarter and we are continuing to do that on that front. And that continues to be an active play for us. 
Marion McCourt: Sure. So, I am having to start off, first, let me say that we are seeing tremendous experience with Dupixent in the marketplace today. And this obviously is a cost indications including atopic dermatitis. And also very importantly, across age categories which demonstrate not only the efficacy, the speed of action, the safety, the tolerability, we pay really close attention to competitors coming into the marketplace.  And certainly in the case of these JAK inhibitors we are well aware of the multiple delays, also recent clinical data that is calling into question issues of safety, especially at the higher doses, but even at the lower doses and the continuation of Blackrock’s warnings, we hear from our key opinion leaders who use Dupixent and see it as their main stay of therapy currently and going forward with great confidence in the safety profile.  This is a chronic therapy and certainly the risk of hematologic effects, malignancies, infection and so on are just not something that is tolerable for these patients when they have a tremendous alternative. So I think we feel very confident in our competitive profile going forward. And also remind that Dupixent, obviously, based on its mode of action, has great efficacy across Type 2 disease and other indications. Patients do sometimes have concomitant conditions. So, on balance, we’ll stay very close to this and to our key opinion leaders and specialists who are very, very confident in the profile of Dupixent. 
Marion McCourt: Yes, I just - just going to add real quickly, this is Marion, on that question, I just wanted to share as well that, in the market experience, we do and obviously look at this very carefully to market research and have a very high level of satisfaction with Dupixent for patients with atopic dermatitis. So I just want to make sure that there is not an impression left that there lot of patients necessarily looking for something more who are treated with Dupixent for atopic dermatitis. 
Marion McCourt: Sure. So, let me say, first of all, obviously, the product you mentioned is not approved and still at the stage where the clinical data is being reviewed. As I mentioned to some of you who were on the last call, as we look at the clinical profile today of faricimab, we do not see a threat to EYLEA.  Certainly, some of the recent data had some questions on clinical profile and certainly with an increase in IOIO rate, question on the safety profile. I think the net conclusion on the key opinion leaders that I spoke to in retinal community was that they didn’t see an obvious benefit to the product and perhaps even questions in matching the safety, durability, and clinical profile of EYLEA across indications. I’ll mention that certainly with EYLEA, when an important attribute is the ability to treat and extend therapy and there is some elements of that clinical trial designed to constrain EYLEA’s dosing interval, we actually hear on a regular basis that one of the reasons why EYLEA is performing so well in the first quarter of 2021 and frankly performed so well last year is because of its efficacy and the ability to treat and extend for patients. We remain very confident in EYLEA’s profile against the competitive product you mentioned.
Marion McCourt: Sure. You mentioned something that we look forward to and will be very much prepared for the pediatric launch for Dupixent in the asthma market later this year. We do see this as a tremendous opportunities for these really young patients, age six and up, who are struggling today and will benefit tremendously from the Dupixent ability to improve their airway function and reduce exacerbations and help these patients and their families with these children living more normal and healthy lives.  It’s very important and then, at the same time, recognizing Dupixent’s safety profile. So, at the same time, we take care of the asthma and as Len mentioned before the possibility of concomitant diseases associated with type 2 disease. So we do feel that this will be a very important indication launch. We look forward to and it once again confirms the efficacy and the safety of Dupixent.
Marion McCourt: Sure. Happy to take your question. First, I’ll say, we are very pleased with the performance of Dupixent, both in terms of initiations and total scrips. We haven’t given details of share by indications. So I’ll stay away from that specificity today. But, as you can see from our total performance and the data shared, we certainly are performing very, very well in the asthma marketplace. I am not going to comment on other company’s pricing strategies, but what I can say is, when we look at the data comparing Dupixent uptake either initiations or total scrips, it compares very favorably to the IL-5s and we know that this is a result of the clinical profile, the safety profile and the value that not only pulmonologists, but also allergists are seeing in Dupixent for asthma. And as you know with allergists also treating patients with concomitant diseases.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So let me talk about the total indications that I can share with you is that, the dermatology, atopic dermatitis business in Dupixent is about 75%, about 25% in respiratory disease both asthma and nasal polyps, asthma, of course, being the larger of the two in respiratory disease. Both are growing very, very strongly.  And remember that we launched in atopic dermatitis several years before we did in the asthma marketplace. Both are growing very, very strongly and certainly, as we look at the future potential for Dupixent in atopic dermatitis, we have a long way to go. There is still tremendous unmet need across all age groups, the youngest patients, adolescents and adults. And then, the asthma marketplace as well, it’s important to note that today, about 75% of the patients in asthma going on Dupixent are biologic-naive. So, we’re getting these new starts. There is tremendous opportunity and Dupixent has been one of the growers of the overall asthma biologics marketplace.  As mentioned the - in response to the earlier question, we look forward to - with an FDA approval to launch in pediatrics later this year, but, among adults and adolescents, there’s still tremendous opportunity in asthma as well. Both are growth engines for the product.  And this is without even the many indications I look forward to launching in the future related to type 2 disease like eosinophilic esophagitis and some of the other areas in allergy that George mentioned in his update today.
