Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Michael, and a very good morning to everyone who has joined us on the call and webcast today. I would like to begin by giving you a high-level stance of our near-term and longer term priorities at Regeneron. EYLEA our flagship anti-VEGF continues to remain a key financial driver for Regeneron. We are pleased with the continued growth of EYLEA and are committed to maintaining our leadership position in the branded anti-VEGF market by pursuing both additional indications for EYLEA such as diabetic retinopathy, where we currently have a Phase III study ongoing. And we are also looking at ways in which we can improve upon the high efficacy bar set by EYLEA through combinations within antibody to Ang2 where we currently have two Phase II studies ongoing. While EYLEA remains very important to our business, we are equally focused on the ongoing launch of Praluent or PCSK9 antibody for long LDL cholesterol as well as advancing our pipeline. For Praluent, we believe that if outcomes data are positive it will drive greater use of this class. As mentioned in our release, we expect this second interim analysis by the end of this month. Moving on to Sarilumab our IL-6 receptor antibody for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, as you heard last week, we received a complete response letter from the FDA, this was due to certain manufacturing deficiencies, not specific to Sarilumab. They we observed during a routine inspection of a Sanofi fill and finish plant in France. Sanofi has provided comprehensive responses and is working closely with the FDA to address the deficiencies as expeditiously as possible. It is only been a week since we received the complete response letter and we are preparing to engage in meaningful discussions with the FDA, so it is too early for us to comment on the expected timeline for a potential Sarilumab approval. We do not expect these manufacturing deficiencies will impact Dupilumab or as it is now known by its branding Dupixent, where our Biological License Application or BLA is currently under FDA prior review for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis in the dose. The FDA action date for the BLA is at the end of March. Dupixent is a very important pipeline product candidate for us and we believe that atopic dermatitis represents an area of high unmet need. As a reminder, we received breakthrough designation this indication. In addition to atopic dermatitis, we are also investigating Dupixent in other indications including asthma, where we recently completed enrollment in our second pivotal study. In midterm, we are looking forward to important clinical progress several of our Phase II and III programs, which spend a variety of therapeutic areas such as allergic diseases, pain, viral diseases, ophthalmology, oncology, cardio metabolic diseases, inflammatory and rare diseases. These programs have the potential to drive the next wave of growth for Regeneron. You will hear more about the key clinical developments from some of these programs from George. At Regeneron, we have always been committed to long-term science and innovation. In fact, today’s marketed products as well as the 16 product candidates in clinical development were all home grown in our internal R&D engine. We will continue to invest in science and technology that can provide sustainable innovation and growth well into the future. This unique long-term focus on science is at the heart of why we have been able to attract top talent, which is key to our continuing success. Through that end, last week we were thrilled to be named by science magazine as the number one company in the biotech or pharmaceutical industry to work for. A recognition we received for four of the last six years. We know that our industry has faced many important questions regarding pricing of drugs. This is not the forum to discuss the complex issue of drug pricing, but I think it is important to note that Regeneron is in a unique position. As the company founded on Science and committed to the research and development of important new products, we are well positioned to succeed even in a difficult and constrained pricing environment. In fact, we have never raised prices on any of our drugs choosing instead to grow through the optimization of currently marketed products by pursuing new indications, as well as the introduction of new medicines. Our future potential growth will be driven by this strategy. With that, let me turn the George.
Leonard Schleifer: First. Since you are talking about timing, we really don’t give guidance on timing and as we have with our - we typically look at this and give the top-line press releases is our typical practice.
Leonard Schleifer: So Flynn I’ll let Bob amplify if he likes, but the obvious potential growth drivers for EYLEA comes from demographics, aging population, more patients with diabetic eye disease, potentially would come from market share depending upon what continues to happen in the marketplace. This is potential for ups and downs there. And obviously an additional indications diabetic retinopathy those in the three places where we would be focusing and looking to drive growth off of a very large base obviously.
Leonard Schleifer: Sure, this is Len. At the risk of unveiling a little bit of our strategy here, but not too much of it because obviously we have to get to market. It is a tough environment and the people who are paying the bills have seen what I would consider in some cases almost outrageous increases at least on the WAC price of the wholesale acquisition drugs, rheumatoid arthritis where people taking double-digit increases, sometimes twice a year. To me that suggests some sort of tone deafness in this environment. We think that we have to compete on two in two way, we have to compete with a very good drug, which we think Sarilumab will be. Of course, we have to get over this filling glitch and get to market as quickly as we can. But we think that the class is doing very well, there is some date out there from the first engine of the class where monotherapy against the leading NITNF, the and IL-6 receptor class performed better. And there are some people who simply don’t like to take Methotrexate, we have data of our own, which probably won’t be enough for us filing similar types of results with outperforming in monotherapy. But giving a solid entry with good properties is not going to be enough here and we have to compete with an offering that payers will find attractive. I think Regeneron is willing to break some of the mold here and now I’m getting some hints from my colleagues that I have probably said enough. So I will leave it at that.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, Jeff. As usual, you ask some of the best and most penetrating questions. And as usual we will give you or we would love to give you an answer, but we really not in a position to discuss the details of discussions that aren’t going with the FDA, how they are going to be resolved, the strategy redundancy, what is in filing, what isn’t and so on and so forth. We can summarize by saying that Sanofi is working very hard and they believe they can quickly remedy the deficiencies that were not related to Sarilumab per say, but rather some general GMP deficiencies, which there frankly and well on their way to remedy of course we have to work with the agency and they have to be satisfied. In terms of products that are already manufactured there. I think you should think the FDA sort of takes a risk based approach here, they have sort of maybe frozen in place those things that are actually being - assuming that they don’t think a plant is way out of whack. And nothing can be shipped and still they continued to fill an used product from that facility for approved products. It’s a new product such as Sarilumab, which gets sort of shout off obviously and unfortunately. We are working with them on Sarilumab and we are also working with a different group on Dupixent, which is a breakthrough product, which has a whole different set of approaches to it. So it’s complicated, you can imagine there is tremendous amount of work, a week seems like a long time maybe in your world, but in the world of regulatory interactions and manufacturing remedies and so on, it’s still relatively short time.
Leonard Schleifer: We are going to give you only one question. And so the first question has to do with how do we know how quickly this is going to be remedied. Well we don’t know how quickly it’s going to be remedied for sure, obviously. We know how quickly, which is in a relatively short period of time that Sanofi feels as if they can get the plant in full GMP compliance. In fact, they have already broadened all sorts of efforts and resources, they have already submitted a detail plan, they have already submitted the first or second progress reports against that plan. And so, we feel that the strategy is the right one, and the approach is the right one. Obviously, we will just have to work with the agency and see how quickly they can feel comfortable that the plan is ready to go. Next question.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I don’t think there has been much sequential change at all in the gross to net, it’s been flat sequentially in the last two quarters.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, I’m not convinced that the driver of this market is whether or not you have something every other weak or every month or what have you. I do believe that people will be driven by the LDL lowering by the outcomes data that would we hope we will support the LDL hypothesis, will continue to support it. And largely driven by payers, they have already demonstrated that they will not pay for convenience, if you look at the hepatitis C class, they put a much less convenient regimen up against a much more expensive regimen. So I don’t think convenience per say is going to drive the market. On the other hand, we like to come up with offerings that are as convenient as possible for patients.
Leonard Schleifer: Well one thing I should mention is many plans do not have the ability at the present times to enter into these types of arrangements. So it’s going to be a rarity that a plan is able to implement value-based price contracting. However, for those that can do it, we are working with those plans to establish a value-based contract more appropriate.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, I understand before I turn to what George has said, which is that in contrast to Praluent. We knew with Praluent of course that we could lower cholesterol rather dramatically, but to most patients unless they are highly involved in the detail of their care, which some are, but many to them that isn’t the end all, be all something that they wakeup everyday wondering how to get their cholesterol down. Of course they have had a heart attack and everybody in the family does, then they do pay attention to that. But then there was the push back, well you don’t really know do you that it improves outcomes and we’re just going on a hypothesis. Even though there is a great deal of data to certainly support that hypothesis. So it’s not a disease that people are clamoring to get treated and it’s not outcomes that are readily in hand. Contrast that with Praluent where these patients are desperate for treatment, truly desperate for treatment and we are not talking about the topical treatments that are available such as steroids that might become available when you are dealing with small areas relatively to modest disease. We are talking about the kind of patients George referred to, which are really quite significant. And these patients can see the outcome themselves, they can tell that they are doing better and we see it in our studies, we see it in our questionnaires, we see it in whether or not there is sweeping because they can scratch themselves so badly. I heard a story the other day which practically was a group of us who practically brought us all to tears, where a little boy who was visiting his grandparents and so cuddling and sleeping on the same bed. With very bad atopic dermatitis said to his grandparents, can you each hold one of my hands when I sleep so I don’t scratch myself so badly. I mean think about that, this is a disease that people really are looking for treatment. And if we can get this drug approved, first for adults and hopefully down the road for children, we can really provide something that they can tangibly feel. We are passive about making sure that we remove all the barriers out there and we expect to work with patients, with doctors, with payers, with organizations to make sure that people are aware of this treatment and can get access to it. Next question.
Leonard Schleifer: Great. Thank you all for joining the call today. As we mentioned before, the IR team and Bob, the Chief Financial Officer will be available to answer any questions that didn’t make it on the call. That ends the call for today.
Robert Landry: But more in general comment Robyn, we would say that and George might want to amplify and I think it’s a tough bar, and we are constantly looking to try and improve on that and so when we get the data we certainly will give you a top-line assessment.
Robert Landry: Terence hi, it’s Bob. Yes, I mean we go out with our SG&A guidance upcoming we are not in a position right now to talk to that, but again we have spent time on this call and you have heard us previously with regards to the spending we have around Dupixent. So with the March 29th PDUFA date coming, we need to ensure that we are ready with regards to our marketing and our sales team is everything to be able to hit the road very quickly on that. And again, we are still investing behind Praluent as we wait for the outcomes data in Sarilumab. As I mentioned on the call, I mean we are putting promotional dollars behind that in our marketing and spending and when the FDA list the regulatory approval on that then we will be in a position to ensure that the product is fully supported from a marketing and sales perspective.
Robert Landry: Its Bob. I think it’s important though also to keep in mind that the market has been characterized by a significant amount of TNF cycling and the reality is after a patient receives one TNF inhibitor, if they move a second, we see a diminishing efficacy overtime. We have an obligation from a sales and marketing perspective when we get approved to stop the TNF cycling and IL-6 inhibition plays a central role in RA. It plays a role in not only the symptoms but in terms of the progression of joint damage. And we have to educate physicians on that. So we are anxious to have the product get approved and get that message out there.
Robert Landry: So, we have done very, very well with EYLEA in DME that has been the driver of growth over the last couple of years. Primarily driven by the impressive protocol p results, which indicated that EYLEA was superior Lucentis and that Fasinumab on its primary end-point. The challenge with continuing growth in DME is that there are number of patients that never make it to the retinal specialist office. They go to an ophthalmologist who do laser therapy, laser is a revenue driver in the ophthalmologist office and they don’t make it to the retinal physician’s office where they could get access to anti-VEGF therapy. This has been a focus for us, we are educating, we are trying to educate patients that if they do have DME, they ought to get themselves to an retinal specialist, but this is chipping away at a habit among the ophthalmologist and its going to take some time. But we continue to see that the DME market does offer substantial growth opportunities for us in the future and as Len mentioned earlier if and when we get to diabetic retinopathy indication that would be a further driver.
Robert Landry: So just add to that. So far the patients that have received Praluent on a every two week basis have been happy with the dosing frequent, whereas convenience is not a big issue, but as Len pointed out, we would like to offer another dosing form for those patients who do want monthly convenience. But this is not an issue in the marketplace at the current time.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, this is George. In some ways this decision is out of our hands and it’s very subjective in terms of there is independent monitoring board that without us is going to look at the data regardless of even if we hit the numbers that you stated in terms of our overwhelming efficacy. They have to make a decision about not only consistency and so forth that they are going to take into account whether there is rationale and it’s worthwhile, because maybe they want to look with in subgroup or another to get the complete data set. And so it’s very hard to predict something like that and as I said, is up to an independent data monitoring, its completely out of our hand and they could simply decide for example that they want to follow and get more [deaths] (Ph) in one particular subgroup even though the overall population was very clear. So the end result is I can’t really answer your question, because we just don’t know.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, we have no reason to think that there is any issues what so ever with that or that would have contributed all to the results and that the results we believe simply reflects the biology or the lack of biology for the PDGF pathway.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, we suggest like you know that obviously in our studies on average the patients that we study had more than 50% of their body surface. At baseline covered by this disease and a quarter of the patients had 85% or more of their body covered with this disease. This just shows how severely these patients are and it’s not just that their skin is covered with this rash, but this is a weepy, itchy, horrific rash that they just can’t escape. And remarkably enough as we said despite the heavy burden of disease at baseline almost 40% of these patients achieved a clear or almost clear status. Really in this business do you have a privilege to be involved in a story like this that can make such a difference in patients’ life. We have been lucky here at Regeneron that we have done this a couple of times already but we think that Dupixent is really a once-in-a-lifetime story where you can really impact such an important disease, so dramatically having an average 70% improvement among all patients. And the thing that’s also so stunning to us about Dupilumab is that it looks like it might have the promise to do likewise in a host of related allergic diseases. Including the overall asthma population where they are again and in most uncontrolled severe population once again the results are very impressive from our first pivotal study and we think the same maybe the case in a host of other allergic setting. So the short answer to your question is, unfortunately there is a lot of patients who have more than 50% of their body surface covered. Those patients are certainly by any category considered severe patients. As Bob already told you, many of them have exhausted all other options and we just hope that all the other ancillary things don’t keep these important patients from getting access to this important life-changing drug.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, remember this is a Part B drug and there really not the same kind of environment we have a timing and a cycle with patients. For the most part there is some small amount of that that goes on. But for the most part the discounts and rebates that have been offered have been sort of directly backed to the physician’s office et cetera, et cetera. We continually revaluate that situation, we looking what are impacts, we are very sensitive to doctors being have to make a choice of what to give the patients, what they might think the best drug would be because of a rebate situation or something like that. We think most retinal physicians don’t do that, but we certainly understand that we will then as the markets shifts we are prepared to react if necessary.
