Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Right. Thanks, Geoff. So I probably don't want to get into Dupixent given the competitive aspect of that space, but we continue to look at all sorts of different ways to create value. We can assure you of that. In terms of EYLEA and the pre-filled syringe, we had two issues. Genentech was ahead of us with the pre-filled syringe, and now they're fully launched. But I think as you saw in Bob's report, our market share was steady, and so that has not really created a problem for us. Nevertheless, we're still moving forward with ours, and I think we expect to have a filing perhaps sometime in the first half of next year or so. It's a complicated business, the pre-filled syringe, because of the sterilization requirements when you're dealing with eye diseases that took Genentech, I don't know, quite a long time to get there, and we hope to be not too far behind them.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Okay, George may have some comments on it. But I think the most important thing that he pointed out to me in some of his remarks is that despite all the effort, despite everybody viewing this as an incredibly crowded space, there's only one anti-PD-1 or PDL-1 that's been approved in front-line/first-line lung cancer. And that is the biggest opportunity of all, which we are now busy enrolling a study in that indication in the greater than 50%. Beyond that, of course, combinations and George mentioned LAG-3 and bispecifics, and I think we have some pretty encouraging bispecific data coming up at the next meeting.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I'm going to let George talk about PANORAMA and why we have a reasonably high degree of confidence in that study in just a second. I just want to say, in terms of the market opportunity, the lowest hanging fruit obviously is the proliferative diabetic retinopathy because people recognize that as really vision threatening, and most people get some sort of the laser that's been going on for decades, as we mentioned. So it's hard to know exactly how many people are there, but that represents a pretty big opportunity. And with this CLARITY study that was published in The Lancet, where you not only saw better visual acuity outcome in the year, you saw less hemorrhages. You saw less macular edema, less of the complications that you're so worried about, which is why you want to treat proliferative diabetic retinopathy. But beyond that, even the treatment of severe diabetic retinopathy, which is non-proliferative, is really in its infancy. There isn't quite the same perceived urgency there. But I think if we can show that we can reverse that, I think that's going to maybe change people's view on whether or not people should get treated or should they wait, which is the current thing, wait for them to get the complications. Perhaps it is better to treat it early, and now George can comment a little bit about on the study itself and why...
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: And just the last point on that, Robyn, is that the competitive environment is less acute there obviously because the near-term competition hasn't begun any diabetic macular edema studies. And by the way, in our DME studies, we looked at the same endpoint for the patients with diabetic retinopathy in our PANORAMA study because our DME studies were in patients with diabetic retinopathy, but we were treating their DME. Their diabetic retinopathy improved just the way we hope and expect that it will improve in PANORAMA, which is what the FDA just asked us to do, is to do a study in patients without the DME component. And that's why we have some, I would say, reasonably high confidence in that study.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Let's just review what the facts are. If you look at our data, and you can't make these cross-study comparisons and take them overly seriously. But if you look at our data, we enrolled a very broad population, but the drug works better the higher your eosinophil count is. And if you look in our highest eosinophilic count, you saw, I would argue, some of the best data that's been presented with any of the biologics, including a robust very significant effect on exacerbations as well as the effect on lung function. But we also were able to enroll a very broad population in all three of our studies, so we would hope and argue that it doesn't really matter. If you're worried about treating the eosinophilic type, which has more exacerbations and may represent the more urgent need, we think our drug will offer a terrific opportunity, especially with the differentiating factors that we talked about around pulmonary function. And if you happen to have another allergic disease, and these things do run in packs and happened to also have severe atopic dermatitis or moderate to severe, you'd get two treatments for the cost of one. But of course, we also think about that across the broad spectrum. Ours is the first biologic to be studied across that consistently in all of our trials. So no matter how you look at our data, we like it. We and Sanofi are very pleased with the data.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I also think that you can't ignore mechanism here. There's been a lot of claims that people are getting to the fundamental mechanisms of allergic disease, and it's hard to say that you're at the fundamental mechanism of allergic disease if in one allergic disease it works and in another allergic disease it doesn't work. And it's hard to say you're getting into the fundamental basis of the allergic disease if you're only affecting part of the disease like exacerbations and not affecting lung function. It's hard to say you're getting at the fundamental part of the disease if in eosinophilic esophagitis you can lower your eosinophils but you can't improve the symptoms of the actual inflammation that's going on in the esophagus. So I think that a lot of this goes back to the choices that were made a long time ago in what is the right fundamental way to interfere with this Type 2 allergic inflammation.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I think that's a great question. Thanks for bringing it up. Obviously, we didn't have enough time to really go into everything. But this is a really exciting target for us for many reasons, one of which is a lot of the biology that our group did to understand it. But just as much is that this is a recent success for our Regeneron Genetics Center, these large-scale sequencing efforts that we've undertaken to try to see how genetic variation is associated with disease. And IL-33 is one of the exciting premier targets that has been in our minds identified and validated by the genetics, not only in this disease but in some other allergic diseases. So we've actually seen genetic evidence that if you have gain of function mutations in IL-33, it increases the chances of having some of these disease loss of function mutations are protective, and that gets us a lot of confidence. We've always been driven by genetics, but in this case, it's using the latest large-scale genetics approaches to actually identify and validate targets that gives us this confidence to move this forward so rapidly. And the thing that's very exciting to us is this is an area where we already feel we have made this advance and have this foundational treatment in dupilumab. And wouldn't it be great now if we could improve the benefit in some patients by combining it with the IL-33. And once again, we're considering doing this in multiple allergic conditions because the genetic support that this can be the case, not only in asthma, but in COPD and maybe atopic dermatitis and other settings as well.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: And just to add to that, again, I think this is the future. It's the future of medicine and it's the future of drug development. The genetics that we have that support our targets, for example, IL-33, not only are supporting that blocking IL-33 function or loss of function mutants in IL-33 can be protective, but they're also comforting us in terms of the safety profile going in. So genetics are really offering an opportunity to get insights before you ever do studies in humans into the future potential benefit, but also the safety profile, which is another reason why we're very excited about the IL-33.
George D. Yancopoulos: It's just worth noting, obviously, it's going to be a long-term growth opportunity over we think a long period of time. By adding additional opportunities to it and combining things, we think we have one of the strongest portfolio of combination opportunities that we've already started studying in the clinic, and more will follow. But even the very first indication should not be underestimated. If you look at the cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, there's enormous need there. And the actual – it is actually – the number of cases is huge, and it's been largely ignored because the vast, vast majority of them can be treated surgically. But because there's something on the order of 1 million or 2 million cases, and even though something like over greater than 95% are treated surgically, that still leaves an opportunity of unresectable or metastatic disease, which is on the order of magnitude of melanoma. And like I said, I think it was largely ignored by the community because of the perspective that though it was one of the, if not the most common cancers afflicting patients, the vast, vast majority are treated successfully with these Mohs type surgeries and so forth. So the important thing to recognize is, even that first opportunity, there's a lot of need there. There's a lot of patients who are failures or cannot be treated with surgery. And that opportunity is on the order of magnitude of melanoma, which as we know was a huge growth driver for the two original PD-1 agents.
George D. Yancopoulos: I think Len made all the important points, and let me just echo. The most important point is that where the need right now in diabetic retinopathy is perceived as the most urgent is in proliferative eye disease, there are roughly 0.5 million such patients in the United States. And 80% or 400,000 of them receive ablative laser therapy, the most serious of laser therapies. And now with the CLARITY data, one has a head-to-head comparison showing by every measure, from visual acuity to, just as importantly, halving the risk of developing vitreal hemorrhages, reducing by almost two-thirds the risk of developing macular edema, this is something that I think patients deserve to have access to and deserve to get in this setting, because without ablating their retinas, they can have better vision and better outcomes and avoid catastrophic events like vitreal hemorrhages. I think that the 2 million or so people who have diabetic retinopathy that's considered a little less urgent, I think that this could be an important advance for those patients as well, and already, all the existing data suggest that. But I think that there will be probably slower uptake. It will be a longer haul to change the practice of medicine there, where many of those patients are treated with a wait-and-see attitude because they haven't had a drug like EYLEA thus far. But I really do think in proliferative eye disease, 500,000 patients, those patients deserve to get a therapy that's been shown in a head-to-head study to be so substantially beneficial, not only in terms of visual acuity, but in terms of preventing catastrophic outcomes, which is why they're treated so urgently with ablative therapy.
George D. Yancopoulos: Maybe just to put it into a little bit of context, as Len said, we did three pivotal studies. And in the overall population, as Len said, it's hard to compare across studies, but I don't think anybody would argue that in the overall population, even in the worst of the three studies in terms of the numbers, they look quite comparable to the high eosinophilic groups for either approved biologics or for near-term biologics that are coming down there. And obviously, we also have even better data in the high eosinophilic patients. And as Len said, I think the most important differentiator also has to be, not only do we have comparable results to what others have in the high O's in the overall population, but we have these lung function results. And I think that this has been just, as we tried to communicate during our prepared remarks, this has been somewhere where the field has been going away from, only because biologics to date have not been doing such a good job. If you remember the way Xolair got approved, up until that point, lung function was the standard for approval. But because Xolair had no effect on lung function, they switched the focus to these exacerbations, which obviously are very important and so forth. But if you know anybody with asthma, you know that the thing that they suffer from and they worry about on a day-to-day basis is the shortness of breath that they can suffer from with a little bit of exercise or some other trigger that they might be suffering from. And I think it's really important to recognize that the results on lung function are really impressive, not only on the overall population, but even more impressive in the high eosinophilic population. So once again, I think if anybody honestly looks at the data and looks at the effects, not only in the overall population, not only on exacerbation, but also on lung function, you would think that this is the treatment that patients deserve to be given to benefit their condition, and not only in the high eosinophilic patients but the overall population.
George D. Yancopoulos: And I just want to add to that. Len brings up a really good point, which is that part of our clinical development plan is actually to do studies where we show that in the same patients, we will be able to benefit multiple allergic conditions. And that is I think something that, if you know people who are suffering from any one of these severe allergic conditions, whether it's atopic dermatitis, for example, or severe asthma, they generally are suffering from other allergic conditions as well. And wouldn't it be wonderful if there was a drug that was a central driver of all of allergic disease that could benefit essentially all of the allergic manifestations in a single patient. So that is part of our clinical development plan going forward, that we are going to be doing studies to actually be able to show that, hopefully. And we don't think there's any other current biologics out there that even have the opportunity to consider the possibility of doing those studies.
George D. Yancopoulos: Right. Josh, let's just close on one point that I think maybe we didn't even emphasize enough is that the other thing that's really important about dupilumab is we really do have an extensive clinical development profile from the safety point of view, and that's building every day in the commercial point of view. And going forward in this field, Dupixent has now set an extremely high bar I believe, not just on the efficacy side but on the safety side. In the rheumatoid arthritis field, people, because biologics came with a cost, are willing to accept that cost because they had great efficacy. We've got really what I think is terrific efficacy but also almost unprecedented safety that we've seen thus far in our clinical trials. We really haven't seen the kinds of immune dysfunction problems that you see when you block other angles of the immune system.
