Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Jim. What we know – there is no firm hypothesis at this point. We’re looking at everything. We do know that these patients, we believe they were switched from both Avastin or Lucentis. The doctors there are experienced, so we’re not sure what’s different. We do know that they’re using a different needle than the one that we supply. We don’t know if that’s the issue. Frankly, these clusters occur and sometimes you just never figure it out, but we’re continuing to do this. They were also in naïve patients and well.  I’d say this and remind you, that when you give 30,000 injections, you expect to get some rate of sterile intraocular inflammation as just a fact of intravitreal injections, and these things tend to occur in clusters. Sometimes people figure it out. You’ll see in our letter to the FDA that one person figured out it was—one group figured out it was a needle; another group could never figure out what it was. So we’re going to continue to try and figure this one out as well.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: My guess is that the majority are coming from switches, and we’ve heard lots of comments that people are switching even their more difficult patients; but we don’t have any formal data yet.Jason Kantor – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Thanks for your questions, Josh. I’ll turn that to Bob Terifay, our head of commercial to answer that, please.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Our guidance tries to take into account all of those factors, Josh; but as you can imagine, there’s so many unknowns, certainly there is some impediment to this launch because of the lack of a permanent J code and some of these reimbursement issues, co-pays and what have you. Nevertheless, the launch is going pretty well; but a lot of uncertainties in terms of dose, number of doses, how many people are going to be loaded, will doctors hopefully file the label or will they do a treatment extend or some other paradigm. We’ve tried our best to model all this, and that’s how we came up with the new guidance for you.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Yeah, that I can’t tell you; but I can tell you from the first six weeks to the last six weeks, so before the new year to after the new year, there was definitely a pick-up after the new year. And not surprising because a lot of docs—first of all, it was a brand-new launch, and second of all coverage tends to change for patients around the end of the year, and so a lot of doctors actually waited until after the new year so once they started treatment, they knew their coverage wouldn’t be changing out from underneath the patient. So we definitely saw an uptick, an increase in the rate from pre-new year to post-new year.Chris Raymond – Robert W. Baird: Thanks.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: I think also we should defer that question to Bayer. I’ll find out. I think that the goal would be that when you combine it with our other studies and you have a Phase III study there, that we would hope we could get approval.Steve Byrne – Bank of America: Thank you.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: So I’ll give you a broad—BRVO in terms of market size falls in between the size of the CRVO market and the AMD market. So it will add a fairly substantial additional market opportunity for EYLEA. As you mentioned, Lucentis is now approved in branch retinal vein occlusion, and physicians are responding very well to the use of anti-VEGFs in that setting.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: No, there’s no new signals at all, Geoff; and even this intraocular inflammation is something that if you look at the letter we sent off to the Agency, you can see we gave the history there that we’ve seen intraocular inflammation in our trials, and frankly it’s been well reported in the literature; and you talk to experienced retinal physicians, they all tell you they see it on occasion.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: No, I think you may be mixing up two things. The only letter that we know has been circulated is some general comments that a preclinical review had largely based on pre-clinical theoretical data of what happens if you lower cholesterol too much, and suggesting some preclinical experiments that we should use to address them; and if we didn’t, that that would be a labeling-type issue. As far as outcome studies, we have not received any communication and I don’t believe any other competitor has said publicly that we’re aware of that they’ve received a communication that an outcome study will be required prior to approval. As for our working assumption now based on our conversations, but obviously these things can change, our working assumption is that we would have a large Phase III safety and efficacy database, and at the time of our submission and obviously approval, we would be well underway for an outcome study, but that outcome study would not be required prior to approval. Of course, if the FDA sees something in the safety database that raises questions, then they could switch appropriately so to require an outcome study. But as of now, we don’t believe that’s going to be necessary prior to the initial approval.Phil Nadeau – Cowen & Company: Okay, great. Thanks for answering my question.
Robert Terifay: Yes, so as Len pointed out in the conference call, the Medicare carriers are all now reimbursing for EYLEA, and as you know, the vast majority of these patients are covered by Medicare. We also do have reports of commercial coverage. The real concern that offices have before they widely adopt the product is to ensure that not only is the 80% covered by Medicare reimbursed but also that the patient co-pay is covered, and we are seeing the co-pays work through although the insurers that cover co-pays don’t move as quickly to change their systems, so that is resulting in offices going slowly up front to make sure that they’re going to get reimbursed. That will be the situation over the next several months until all the coverage settles out.  As I say, the Medicare carriers are covering. We are seeing more and more commercial payors coming on board, and thus far the offices are beginning to see the payments come in, so actually things are where we would have expected at this point in a launch with a temporary J code.
Robert Terifay: So in terms of penetration into practices, what we do know is that approximately 38% of practices that buy Lucentis have bought EYLEA, so we have penetrated the offices pretty well and we do see a good distribution of our usage across practices.
Robert Terifay: Yes, in terms of any rejections, in the presence of a miscellaneous J code, there are two potential codes that can be processed on the paperwork for a given insurer, and sometimes if somebody marks down one of them, that particular insurer will not process the paperwork. So what we have seen is the claims have been sent back to offices and then we work through the appeals process, so it seems to be primarily paperwork-oriented. We have had no outright rejections of EYLEA at the current time.
Robert Terifay: As you pointed out, Jim, we are starting to see the major eye centers come on board with formulary approvals, but several institutions take several months; so I can’t quantify the percent of hospital formularies but I can tell you that some of the major centers have come on within the last few weeks. 
