Michael Aberman: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today is Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer, who is traveling outside the U.S. and is dialing in to the call; Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecast, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, which was filed with the SEC this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thank you, Len. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Our team will be available in our offices after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you. And operator, if you could please now give instructions and open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman: Okay. Thank you very much, everybody, for joining us on this call. As I mentioned earlier, myself and the team, Manisha, et cetera, will be available for follow-up questions. If you need them, just e-mail us and we'll schedule a time. Operator, that concludes the call.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, everyone. We are pleased by the progress that we have made in the first half of the year and are focused on delivering on our goals for the remainder of the year and beyond. We look forward to the ongoing launch of EYLEA in the DME indication. On the regulatory front, we will be working diligently towards submitted regulatory applications for alirocumab by the end of the year, both in the U.S. and in Europe, in collaboration with Sanofi. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Michael.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, it doesn't exactly sound like Yaron. But the answer to the question is that we really don't have any comments about that program. You really should be talking to Avalanche directly, as they're managing and running it and have all the data.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. We're not going to get into the -- it's a very competitive area, so we don't want to get into too many of the details of our program in this setting. I think it's better left for scientific meetings. Although we can say that, obviously, the people in our study are at high risk, and they will have been treated with a statin, an ongoing treatment with a statin.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Right. So let me briefly just say, on the first one, I think that, from a basic biochemical point of view, the antibodies that most people are developing are subtly different, but not major differences. And many of the differences and differentiations, I think, will come from the program design, the label, et cetera, et cetera. We think we conducted a pretty robust program. We had a long treatment study, which looked at safety and efficacy over a long period of time in a well-controlled manner, which is where some of the cardiovascular retrospective analysis came from. So I think we'll have to see. In terms of -- there is a precedent for the priority review voucher being used, and it was slightly different voucher. This was a tropical disease one, and I believe Novartis used it in one of their programs.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, I just want to add that the way these antibodies -- there's a lot of different antibodies out there, and they bind PCSK9 in different ways, in different sites, in different molecular attach points, et cetera, et cetera. So some of the nuances there are not immediately obvious, but there are significant differences between the antibodies and how they bind, et cetera.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Sure. Well, just a brief comment on the label. It's just too early to talk about the label. You can be sure we'll be submitting all the data that we have. In terms of what conclusion you can draw, I think both George and I have said that you can't draw any firm conclusions from a post-hoc analysis. We will be testing this analysis in a prospective way in the OUTCOME study when we actually look for outcomes. But of course, we will submit all the data that we have. And what's in the label, we will discuss once we get the label from the FDA. In terms of how we are going to commercialize this, what our strategy is, I doubt whether -- those are all great questions. It's as though you were sitting in some of our meetings over the last year or so. But we're trying to address them all, but this wouldn't be the right place to address them.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Once again, good questions, but just too early for us to talk about our commercialization strategy at this point. Thanks for the thoughts, though.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So thanks for the question. We appreciate your following us so persistently for such a long time. We'll let Bob answer your specific questions.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So just to be clear on that Medicare, that's about 40% is Medicare. Of that, and the majority of that is traditional Medicare. So it's 30% of the overall population, not 30% of Medicare.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So barring any sort of structural change, we would imagine things would sort of continue basically splitting out the way they are. Although we do know that the FDA is still reviewing their whole compounding enforcement strategy and they have not come out with a definitive statement yet on how they're going to handle biologics, so we're still waiting to see how that turns out. Although we know they have stepped up some of their enforcement activity in this area for sure.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, it's difficult to quantify that. But surely, there are some patients who are not satisfied with their results and that would be candidates for switching. And we've already sort of heard that from doctors that they've got patients who they plan to switch. And actually, some have already tried, and we've seen a few tweets about that out there in the retinal community. But in terms of quantifying that, I think we'll just have to get -- wait for the -- this quarter to play out so we can get a better idea.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, we haven't given too much guidance. You've identified one that we have talked about, so we'll have to see those data when they do come out. That's an interesting opportunity that a number of companies are sort looking at. Of course, we are going to be looking forward to our CD20 Bispecific getting in the clinic this year, our anti-PD1 and the IND filed before the end of the year. So those would be some up-and-coming new programs. And obviously, we do have a tremendous amount with our Phase II programs in dupilumab, getting data from asthma and getting data from nasal polyposis and finishing up the sarilumab Phase III, et cetera. So there is a lot going on, but we don't have any more to update you at this point other than what's in our filings today.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, we are not going to get into those details at all. The only thing we're going to tell you is that we have acquired the voucher. And we -- Sanofi and Regeneron plan to use it to obtain priority review, and we will follow all the rules and regs, et cetera, et cetera.
George D. Yancopoulos: I think a major comment should be made just about the differentiation in that our program is unique in terms of having the 2 dosage forms, and maybe Bob Terifay wants to comment more on that.
George D. Yancopoulos: We think that the field is still quite open. It's not really been established what the PDGF pathway can provide. And we hope that ultimately, our program will be able to definitively answer that question. But also, obviously, potential advantages of our program is that we will be providing, potentially, the combination opportunity in the same injection, which obviously would have, I think, great advantage to the patients and to the physicians. But we don't think -- certainly, the standard hasn't been set or even defined. It's not clear exactly what the PDGF advantage can be, and we hope that our program might be the first to definitively define what the benefit could be.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. We think, obviously, physicians and patients often have different needs and desires in terms of what they want to do. We believe the 150 dosage form will allow for those patients and the physicians who feel their patients need to have their cholesterol robustly lowered and rapidly, we have that dosage forms. And for those who want a more flexible approach and try a lower dose first and see if they can get to goal with the lower dosage form first and then only up-titrate if need be, we have that as well. And I think that a lot of physicians feel that, that flexibility, regardless of the drug or the indication, often has certain advantages, so we're offering that flexibility to the physicians and their patients.
