Justin Holko: Thank you, John. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone listening around the world. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and welcome to the second quarter 2019 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website.Joining me today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President, and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Senior Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A.I would also like to remind you that our remarks made on the call today include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecasts and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, intellectual property, and pending litigation and competition.Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30th, 2019, which has been filed with the SEC today.Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today’s call.Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions.With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Justin Holko: Thank you, Bob. That concludes our prepared remarks and we'd now like to open the call for Q& A. To ensure that we are able to address as many callers as possible, please limit your questions to one or two question. Please go ahead, John.
Justin Holko: That's two out of four prior CAR-T that George mentioned with complete responses was very encouraging.
Justin Holko: Great. Thank you, everyone, and thank you again for dialing in to the call today. The IR team will be around to answer questions later today.
Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Justin. Before we begin, I'd like to extend a warm welcome to Justin who joined us earlier this summer after completing a 19-year training program at Merck and has immediately hit the ground running here at Regeneron. We're thrilled to have him as part of the team and we worked hard to make his first quarter a straightforward one.Thanks to everyone for joining the call and turning to our business. We had a great quarter actually marked by top and bottom-line growth as well as important advances across our innovative R&D engine. Sales at Regeneron products including those recorded by our partners grew 32% compared to the second quarter of 2018.EYLEA global net sales grew 13% to $1.9 billion including U.S. EYLEA net sales growth of 17% to $1.16 billion. The diabetic retinopathy approval in May continues to build upon EYLEA's leadership position in treating retinal diseases including Wet, age-related macular degeneration, diabetic macular edema, and retinal vein occlusion. We are also pleased to announce that our antibody collaboration with Sanofi achieved profitability this quarter. We expect profits to continue to increase driven by growth in Dupixent as well as discipline cost management across the collaboration to stem losses from Praluent by better aligning investments with revenues.Dupixent is fulfilling its potential to improve the lives of patients by transforming the treatment of a variety of Type 3 allergic diseases. Global net sales are now annualizing at more than $2 billion. Patient initiation in the U.S. are growing and many ex-U.S. launches are just beginning.Building on this commercial momentum in June, we received the FDA approval for Dupixent in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis. In the EU Dupixent was approved in May for severe asthma in adults and adolescents and as we announced this morning was just approved for atopic dermatitis in the adolescent patients.We also announced today the strong positive results of our Phase 3 study in children aged 6 to 11 with severe atopic dermatitis. We are enthusiastic about the current and future prospects of Dupixent as a treatment directed at the underlying cost of allergic diseases. Additionally, we are making significant progress towards our goal of building a leading presence in immuno-oncology.The U.S. and EU approvals for Libtayo in advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma are just the beginning. Our clinical efforts, which now includes multiple different immuno-oncology programs are studying a wide variety of potential drug candidates in several difficult-to-treat cancers including non-small cell lung, cancer basal cell carcinoma, cervical cancer, ovarian cancer, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, multiple myeloma and prostate cancer.Beyond Oncology, we continue to novel programs forward throughout early and late-stage development. George will speak to a few of these programs and additional data readouts are expected later this year. We have made critical advances that have led both to top line and bottom line growth, but we recognize that these advances maybe overshadowed by the current policy debates on the affordability and accessibility of innovative medicines. We continue to work with policymakers to develop responsible solutions that address affordability and accessibility, while preserving incentives to develop transformative treatments of the future.Now, I'll turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Maybe George has more comments, but what I would say best thing is probably to wait for that data, but the way Sanofi and Regeneron and thinking about that in this part of the collaboration is that obviously if we can deliver anything close to what a bispecific can deliver then -- that a CAR-T can deliver, excuse me, then a bispecific being off-the-shelf and pharmaceutical like drug, pricing, consideration and things like that should obviously have a huge advantage in the marketplace.So, we would consider our competition more of things like the BiTEs and what have you. Obviously, we have already started out with long-lasting molecules with a well-designed; we make them straightforwardly through a proprietary approach. So, we think that we can compete and what you should be looking for is what kind of activity we can deliver. So, maybe we should just wait for that.
Leonard Schleifer: So before Marion tackles those question, I'll say, it is Justin's first call and maybe he's being nice to you. We said one question per. That was three. We'll let Marion give you pass on then trying to deal with each of the questions.
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks Marion. And just maybe add one thing to emphasize you said the combination indications, that's really resonating well for people for example who have both asthma and nasal polyps which is very commonly coexisting or asthma and atopic dermatitis, particularly in adolescence is a common coexistent. So, the ability to treat these comorbidities is a real advantage for our product and I think the allergists in particular who are the ones in sort of the center point seeing patients who have multiple comorbidities are really getting that.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. So, basically, the way our pivotal Phase II study is designed is with a number of arms actually each one dedicated precisely to exactly some of those subtypes that you're interested in.So, that yes, each one we would consider to have pending, of course, how active the data and the durability and so forth. Each one would have registrational possibilities and we also have a -- in the pivotal Phase II, we certainly will have the late-stage follicular lymphoma patients, the late-stage DLBCL patients, but also we have a program where we're focusing an arm specifically on CAR-T failures where we think obviously in such a high unmet need population where people have failed everything, if one sees the sort of activities that we're seeing in this very small numbers of patients so far being maintained and being durable that yes, that could also be a separate approval opportunity.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. Obviously, it is a difficult question to answer and we hope to give a good answer to it. Our view is more qualitative. If you look at the brand, we're seeing good growth and the good growth is not just occurring in the United States. Its occurring I think it was about 13% outside of the United States. For a brand that's this large and this late in the class that says that the demographics that we predicted would be having a positive impact. So, I do think there is plenty of room for growth. In terms of competition, obviously, as I think it was mentioned on the call at the end of the day vision and maintaining and improving vision is the goal of standard. It's what the FDA measures you by. I think it's what most patients care most about, and we are unsurpassed in that. Our long-term safety, I think we've given over 25 million injections. We are expecting action on our pre-filled syringe, which we worked hard at to come up PDUFA date's coming up pretty soon.So our enormous safety database is I think work in our favor. It is hard to do this, and if you're injecting 20 – as we said now up to 25 million injections into the eye, you have to be able to do that in a very reliable and safe way. If you look at some of the studies out there that have been focusing on let's say dryness is also if you look at them there is some data that's worth inspecting on the reactions in terms of inflammation. So, we also have to see how that sorts out plus we have the advantage of being able to give the dose monthly as well as every other month as well as all the indications. So I think we're well positioned from a near-term.In terms of your question about healthcare policy and overhang, obviously we watch that carefully. We're very involved in Washington. We know what's really important to us. We are sympathetic to the notion that some have that prices in United States are much higher and prices for the same drugs outside the United States, but we don't thing that the solution of tying prices in the United States for drug like EYLEA, where we don't control the price outside of the United States makes a lot of sense. That would be a huge negative to the biotechnology industry as a whole because so many biotechnology companies license away their rights for survival outside the United States, and they don't control the prices.So we were happy to see in the Grassley widen compromise that that was not in there. It almost got in there in an affirmative way that it couldn't happen that vote was 14-14. We watched that carefully. We're working at it and so we're hopeful that the policy debates that are taking place will not block innovation or rewards the good actors. We haven't had a price increase in EYLEA. So the notion of having an inflation rebate would not affect us. So maybe that's a qualitative summary of all the things that we worry about. We worry about competition obviously, we worry about the environment, we worry about the regulatory and patent exclusivity and so forth.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, as you said, the hope would be that there might be, to particular patients who might better respond to, for example, or would like the alternative in IL-33 as opposed to a Dupi in asthma. And, of course, we're also waiting for upcoming data from our atopic dermatitis program and also from our COPD program, to really understand how we're going to position this. But we do think that this could be an important alternative option for some patients with Asthma, just based on the current data and we're waiting for more data to see how it evolves.
Leonard Schleifer: Yeah. Obviously, this is a highly competitive space. And we don't want to get too detailed about what our strategies are. Obviously, we said we're trying to match our investments appropriately. We do have some strategies. At the end of the day, heart disease is still a major killer. The PCSK9 is still a terrific drug. So, maybe that's all we should say at this point.
Leonard Schleifer: About the lung cancer, I guess, early on there were a lot of the thoughts that the PD-1 space would be commoditized and that there would be so many PD-1s and it'd be sort of boilerplates just making other one. I think that, if one fairly looks at the data, these are not behaving the same and that's obvious for sure in the lung cancer space, where Keytruda is the unquestioned leader. And so we're very excited about the fact that, we think that our PD-1 might have very good activities already demonstrated as we've heard in certain settings. So we're excited to see, how it's going to perform in the lung cancer setting, and whether it will be one of the rare PD-1s that can really provide a lot of benefit to patients there.
George Yancopoulos: Right. Well, I think that we have seen antigen loss to both CD20 and also CD19 which has occurred. So far it doesn't seem to have in these very late-stage patients dramatically affected the response rates or the durability. So, we're seeing the rates that we responded -- we reported. So, doesn't seem it's at this point a major issue.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. And I think just to add that I think that obviously, we're hoping that it's going to confirm that our class of CD3 bispecifics are reproducibility sort of top-of-the-class in terms of producing the sort of efficacy that we've already seen with our CD20xCD3 bispecific. And so that's what we're hoping for.In addition to that we just want to point out that both with our own pipeline and obviously, with our partners' pipeline, there are myriad of combination opportunities. So, it's just sort of the beginning to show the activity with the BCMA bispecific. We can then add to it with the right set of combinations with components that both sides in the collaboration have to offer that we're very excited about, including for example our co-stims, which we have quite a few that could potentially collaborate clinically with the BCMAxCD3 bispecific.
George Yancopoulos: Yeah. So as I mentioned, we were very excited by the potential of Dupixent to apparently increase the tolerability of skit therapy. I may have misspoke, obviously it was 25 patients per arm, and I said 30 patients discontinuous – 30% of the patients discontinued on SCID which is I think is about normal. Obviously, if you do the math, that's about eight patients. That's the exact number. But in any case – so as we noted, the ability of desensitization therapy to work is real, but it takes time and it comes at the cost of tolerability and many patients not being able to get through the therapy because of the severe allergic reactions. So it is obviously very exciting to see Dupixent have such an apparent benefit, albeit in an early study in small numbers, on the tolerability of the SCID therapy.We have a number of other ongoing programs in studying allergy and I think we're going to be looking at all these together before we come up with our formal strategy of how to go forward in this, but we do think that this is a very exciting area that can make a lot of difference to a lot of people who are suffering from allergies. So we're pretty excited.
George Yancopoulos: Well, obviously, from our earlier studies, we've seen that about 50% of patients can do well with a more prolonged dosing schedule that is on a 12-week interval. And so we're imagining that if we go to higher dose of aflibercept we may be able to push a higher percentage of patients to either a 12-week or maybe even a 16-week regiment. So, we're running the studies to actually test these longer intervals and see whether the higher doses will actually do that. So, we'll see.
George Yancopoulos: Well, just to remind you, one of the major problems with leptin and metro leptin is it was developed was – it elicited unfortunately in quite significant percentage of patient's antibodies against the leptin. And a lot of these patients are patients who actually still have endogenous leptin activity. So when the antibodies come on board, the patients end up not only neutralizing the injected leptin, but they endogenous leptin they end up being worse off than they were beforehand and they're also left with nothing to actually being available to treat them, because you now can't give them leptin.So of course we are pursuing our leptin receptor activating antibody in that setting, but it would also provide a better alternative and would allow broader usage. There are other settings where one could have conceived using metro leptin except one who wouldn't have not wanted, to elicit this antibody response and have the potential to wipe out the endogenous leptin remaining activity. And so people were reticent to explore it more broadly in other setting. So on top of that, it is one of the first examples of our new activating antibody technology that allows us to, we hope, create efficient in vivo acting – activating antibodies for growth factor and cytokine and so forth. So for all those reasons, we're pretty excited about our leptin receptor program. But, of course, we'll be starting in the – in same sort of rare patients where leptin is mostly used right now.
Marion McCourt: Right, right. So what I wanted to share with you, obviously with the atopic dermatitis population in the U.S. for adults, we've said about 300,000 to 400,000 patients are at greatest need of therapy. And I just want to lend the context that at this point, what we're very pleased with uptake and the difference that DUPIXENT is making in the lives of patients we've probably only so far reached about high-teens about 18% of the adult patient population. We're excited about the adolescence launch and we're seeing nice uptake there early days, again, a lot more work to do.We haven't yet given a characterization in the size of the pediatric population, but certainly will on the future as we get further into the data readouts and preparedness for launch of that indication, which certainly I can confirm we'll be prepared to launch as soon as we have the FDA approval.
Marion McCourt: Sure. I'm happy to. So I'm going to start with EYLEA. And let me first comment that we believe that physicians should make this choice on which anti-VEGF therapy they want to select for their patients and certainly EYLEA is the standard of care for many prescribers. Further, I'll just say that, we really are not commenting on pricing strategy. I'm happy to go into some of the other items as well. I'll see if I can remember the questions.We haven't given for Dupixent, we haven't. It is early days for many of our indications, so haven't given breakout of business by indication, because it would be premature. But I think in your question, there were a couple of specifics in there that I can give you. You were asking for a characterization in asthma of the types of patients that are being prescribed Dupixent and we are getting the majority of our starts from bio naïve patients. About 80% of our business is patients who are coming onto a biologic therapy and then, of course, the remaining are switches.The characterization I'll give you is that, certainly for the physicians who are prescribing both allergists and pulmonologists now, allergists obviously had a lot of experience with Dupixent from atopic dermatitis, but we are hearing very positive comments. And it's the differentiation of the clinical profile, the safety, the results they're getting in terms of the patient's ability to breathe more easily, and to go about their lives in a normal way, that obviously coupled with the ability for patients to self or have at-home administration.So certainly, asthma was a major contributor to our performance in the quarter, but as was atopic dermatitis. We continue to see substantial growth and as I mentioned earlier, there's still so much unmet need, certainly with adults. And now we're very excited to also be helping those adolescent patients who are very much in need. So, I think I would round it all up by saying that it's the combination of medications; the expansion of our platform is DUPIXENT that is contributing to this strong second quarter performance.
Marion McCourt: There's one item. I might pick up a one thread in the question and this was just related to EYLEA and our indications, and obviously the growing indication which recently launching in diabetic retinopathy. To date, 60% of our sales are now coming from wet AMD. And with the expansion of our diabetes indications now over 30% of EYLEA sales are coming from the Diabetes indications, and of course recently including diabetic retinopathy and the balance for others.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So let me take a start and then if Bob has elements to add. So I think, first, let me talk a little bit about the second quarter. We certainly have a strong quarter. It was influenced by a few factors and let me cover those. Certainly, there's market expansion in consideration. We do see growth from our wet AMD and DME indications. We began launching in diabetic retinopathy. As mentioned, we added customer-facing personnel to focus on our Diabetes indications.There was a modest, what we had characterized as a modest impact from Avastin shortages in some geographies in the U.S. and then as well we were up against a somewhat weaker 2018 second quarter comparison. So I did want to give you some relative context there. I think in terms of, as we look forward, we do think that for EYLEA as a standard of care with a huge end market, it's important to look at growth rates as the average of several quarters to get a true sense of what the growth profile has looked like historically and may go into future. And then in terms of preparation for competitive launches, we feel very well positioned to continue to perform well in the market with EYLEA and certainly we're very excited about the breadth of indications and the profile that Len just covered related to EYLEA.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So, I believe your question, Alethia, is in reference to the comment on DUPIXENT in adult atopic dermatitis. And I do -- yes, just to give a context, but my comment is to make a point that while certainly many adults that had very, very difficult moderate-to-severe disease are now being treated, there is tremendous potential for us to do more with DUPIXENT to help appropriate adults in need of therapy.And to your characterization, I do think that DUPIXENT is gaining momentum in atopic dermatitis, certainly in other indications as well. And it's not unusual for physicians first to prescribe to those patients who are their toughest patients, the most severe patients. We're seeing pickup in breadth and depth of physician prescribing of DUPIXENT and we also are seeing more moderate, moderate-to-severe patients being treated. So, it's encouraging because DUPIXENT is helping these patients in a way that we hear time and time again is transformational to their lives and as well transformational to the lives of the physicians who are treating them.
Marion McCourt: So, I will give some comments related to commercial performance and with Libtayo, we certainly are making inroads to become the standard-of-care for CSCC patients as described in our label.Approximately 90% of new patient starts in CSCC within the anti-PD-1, PD-L1 class are now going to Libtayo. Further, we had excellent payer coverage that is already been achieved and further; we'll have a permanent J code in October 1st. So, certainly, we've made a strong start in the launch of CSCC for Libtayo.
