Manisha A. Narasimhan: Thank you, Jason. Good morning and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals first quarter 2018 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under events for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President and Chief Scientific Officer, Marion McCourt, Senior Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call today include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecast and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property, pending litigation and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which will be filed with the SEC later today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Manisha A. Narasimhan: Thank you, Bob. Operator, this concludes the prepared remarks portion of our call today. We would now like to open the call for Q&A.
Manisha A. Narasimhan: Operator, next question please. And also in the interest of time this will be our last question. But we will be available to answer questions following this call so please send me an e-mail and we'll set some time up for a follow-up call.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah. Yeah. This is George. Thanks for the question. I think that as we try to line up, it is really pretty sobering that despite all the excitement and advances with PD-1 and PDL-1s in right now the most important setting and indication where they seem to be active in terms of the number of patients which is first line lung cancer. As we all know the data from the PD-1s has been quite disappointing. And even with OPDIVO, if you actually look at the data, it by far fails to meet the bar of KEYTRUDA. So right now, unbelievably enough, there is only one, in our opinion, clear leader in the first line lung cancer space, and what we try to explain is that we've designed a series of studies which will test whether our molecule is in that class, is in the class of KEYTRUDA. We do believe, as you said, that we have a great technology that has succeeded in the past in delivering some of the first and best-in-class molecules, this VelocImmune technology. And on top of that, as we've already described, we have this very impressive and comforting data in the squamous cell carcinoma indication which has some of the best data ever described in solid tumor settings for a PD-1 agent. So these combined to give us a lot of hope that our first-line cancer studies are going to deliver on the order of KEYTRUDA -like data which would make us basically a real major competitor in this space. So we are very excited about the opportunity and we're very hopeful that the molecule in the studies will come through. In terms of your second question about fasinumab, as you already pointed out, there's a – this is a high-risk, high-reward program as we've described in the past. It's pretty well-demonstrated that the molecule has activity, but it also has certain side effects. It's not osteonecrosis, it's more defined as rapid progression of the osteoarthritis in some patients. And this is something that obviously has been seen with this class and with our molecule before. And so what the independent data monitoring committee did was they obviously took an analysis to look at the benefit and the risk that is the therapeutic benefit compared to their analysis of the risk coming from these rapidly progressive osteoarthritis events and they decided that we should terminate the upper two doses and continue with the two lower doses. And so we are planning to modify the studies consistent with their recommendations.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Right. And when we use the term monotherapy, which is sort of – we're almost bundling monotherapy and traditional therapies like chemotherapy because as we described, many of our studies are in combination with existing therapies, and as Len said, we also have these new combination approaches that we're excited about.
George Damis Yancopoulos: And we should just reinforce that once you try to look across other agents at what the persistent rates are over the course of the year, these numbers are really quite impressive and speak to the need and how satisfied patients are with the treatment.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Well, maybe George will take the first part and Len will take the second part. But – so this is George. Yeah. We're obviously very excited about this sort of dual opportunity of cemiplimab and of our bispecifics, both individually and in combination. But as you also just pointed out, with cemiplimab we have just with that a sort of dual approach of combining with a series of more traditional agents as I described, traditional chemo therapeutic agents, other checkpoint inhibitors including others and our own, as well as things, for example, that we're collaborating with other people such as certain types of vaccines and so forth. So that's one whole set of combination opportunities with cemiplimab. We have the bispecifics, which by themselves can be used individually or with existing therapies, but also combinations with the cemiplimab. And we, I think, have already announced that we have already started dosing patients with our first bispecific and PD-1 in combination and we hope that we'll be seeing data and be reporting on that as well. But the very exciting aspect of this for us is every one of our bispecifics can be evaluated individually but also we believe in combination with cemiplimab and other checkpoint inhibitors as well as with other agents and as well as with this new class of bispecifics that Len mentioned we will be disclosing over the course of the year.
George Damis Yancopoulos: And I think as Len mentioned, Intellia and Alnylam are very interesting examples, where we are, as Len said, leveraging our internal research capabilities with something that somebody else brings to the table, which we believe is very synergistic.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah, I wanted to expand on one thing that Len said. And, Phil, you referred to the fact that in some ways doctors are perhaps a little cautious about treating patients with diabetic retinopathy and they have views on that. I think one key aspect of the studies that we're undertaking right now, sort of like what we did with Praluent, is to define the patients who are at the highest risk of vision threatening complications. So you might imagine that everybody, patients and doctors, would be much more interested in using a very effective preventative therapy if they knew they had a very, very high risk of having a catastrophic event that could cost them their vision. So part of the aspect of our studies is not only to show that we're effective at preventing these events, but identifying the segment of the population that is at highest need for needing such a therapy because they're at such a high risk.
George Damis Yancopoulos: This is obviously a highly competitive space. There's another PCSK9 inhibitor out there, obviously. So we can't sort of peel back too much, but we are excited about the fact that there is a possibility to improve the access. Make it easy for patients to get the prescription that the doctor writes, that it will be approved and make it so the patients can afford it. We also, the third pillar of all that which I don't want to get lost, is we want to make sure that there's some – a profit left for the innovators on both sides, so that we don't wind up racing to a place where there's no profit. So it's a delicate compelling marketplace. That's about all we with can say out there but we're working hard to get access and affordability.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I just wanted to add, Ying, that I think George said it and I said it, but it's worth saying again is that the potential for combinations with our PD-1 based upon bispecifics that you're aware of as well as a new class of bispecifics that we'll talk to you about later this year in our proprietary models is pretty exciting for us. So it's not only the monotherapy, although clearly the monotherapy is a huge opportunity as evidenced by the $12 billion run rate, the majority of which is a single immune-oncology agent with or without chemotherapy in lung cancer.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Right. I'll let Marion answer that question. But I – we don't get as bogged down as you do in trying to predict the exact quarter sales. We're looking at the metrics as Marion said, is how is the launch going. And I'll let Marion reinforce her earlier comments.
Leonard S. Schleifer: And in terms of price, Terrence, obviously and if you're thinking about trying to model our opportunity both in CSCC and how we'll compete elsewhere, first of all, I might just say in CSCC you have to think about the fact that there's a reasonable sized patient population, although it's hard to know because there hasn't been an approved treatment for advanced disease, and also you should go back and look at our data. We can remind you later, that we have very long duration of therapy and many patients still on drug as of our last update. So that plays. In terms of the actual price, we like to price towards value. These are, I think, high value molecules to patients and we'll let you know what we come out with when we do.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Guidance. Okay. So let's take the easy ones. We have 6 approved drugs and 17 in the clinic. We have what I think of as one of the most prolific R&D engines in the industry. And we are not nearly as desperate as other companies are to fill up gaps in the pipeline, so it would be sort of senseless for us to compete in the market where people are dramatically over-paying and we have a tremendous pipeline of our own. But it doesn't mean we don't want to work with other companies. You're going to hear more opportunities for us to leverage the capabilities that we do with what other companies can do in some very exciting spaces we're working on. But in terms of just going out and buying a Phase 3 molecule that treats Parkinson's disease by some small molecule mechanism, that would just make no sense for us.
Leonard S. Schleifer: In terms of guidance, we try and give guidance where the knowledge is asymmetric. But we don't think, Geoff, to be frank, it's our job to try and guess things that we don't have any more information about than you guys have, and we also don't want to spend a lot of our internal team's intellectual horsepower trying to guess what a given number of patients will be. That's kind of why you guys are overpaid. You are supposed to make those guesses. So we don't have – Bob gives a lot of guidance on things that you don't have information about and there was a ton of it in there. But to give you product guidance and make guesses, I don't know. We don't want to get in that game, because that's not what really the game that the board is in or the company. In terms of price increases, this is not an environment where you can take price increases easily. We have felt that growing by price increases is not our strategy. We'd rather grow by fundamental increase in the penetration or diversity of patients that can be on our approved drugs or bring new drugs to market, taking small price increases consistent with inflation or medical inflation is perfectly reasonable. But we don't want to be participating in the undoing of the industry, where there's so much emanate (55:37) towards us, and there's so much potential for bad government action, egregious price increases are not a strategy we think are worth the points. In terms of capital allocation, I can assure you that the financial team and the board looks at this on a regular basis. We're well aware of all the data. We're data-driven. We know what you can do with dividends, with buybacks, with acquisitions, with bolt-on acquisitions, with internal discovery, with partner discovery, keep money in the bank. We've got them all, and we study them all, and I think we'll tell you about them as our strategy does or does not evolve. I think that covers your list, Geoff.
Leonard S. Schleifer: It's always hard to know. We had a good quarter with EYLEA despite the fact that there was some transient concern about intraocular inflammation, which based on our monitoring now, has returned to background levels, and we don't seem to have had any significant impact on the business there, which we're pleased with. The product grew year-over-year. I don't think we've really yet made the big push in diabetes, because we have a good approval for DME, and patients do kind of get to the doctor, although there are a lot that don't. But we're looking to get the broader indication for diabetic retinopathy, and then in constant with that have a much bigger push to get patients to the doctor hopefully to have their diabetic eye disease treated. We do see – so we haven't seen a big growth yet in diabetes, but we still see it. I should emphasize that while I said that AMD is well-penetrated, it's still growing by demographics. We're seeing an overall growth in the AMD market, because more and more people are living longer and so there are more and more people getting age-related macular degeneration. Okay.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, so in the diabetic retinopathy, the needle mover from the people we talk to will be not simply or only the important thing of improving the diabetic retinopathy, but to prevent the onset of vision threatening diabetic retinopathy, the vision threatening complications, the sight threatening. And we're going to be able to look at those data from a PANORAMA study later this year. But I do think that this is like any other market, I mean, if you go back, I remember our Chairman, Roy Vagelos, told me that when he launched the first statin, the cardiologists told him, well, there's no real need for a statin, we can control all that with diet and exercise and that was the prevailing view. So there is work that you have to do to change the practice of medicine based on data. It doesn't happen overnight. It takes really strong data, a really strong commercial effort. We're really excited how Marion has integrated so quickly into the organization and she's taken that on as something that's really important to us. So we're looking forward, over the years to come, to have success in that area. There was a recent approval by the FDA by a small company of a untethered device. That is a device that could diagnose diabetic retinopathy and whether or not you should urgently see a retinal specialist merely by – that could sit in a drug store, it could sit in your general practice office, it could sit in your ophthalmologist, it could sit with the optometrist. And it's been approved, it doesn't need a doctor to administer. You just take a non-dilated picture of the retina. And so – and they've found sort of striking data, which the FDA approved the drug on. And I think more to come about how underdiagnosed this condition is when you have a powerful and broad screening. And there were a lot of other efforts just to do the exact same thing in terms of machine learning or, as you call it, artificial intelligence. So we think that when you have a treatment and we have the broad label then you can start to push at the front end of the people who could really benefit and I think there's a lot of them. In terms of the RTH data, didn't see very much new there. What I heard about was that I think it was in the mid-80s percentile of those people who went on to the 12-week data, could stay on the 12-week data. But at the end of the day, you can slice this data up any which way you want. You're still getting about 50-odd-percent of people who can go to every 12-weeks. And based on – and they haven't identified people because if you look carefully, the people who don't succeed at 12-weeks are the ones that lost, I think, a significant amount of vision was one of the criteria. So I think we have to see how all that plays out, what the label really looks like, and certainly, we wish them luck because we do – because I know they're listening to what I say, so good luck to them. But I also would say that if something comes along that can help patients, that's okay with us. EYLEA is a high bar and people should be chasing that, we hope, for years to come. George wanted to add one thing.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Well, let me ask the question for Geoff. That was a great quarter, Len. Thanks very much for all that and it's fairly self-explanatory. All right. I think that wraps its up.
