Mark Hudson: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone listening around the globe. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2021 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Len Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Co-Founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Executive Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call for Q&A. I'd also like to remind you that remarks today may on today's call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecasts and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestone, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, intellectual property, pending litigation and other proceedings and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021, which we are planning to file with the SEC early next week. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Mark Hudson: Thanks, Bob. Michelle, that concludes our prepared remarks. We now like to open up the call for Q&A.  Please go ahead, Michelle.
Mark Hudson: Thanks, everyone. That concludes today's conference call, and thanks for your interest in Regeneron. The IR team and Bob Landry is here to take any questions that you may have. Everyone, have a nice day.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Yes. These are both being evaluated in late-stage patients who have essentially failed all existing therapies. And obviously, the excitement would be if one saw evidence of convincing objective responses that were durable in these settings, then those would certainly inform how would we move forward on these. And we've already announced that we've been observing encouraging early signs of efficacy, and we will be elaborating on these and giving the details in these future presentations.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Yes. There's not much to add. I mean, we're continuing to discuss with regulators what the program is and what are the abilities as was done with vaccines to expedite the development programs compared to what was necessary for the first-generation agents developed using the same platform. So we will update that as we learn more.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: As I mentioned in my script, so obviously, we have one of the largest collections of antibodies to choose from. And what we do as a variant emerges is we select new candidate antibodies that will work against the new variant, but will also retain their activity against the previous variants of concern. And that's exactly the candidates that we're advancing right now. They work against Omicron, but they work against Delta. They work against all the other variants before. .
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Well, yes. Obviously, we take all these things into consideration. And so when a new variant that looks like it could be coming along that might be important, we certainly have made sure that the candidates that we're advancing now are going to be active against all of those as well.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Okay. So you're asking about the brain and CNS and the APP program, but you're always asking about C5. Okay. So yes, with the brain, obviously, as we all know, there have been disappointing results with antibodies that have been delivered to try to decrease APP levels. They work in a fundamentally different way. One of the problems that they cause, they cause the famous inflammatory syndrome that may complicate activity. So obviously, the hope of siRNA programs is they work by a completely different mechanism. They will actually decrease the production of APP and allowed to be cleared by normal mechanisms as opposed to letting it be made continuously at the normal rate and then trying to remove it by artificial mechanisms that they themselves may be toxic, i.e., the antibody efforts. So that's why they may be fundamentally different. Importantly, we're exploring this not only in Alzheimer's disease, as we all know. It's not as if the early results in Alzheimer's disease are going to really address the important endpoints, that is cognition and efficacy in slowing down cognitive decline and so forth. They're going to be looking at levels of biomarkers and so forth. That's why we're also excited that we are developing the same exact agent, in some ways, a much more rapidly progressing, though albeit much rare disease known as cerebral amyloid angiopathy, or CAA, because there, the ability to both look at the biomarkers, but also, more importantly, look at important efficacy parameters is going to allow us to proceed much faster and much smaller numbers of patients. And therein, we may be, over the next couple of years, able to establish both definitive efficacy, but maybe even get authorization approved in those indications, and that will certainly be quite in advance for the entire field of these types of diseases, and particularly for the first siRNA that's going into these diseases. So we are very excited about these programs, and we have a very large pipeline of other CNS diseases and targets that we are going forward in addressing with Alnylam. So it's a very important part of our collaborative efforts with them, which also include a large number of targets in terms of genetic targets, genetically validated targets,and diseases in the eye, let alone outside of the eye such as, for example, in the liver, and that brings us to the C5 that you asked about. So as we all know, people are taking single types of approaches to target C5. Some people might have an antibody. There's now some other types of approaches and so forth. What we realized is that if we could combine an siRNA with an antibody, we might have really not only combine the unique advantages of both, but incredible synergies. And what do we mean? Antibodies have the highest effectiveness because, essentially, they can bring down activity levels almost to zero. But because of the high target load, you have to give these antibodies, and these are all the existing approved antibodies and those that are under investigation by other sponsors, you have to give them a relatively large amount of them and relatively frequently. So antibodies are great. But by themselves, you need to give a lot of antibodies to deal with a high target load. siRNAs are great at reducing the target load, but they don't get you to really almost zero activity, and that creates problems. We already know that. By putting the two together, you now get the best of both. You reduce the target load, and you allow now a much smaller amount of antibody to control activity hopefully completely. So there really is tremendous synergy with this. This is the first of its kind that is combining siRNA with antibodies. We think there's very exciting potential for this to deliver best-in-class, both efficacy but also convenience and dosing regimen. We're going for convenient subcutaneous self-administration once a month, which would really, I think, be game changing for the field and for these patients. But we're also moving these programs also to other related indications as well. So we're very excited about this combination approach for C5 and for these types of indications. But once again, just like what we're doing in CNS, just like what we're doing with eye, these are really franchise and portfolio opportunities. I mean, you can just imagine, if combining -- and there are so many other settings where this could be very useful, combining the benefits of siRNA and antibodies and bringing them together could really begin changing not only in this area, but in many, many other areas. And who better to do this than bringing together the leading siRNA company and the leading antibody and biologics company, Alnylam and Regeneron. So we are very excited about the individual programs with some of these siRNA, but also these incredible combination opportunities, bringing these two incredible technologies together, taking the advantages of both.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Yes. That's a great question. And as we all know, this pathway was explored many years ago now and led to, unfortunately, very dramatic safety concerns to patients, and that sort of killed the field. And so because of those concerns and that we were reexploring utilization of this very, very powerful co-stimulatory pathway to add to -- in combination with other immunotherapies, the FDA appropriately asked us to move very, very slowly. So the first endpoint of most concern was the safety endpoint, of course, first do no harm. And I think that what we've announced is that in our ongoing dose escalation study, it's only been recently that we have achieved what we think are therapeutic dose potential levels. And now -- and we have -- I think the thing that we have said publicly is we successfully crossed in terms of getting to these dose levels, this very concerning and potentially game stopping safety hurdles. And so now that we're at the potentially therapeutic dose levels, we are now hoping to focus on efficacy. And remember, in several of these programs, for example, our prostate program, we're going in a setting where, at least if properly identified, there are essentially no or very rare responses to PD-1 in these types of very carefully characterized prostate patients. I mean, there has been very little hope, except for rare subsets of characterized patients that have mutations and so forth, for the PD-1 immunotherapy class. So if we can show essentially almost any responses in these types of very recalcitrant and hard-to-treat patients with PD-1 alone in our combinations with our co-stim for prostate cancer, I think there's real reason to believe that our scientists have successfully figured out a completely novel way of taking advantage of this long known, very exciting and powerful, but dangerous pathway that we may have figured out a way to take advantage of it and done it in a safe manner. So this is what we're hoping to see this year that now that we are at these levels, we've gotten there without activating these huge safety concerns that were previously seeing. Essentially seeing any objective responses in this setting would really be potentially game changing. And so we're looking forward to being able to tell you about this possibility later this year.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: But maybe just a couple of obvious points that's not stealing anybody's thunder. But obviously, the initial results were incredibly exciting and revolutionary. Obviously, the first systemic case CRISPR therapy, I mean, all this excitement for almost 20 years, Nobel prizes and all this, I mean, it is incredible that, together with our Intellia colleagues, I mean, this represents the first-ever systemic use of CRISPR to actually modify human genetic gene. But obviously, one of the most important things that one will see is the whole promise of this approach is duration, that is you are modifying the gene. And hopefully, you will never have to treat that patient again, okay? And that's part of the dream and the hope with these genetic cures. And so this is, of course, one important thing that we hope that we'll be seeing from the follow-up data, the duration, which is what is really game changing. You can permanently cure these patients. That's the theory here by permanently changing their genes. And so the longer you follow them up, the more you can validate the duration with, of course, the appropriate safety and continue to keep the dream alive that this whole new approach could really be game-changing for important and appropriate clinical indications.
Dr. Len Schleifer: Yes. I'll let Marion get into the details. But we don't see faricimab as a transformative therapy of any kind, notwithstanding any label. It's very hard to see when you look at it dispassionately any scientific evidence for the contribution of Ang2 blockade. People forget, nobody has a greater interest and would love to see Ang2 blockade being a value given that George and his colleagues were the ones who discovered and cloned Ang2, the first in the world on that. But there's really no evidence that we can see where you've separated that out. So what we're seeing here is a higher dose of faricimab relative to Lucentis and possibly on a moral basis relative to EYLEA. We remind everybody that there are a lot of lessons learned here. One of the biggest lessons is efficacy is super important, but well beyond that is safety. And nothing right now contract the, I don't know, almost 50 million injections that have been given worldwide with EYLEA. So we feel pretty good. The competition is always good. Obviously, competition is going to eat into a product. We suspect that faricimab may take a lot of the -- of its share initially from Lucentis, but we'll see. Marion might want to elaborate.
Dr. Len Schleifer: Yes. George can comment on what he thinks is necessary, but I just want to be clear. I don't think there's any delay, whether we come in just at the end of this quarter or early in the next quarter or thereabouts. It's tough to exactly estimate when we'll start. But we're scaling up, and we're rolling forward. George can comment on some of the global and U.S. regulatory considerations and guidances that we know about thus far.
Dr. Len Schleifer: George, there's some confusion, just so you could clarify it. Our next-generation antibody work on just -- Omicron on is a work on all of them. Yes, George, go ahead.
Dr. Len Schleifer: Can I just add one thing, Ronny, on that? It's just that it seems like it's been every single year for the last decade there has been a threat to EYLEA that a variety of number of people have predicted would be the next thing to displace EYLEA. And along the way, the barriers have changed. And the most important barrier that I think now exists is safety, and that safety, even for a biosimilar, the same product safety for a new product with purported differences, people have learned that the eye is a very sensitive place. And having given scores of millions of injections of EYLEA, there's a great deal of confidence out there. I think it's going to take a matter of time beyond J codes and meeting with practices before that level of confidence is significantly displaced.
Dr. Len Schleifer: So well, as you already referred to it, I mean, this is an advance in the CAR-T space because, obviously, so far, the approved approach and upcoming approaches are all dependent on giving customized individualized autologous CAR-T cells. And the results coming from this relatively novel gamma delta approach is the first gamma delta data in the world show that you could give allogeneic cells and get very remarkable -- in very small numbers, a very remarkable response rate. And so this would take the customization autologous approach and take it to the autologous to the non-autologous allogeneic way, which will really could potentially revolutionize the treatment paradigm here. And so we've been long-term collaborators with Adicet, and we're pretty excited about this allogeneic approach. And so we're investing in it.
Dr. Len Schleifer: Yes. We don't want to get too far in front of our partner. George's remarks already indicated the kind of things we'll see, but we should leave it up to Intellia to comment beyond what George said about looking at the dose escalation and including the safety and knockdown of the TTR. But Intellia should have the benefit of making some comments.
Marion McCourt: Yes. Thank you, Len. Certainly, to give some very early market feedback, the comment that we're getting from key opinion leaders is that they don't see first met via product that potentially is a game changer and that the dosing is complex. And there are remaining questions on the clinical trial design and, of course, as Len mentioned, safety. More importantly, I'll go back over to EYLEA, where we certainly are establishing the product as standard of care and more across indications with great flexibility of dosing, indications, experience, real-world evidence, prefilled syringe and busy times. So we look forward to strong performance going forward on EYLEA, and we're very optimistic about what could be a next-generation product with our own aflibercept 8-milligram high-dose product if the Phase III data works out.
Marion McCourt: Sure. Ronny, happy to take it, and I'm going to take the end of your question first. And I first would say that a competitor or a new entrant to the market's ability to compete is really going to be based on the differentiation of their product profile, the quality of their studies and the confidence and enthusiasm that the key opinion leaders have on the product as it comes in. So I do think differentiation matters quite a lot. In the case of EYLEA, certainly, our growth in the past year has been quite pronounced. We've captured not only the market growth, but we've also captured competitive share gain more than any other products, so that our market share today for EYLEA is approaching 50% of the overall category and 75% of the branded category. And we picked up several share points in the last year in this very large category. Let me go back now to new entrants. You're asking about timing of J codes, and that is important. Quality of product, as I mentioned, reflects confidence in how well it performs, but it is a six-month period before a new product receives a permanent J code. So in that window of time, especially in a product which is buy and bill, there's always the concern on reimbursement. There's not experience, not with the product, but there's also not experience with applying for reimbursement under the J-code. That period of time is six months. And to my earlier comment, product confidence will vary based on profile. I hope I've covered, Ronny, most of what you had in that. The only thing I think I probably missed is anti-VEGF category growth going forward. That is a little bit complicated because we're comparing to recovery in the market opposite the COVID period to some extent. However, there is growth of the category because of patient demographics and because of education. I'll give you an example of patients who are diagnosed with DME, only about 47%, 48% of those patients are treated. And those are -- and of those that are diagnosed, there's only -- if you took all DME patients that exist, only about 25% of those patients are treated. So there still is tremendous unmet need in the marketplace, and we certainly will work hard through educational initiatives to make sure that we perform very well as we have been on an ongoing basis on all of our indications. I hope that helps, Ronny.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So at a high level, I'll share just and talk about our own business is, certainly, we have strong market understanding and work closely with all of our customers across the market segments. When it comes to how another company might be looking at their pricing or strategy, it's probably best I let them comment. But I appreciate the interest in the category and the question.
