George D. Yancopoulos: Thank you, Len, and a very good morning to everyone who has joined us today. As Len said, the R&D team at Regeneron has continued to be very productive. We reported the positive Phase III results for EYLEA from the VISTA and VIVID trials in diabetic macular edema. And as we announced today, we recently submitted the supplemental BLA to the FDA for the DME indication. This submission is approximately one year ahead of our original plans. Outside the United States, our partner, Bayer HealthCare, also expects to submit their application for regulatory approval in DME by year end. We also reported positive Phase III data with EYLEA from the VIBRANT trial in macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion or BRVO. The VIBRANT trial is the eighth positive Phase III study of EYLEA and was the first study to compare EYLEA against an active laser comparator in this indication. We intend to submit an application for regulatory approval in the BRVO indication in the coming months. If approved in both the DME and BRVO indications, EYLEA will have received regulatory approval in 4 different indications in the United States. Our late-stage pipeline beyond EYLEA has continued to advance. Last month, we reported positive top line data from ODYSSEY MONO, the first Phase III trial of alirocumab, our investigational PCSK9 antibody for lowering LDL or the bad cholesterol. We are developing alirocumab in collaboration with Sanofi. Not only was this the first Phase III study to read out from our overall 23,000-patient ODYSSEY program which consists of 12 trials, but it was also the first Phase III study from this entire class of investigational PCSK9 antibodies to report data. It is very gratifying to us that just as we were the first company to report the first human data for this potentially important new class of antibodies, we were also the first to report Phase III data from this entire class. All the trials in the ODYSSEY program, with the exception of ODYSSEY outcomes and the recently announced ODYSSEY CHOICE 1, are fully enrolled, and we expect to report data from these trials in 2014. As we have said before, together with Sanofi, we are planning the initial launch towards the end of 2015, with a global rollout in 2016 subject to regulatory and pricing approvals. With regards to sarilumab, our IL-6 receptor antibody being developed with Sanofi for rheumatoid arthritis or RA, we now expect to report top line data from the MOBILITY B Phase III trial by year end. In addition to MOBILITY, sarilumab is being studied in 4 other Phase III studies in RA. Apart from RA, we're also exploring the use of sarilumab in non-infectious uveitis and have recently announced a Phase II study of sarilumab, the SATURN study, in this indication. Turning to dupilumab, our IL-4 receptor inhibitor. In October, we presented positive Phase II data in atopic dermatitis at a major medical conference. These data followed the positive Phase II data that we reported in asthma earlier this year. We are collaborating with Sanofi on developing dupilumab, which is now in Phase II clinical trials and 3 indications: Asthma, atopic dermatitis and nasal polyposis. We continue to be excited by this program and look forward to data from these studies in the future. We have a robust antibody pipeline in earlier stages of development. In total, we are now developing 13 fully-human monoclonal antibodies, 7 of which are in collaboration with Sanofi. This quarter, we independently advanced a new antibody combination into the clinic. With that overview, let me now turn the call over to Bob Terifay who will provide further details on the EYLEA commercial landscape in the third quarter.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. We've had extensive discussions with the FDA. And as we noted, it's our understanding that assuming that the data is robust and that safety data is hopefully quite clear cut that all we'll need to do is to be substantially involved in executing our outcome study to be considered for approval. So we will not need to have an outcome study result at that time.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. Well, we are certainly hopeful that PDGF co-therapy will provide an incremental advance for patients. And on top of, of course, the anti-VEGF foundation therapy, and we think, of course, that it's going to be quite a while before we collectively as a community really understand whether it will be providing that sort of advance, that we know better than anyone a few letters difference, even in the 150-patient study, is a little hard to interpret and that you need a lot more data. But in our case, we're moving ahead. We're on schedule with the previous guidance we've given in terms of filing our IND and so forth. And we certainly think that if this co-therapy proves to have value, it'll be tremendously beneficial to the patients to have the opportunity to have a single injection coformulated product which we're hoping to be able to provide if the co-therapy is advantageous.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. Well, we certainly think that the IL-6 space continues to be a very exciting opportunity. I think a lot of people believe that this target could provide a big opportunity for providing more benefit to patients. In our case, of course, we think that we'll have a convenient subcutaneous regimen that has the opportunity to be very competitive with the Actemra and the data that Actemra is producing subcutaneously. So we think that there's going to be room in this space for multiple agents, agents that will have slightly different profiles. And we're pretty optimistic that we're going to be second in class here for this very large opportunity offering, perhaps certain differentiation and advantages compared to Actemra.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, I think it's worth adding that we do think that our program is as robust and deep and targets as many interesting patient subclasses and does it as robustly as any other program that's being undertaken at this point in time.
Robert J. Terifay: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. In the United States, as Len mentioned earlier, EYLEA net sales to distributors in the third quarter were $363 million. Year-to-date, net EYLEA sales were slightly over $1 billion. We continue to see strong physician usage of EYLEA, and we've raised our full year net sales forecast between $1.35 billion and $1.375 billion. Sales growth was anticipated to be somewhat tempered during the Thanksgiving and end of year holidays when patients are likely to postpone visits to their doctors. Inventory held by distributors remains at the 1- to 2-week range. Although at the end of the third quarter, there was a slight increase in inventory days relative to the second quarter. To help provide more detail on the market dynamics, we will be sharing with you data from our market research survey that we conducted in the third quarter. As before, these data come from physician-based questionnaires, in this case, from 167 representative physicians. I will share with you the numbers as they were reported in the survey, which was conducted in the third quarter. But I'd like to remind you that these numbers are physician-reported estimates based on our survey. Let me begin with the wet AMD indication. In the third quarter, physicians recorded that EYLEA had a 26% market share on wet AMD, with ranibizumab having a 25% share and off-label bevacizumab having a 48% share. Approximately half of the patients treated with EYLEA were patients continuing from prior quarters, 1/4 for patients switching from other anti-VEGF therapies and 1/4 for patients new to therapy. Physicians report that wet AMD patients on EYLEA received treatment with a longer dosing interval compared to ranibizumab and bevacizumab. EYLEA patients received an intravitreal injection on average approximately every 8 weeks compared to patients receiving ranibizumab who were treated with a dosing interval of approximately 6 weeks and patients on bevacizumab who were treated with a dosing interval every 6 weeks. Turning now to the second indication where EYLEA is approved in the United States. Macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion data from our market research survey suggests that during the third quarter, EYLEA achieved a 40% share of the approved anti-VEGF products in this indication. Highlighting that we are gaining momentum in this indication, 32% of our business in this indication came from new patients. Turning now to our x U.S. EYLEA business where we split profits with Bayer HealthCare. Third quarter EYLEA net sales were $125 million. Bayer HealthCare reported that the majority of these sales continue to come from Japan and Australia. As reported by Bayer, EYLEA market share is 48% in Japan and 43% in Australia. At the end of the third -- as of the end of the third quarter, EYLEA has received regulatory approval for the treatment of wet AMD in over 50 countries. EYLEA has also been recommended for approval in the EU in the macular edema following CRVO indication. For the remainder of the year, we expect Bayer HealthCare to embark on additional launches in both of these indications, following regulatory and pricing approvals. Just this week, in fact, EYLEA received pricing approval for wet AMD in France. As Len and George mentioned earlier, we've submitted a supplemental BLA for EYLEA in the diabetic macular edema indication. We reported positive Phase III data from 2 trials earlier this year. We believe the DME market opportunity to be quite significant. There are 570,000 patients in the United States presenting with clinically significant diabetic macular edema each year. Currently, it is estimated that 228,000 patients are treated with anti-VEGF therapy. Our market survey indicates the physicians intend to grow their use of anti-VEGF therapy in DME by 30% over the next year. We've recently also reported positive data for EYLEA from the Phase III VIBRANT trial in macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion or BRVO. It is estimated that approximately 78,000 patients are treated with anti-VEGF therapy for macular edema following BRVO in the United States each year. Turning to ZALTRAP or ziv-aflibercept, Sanofi reported sales of $18 million for the third quarter. We expect continued x U.S. launches over the course of this year. With that, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Landry.
Robert J. Terifay: No, I think that any discussion of rebates or sampling is competitive situation we won't disclose. I will remind you that in DME, we have every 8-week dosing in our study which is differentiating from the competition which has monthly dosing in their labeling. And that should help offset any cost concerns on an annual basis.
Robert J. Terifay: So we have seen a stabilization in Avastin share. Remember, we started when we launched with Avastin having a 65% share of the wet AMD market, that's down to 48%, but it is starting to stabilize as some physicians with the sequester payments have chosen to use Avastin. We still think there is room to grow in wet AMD. There are patients on a continuous basis who have to be switched from their existing therapy, and we believe there's opportunity there. And we will continue to fight it out in the marketplace with the branded molecule as well. We're also quite encouraged by the growth potential in Europe where the pricing approvals are just coming.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. We don't have any guidance for you this point on the earlier-stage stuff. We do expect on the PCSK9 lots of data next year. As you know, all of our studies, except the outcomes in the Q4 week are fully enrolled, which means we will be having lots of data and lots of it probably in the first half of next year. It's going to be a busy time for the space. We expect our competition to have lots of data, and I think everybody will be focusing on that. We do expect the additional data before the end of this year on our mid-stage -- first-stage [indiscernible] program with sarilumab. I'm not sure we're expecting any Phase II data this year with the dupilumab at this point. And that's about the status of the data flow. Lots going on, but we'll try and update you from time to time on how some of the early programs are doing, Jason. And we appreciate you paying attention to it.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Bob, and thank you, everyone else. I'd like to close the prepared remarks by highlighting a few things. Our business continues to perform well. We believe that EYLEA has room to grow, both through approval and additional indications, such as DME, BRVO, as well as the continued geographic expansion that is still in the early stages. Over the mid to longer term, we expect our broad pipeline of antibodies, such as alirocumab, sarilumab and dupilumab, to drive continued growth. As Bob Landry mentioned, with the success in our pipeline, including the positive Phase III data with alirocumab, but also our own growing pipeline of wholly-owned antibodies, such as PDGF in ophthalmology, we expect our unreimbursed R&D expenses to increase in the fourth quarter of this year, as well as in 2014. We feel confident in our approach and our broad pipeline that gives us multiple shots on goal. We look forward to discussing new molecules and technologies that are currently in earlier development and that we hope will advance soon. I would like to now turn the call back over to Michael Aberman for questions and answers.
Leonard S. Schleifer: All right. So the second question, we don't track our off-label uses, we don't reward on it. And so we really don't have any information for you on that. In terms of the inventory, we're not going to get into the -- how many minutes, hours, days or what-have-you of extra inventory we have, but it was just a slight increase on a relative magnitude. I think was on the order of slightly less than the increase was in the previous quarter.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Well, I think the point is, is that physicians in this area are used to and like options for treating their patients. We have a very robust program which examines both fixed dosing in very large numbers of patients, as well as up-titration strategies. And I think, together, the collection of all of these studies are going to offer physicians and patients a large number of choices to satisfy what the individual patient's needs and what the individual doctors think that, that patient's needs are. So we'll have the ability if that patient needs it to drive the LDL down as quickly and as far as possible. In other settings where -- and that may not be needed, they could have a choice of a lower dose. And in even our program, we can allow for monthly dosing and so forth. So it's all about options and flexibility for the patients.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. Some of those details are obviously part of our competitive strategy that we really don't want to get into. We will say that based on what we've heard presented at medical meetings and the advisory panel, the reason for the lower dose of Lucentis in DME had to do primarily with this question of this dose-dependent safety question around deaths at a higher dose. We don't have a dose-dependent increase in that, and we studied the same doses we had in AMD. So we'll have to see whether or not that provides an advantage to patients or not. We don't have a head-to-head study, so we can't make a comparison about that. As far as the rebate program and things like that, we're not going to get into. I don't know, Bob, if you want to add anything about sampling or anything else you want to...
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. I mean, you can imagine that we monitor that pretty carefully. And obviously, we believe that a single quality standard for all drug products, whether they're manufactured by companies such as Regeneron, or whether they are repackaged by a compounding pharmacy, patients and the physicians shouldn't have to worry that the drug is not meeting a single high-quality standard. We think that the current draft bill makes important headway in ensuring a more robust regulatory enforcement regime in the area of compounding and repackaging. And it clears the way possible legal impediments, the most important thing from our perspective. It clears away any blockage of the FDA's ability to enforce the law. And the requirement -- we believe that, that may require people to live up to FDA-mandated GMP-type standards when they repackage a drug. It sounds simple, but that process is rather complicated, and it's associated -- also, it's a risk and it needs to be properly regulated. That's our position. We think the current compounding bill will allow the FDA to do that. But of course, the bill hasn't been signed or passed just yet.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Good, thank you. Let me just come back to one other question that maybe we were a little bit abrupt in saying we don't comment on the DSO. I guess a point there is that we do expect that to trend down over the course of the next year as we tighten up the terms. But the specific commercial terms and the specific dates, we can't get into at this point.
Leonard S. Schleifer: We wish our friends at Pfizer good luck. That's all we have to say about that their program at this point.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I think they were wishing us good luck. But look, all of this kind of activity, this competitive activity is great for patients. When you bring additional choices of drugs that might make a difference in these terrible diseases, I think having more than one choice and each choice having lots of robust labels is a good thing. We look forward to competing in the marketplace with Lucentis if we're lucky enough to get the drug approved sometime next year.
