George Yancopoulos: Well, we powered our futility analysis as well as our clinical trial to deliver what we believe would be clinically meaningful benefit if the study proves positive, which we hope it will. And remember, we’re going to be looking at both exist patios, but also improvement in lung function. So it will be a sort of integration of the benefit that patients can receive from both those measures. I remind you that in other settings in asthma, in particular, DUPIXENT has distinguished itself from other immunomodulators and delivering pretty substantial improvements in pulmonary lung function. So it’s not only all about exacerbations, but we hope to have significant improvements in exacerbations as well as in lung functions which will hopefully provide important benefits to patients.
George Yancopoulos: Well, as you say, the important thing about that aspect of the Alnylam collaboration is together, we were hoping for the first time to see if we could develop technology that would actually allow us to do what’s been done now by Alnylam and others in the liver to bring it to other tissues, particularly to the central nervous system in this case. So this – the first study, which is focused on APP is really a proof of concept that can we get this technology to work, we view it as a potential sort of platform enabler, meaning that if we see anything here and obviously these are challenging things to be first and to do something that nobody has ever done before. And it’s obviously very early in the program. But the goal is to establish proof of principle that this type of technology, which looks like it can be pretty effective in the liver, chat and work outside of the liver, particularly in the CNS. So this would be a platform enabler.
George Yancopoulos: All I can say is that we powered it to deliver would be a clinically significant improvement. There was a combination of measures of exacerbations and lung function improvement, and we haven’t disclosed what those numbers were.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I think it’s – it was really critically important for us to validate individual agents in each class. That was our strategy. We wanted to develop the best-in-class checkpoint inhibitors, such as our PD-1 antibody, Libtayo, such as our LAG-3 antibody, fianlimab. We wanted to establish three bispecifics that we are best-in-class and that we are working in hem/onc settings, but also in solid tumor settings. And then, of course, we want to validate that this incredible principle of co-stimulatory bispecifics that we introduced into the world, which were truly magical in animal studies with essentially working like turnkey agents to synergize with the other two classes in animal studies that that we could reproduce that sort of activity in humans. And to us obviously, it takes years to get to that point, but we feel we are in a very exciting position right now because, as I have said, the individual classes are validated. We are starting to see impressive combination opportunities. We talked about combining two checkpoints, combining our LAG-3 with PD-1, where it looks like we have maybe taken first-line melanoma to a different point where patients can get a lot more benefit from this combination. And now having validated those, we are expanding much more broadly. Same thing with the CD3 bispecifics, we are growing that franchise now that we have shown that our platform works, and we are working both in hem/onc and outside in solid tumor settings. And the fact that our first costim bispecific delivered the sort of exciting early data that it delivered really gets us – very excited about the possibility now that we have this whole rollout. We have several of these costim bispecifics in the clinic, clearing their dose escalation safety settings, and we are now going to be rolling out data from these combinations, more data from the PSMA, costim bispecific in prostate cancer in more patients, but we are also going to be reporting on a series of other costims, including not only in combinations that we already talked about in solid tumors. But in the hem/onc space, where we are very excited, obviously, about our CD20xCD3 bispecific by itself and our BCMAxCD3 bispecific by themselves, that Len said. We are both filing for those hopefully by the end of the year, but also initiating earlier line studies. But just as importantly, we are going to be initiating combination with these costim bispecifics, which we think yet again, if these continue to work like they work not only in the animal models, but now how they are looking in the early human study, these could really leapfrog the individual agents to a whole place where they are really changing the practice of medicine and delivering much more benefit to patients, which is what we are all about.
George Yancopoulos: I think you bring up really interesting points. We were actually involved in some of the experiments years ago that showed that IL-13 could actually cause fibrosis in animal models. And certainly, we do believe that long-term, like in many of the diseases that we have studied so far, that the benefit of Dupixent and blocking both IL-4 and IL-13 can continue to accrue for the patient in terms of preventing the chronic inflammation that results in so much of this remodeling that you talked about. We believe this may be true in asthma. And we are actually involved in programs and studies to show that some of the same things that you are talking about will also benefit in that and you will prevent long-term remodeling that decreases lung function over time in structural changes in the asthmatic patients and we believe that, that may also be true, of course, in COPD. But first, we need, as you say, the shorter term studies to be positive, but we do believe that if they produce the type of data that we hope if Dupixent type data, we are hoping it could in COPD, that longer term studies, like you say, could end up showing even longer term benefits in terms of exactly the type of remodeling and fibrotic changes that result in permanent loss of function, lung function in these patients. So, we think that you are totally right, but it will probably, as you say, take longer term studies to actually pick that up.
George Yancopoulos: Well we also shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that if treatments for geographic accuracy become much more take off and become much more prevalent that they do have a side effect. They are actually increasing levels of macular edema in these patients, which will of course, necessarily treatment there as well.
George Yancopoulos: Well, a lot of good questions in there. I will start from the end first. For sure, when we started the program, there was very serious concerns about previous experience with general CD28 activators that activated all over the body that resulted in really horrific situations for patients, which almost killed the field. We invented this new approach to tightly limit where we were limiting CD28 activation right at the tumor surface and so forth. And of course, there was a concern from the FDA, which is why, as you said, they made us employ a very, very conservative dose escalation program. We had to go through five or six dose levels just to get to where we thought were the active dose levels where we then start to see the rather dramatic antitumor activity that we began to report. We are hoping that as we get more experience and show that what we had demonstrated pre-clinically is really holding true in humans. In fact, the side effects that Len was talking about immune-related adverse events are totally unrelated to the sort of toxicities that were seen with non-specific CD28 superagonist in the past. They were really much more on target and on mechanism that is we were generating a presumably a polyclonal T-cell response against the tumor and some of that cross-reacted to tissues in the patients, and that’s what we were seeing. So, we are hoping that increasingly we might be able to move a little bit more quickly through some of these dose escalation stages to get to the active doses with these other agents. What we are seeing so far, as we have presented in our posters on MUC16xCD3 that right now it’s having an acceptable safety margin. And we also hope to see that when combined, either the CD3 combined with the MUC16xCD28 or when the MUC16 is combined with Libtayo that we will see the same sort of things that we saw with the PSMAxD28 that we will be getting, hopefully, market synergy and increase in the antitumor activity with hopefully a satisfactory safety window. And but that remains to be seen, and that’s why we are carefully going through the combination studies and the dose escalation studies. But once again, I mean just to say how I mean exciting it is for those of us who have been working on these programs for over 10 years to be at this point where the individual agents and the individual classes are now validated and we now get to mix and match these things. And as Len said, the history of the field is when you have active agents and you start combining this, you can then leapfrog and get to the next level that would change the practice of medicine for these cancers. That’s what we are aiming to do to try to save more lives, extend more lives, and it’s an exciting place to be in.
Leonard Schleifer: Give us a second. We will disconnect all the Roche people on the call, so we can get you our strategy. In all seriousness, obviously, there is a lot of thought that’s going to go in between now and what we hope will be our late August approval on pricing, on rollout, on targeting, on strategy, etcetera, etcetera. But we are working on that. We have to get our label. We have to get it approved, and we will have everything else ready to go. The initial launch will be with a vial and then we hope down the road, not too far with the pre-filled syringe. Marion, I don’t know if you want to give away any of the secrets at this point.
Leonard Schleifer: Obviously, the Vabysmo launch has not turned the market sideways on us. It’s real competition. But that, I think there is a window that’s sort of closing for them to compete against 2 milligrams, we hope and then 8 milligrams, we hope could become the standard of care. So, lots to look forward to later in the year.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I don’t think George’s point, can be overstated. Cancer cures in serious advanced tumors are still far and few between. And there is still tremendous need which makes this a very dynamic treatment marketplace because people want that extra benefit because it’s not like they are getting cures. We haven’t cured lung cancer or we haven’t cured most serious cancers. So, the ability to have foundational individual treatments and then get more by combining them really does position us to leapfrog to use George’s word in the treatment paradigm out in the world because patients and their doctors are very sensitive to improve outcomes because there is still tremendous, tremendous need.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I wouldn’t over under-read our situation right here. And it almost doesn’t matter because Regeneron is a data-driven enterprise, and we are all going to see the data coming up, we hope later this quarter. We are totally blinded to the evaluation that was done on the interim analysis. We have said we set it at a reasonable bar, but it was only a fraction of the patients. So, you never know how this is going to turn out, we would not be as confident about something like this compared to another classic Type 2 inflammatory disease. So, you have that on the negative side. But on the positive side, you do have the fact that we have selected patients who have eosinophils and we had this interim analysis. Bottom line is we look forward to the data as well as you do.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I mean I think despite all of these practice aspects, the primary driver will be that patients would prefer to get a needle in the eye less frequently. With every time you put a needle in the eye, there is a risk of inflammation or more serious complications hemorrhages, detachments, things like that. So, the less you have to do that and get the same benefit is better for the patients from the needle in the eye perspective. And it’s better for the patient from the number of times they have to come to the doctor’s office. These are elderly patients. Frequently, they have to have a caregiver. From a practice perspective, certainly, as many doctors’ offices are overwhelmed by – in the number of injections that they are giving and that they could free up time with if you could get the same result. From a practice point of view with less frequent injections, certainly that would free up more time and would drive them. But I believe at the end of the docs do make the decision with their patient on this primarily because less injections in the eye are just stapled and more convenient for the patient.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, we certainly believe that when you are in something where there is tremendous medical need and no alternative, that there will be opportunities to move for accelerated approval. We are all aware of the new FDA guidelines that they want you to be underway with your pivotal studies are well underway, I think is a phrase they use. So, we are taking that into account. But there is no question that if we can reproduce the efficacy that we saw in these late-stage prostate cancer patients. There is not only the need, but there will be a mechanism to get that to patients as quickly as possible. Remember, the main issue as you referred to, is being mindful of the safety. And of course, we are doing everything we can to mitigate that. But remember, thus far for the most part, there has been an extremely tight linkage of safety and efficacy. That is the adverse events occurred in those patients who were having the substantial benefit. So, that makes the risk/reward even more attractive from a regulator’s and doctor’s and frankly, a patient’s perspective. But the short answer is we think we are not going to go too fast where one would be reckless. We have to be careful. But we do think there is an opportunity for an accelerated approval if we follow the new approach the FDA has laid out.
