Manisha A. Narasimhan: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals second quarter 2018 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Senior Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call today include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecast and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property, pending litigation, and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in the statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, which will be filed with the SEC later today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Manisha A. Narasimhan: Thank you, Bob. Sylvia, this concludes the end of our prepared remarks. We would now like to open the call for Q&A.
Manisha A. Narasimhan: All right. Operator, that concludes our call for today. I know there were a couple in the queue. Please send us an e-mail. We're available for follow-up calls.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Manisha, and good morning to everyone who has joined us on today's call and webcast. Regeneron delivered a strong second quarter, as measured both by R&D progress, as well as our financial results, reflecting our commitment to discovering important new drugs and translating those discoveries into successful commercial products. Our pipeline now has 19 drugs or drug candidates in development, with particularly good progress in allergic diseases and cancer. George will update you on our R&D efforts and highlight some notable progress across our pipeline. Our commercial efforts are focused on market leading EYLEA, the ongoing launches of Dupixent, Kevzara, and Praluent, and our ongoing launch preparations for cemiplimab, our PD-1 inhibitor in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Marion will update you on our progress. Operationally, we had a record performance on both the top and bottom line. Bob will review these results. So now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Robyn. It's Len. I think what we've said about this program all along is that we would anticipate, based on the data we have and Compellor (00:32:32) program, that the efficacy that's been demonstrated is good efficacy and would, on efficacy considerations alone, be a useful addition to the therapeutic armamentarium in osteoarthritis, especially as a non-opiate pain, new pain class. So we're anticipating that the Phase 3 data we have should show some efficacy, but, obviously, we have to see it. The safety, of course, the long-term safety, which won't be answered from this study, because this study is not our long-term safety, is something that we can only wait for the data. As you know, we lowered the dose to a dose that the independent committee felt was appropriate to continue. So we're pleased with that, and our Compellor (00:33:32) program is continuing. But it's all going to have to wait till we really have long-term data to know just exactly the promise of this program. So I think it remains a high-risk, high-reward program. George, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, I think that we have not seen this as a big shift in market share. Maybe Marion wants to go into depth on that.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So just to be very clear, in case if people aren't familiar with what George was saying. We not only measure our blood levels to determine whether we achieve what we wanted. We take the blood out of patients and do an ex vivo assay to see whether that blood can suppress in a standard assay for complement activation, and we achieve the blood level that fully suppresses that. Of course, that's not quite the same thing as doing a disease, but we expect and hope it will be a good predictor.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So as far as the dosing (00:43:12), typically one likes to think that the minimum acceptable interval, although, obviously, there are insulin and others and way more than that, would be a weekly dosing. And that's what we're able to achieve in the first study. Whether we can go longer than that, we'll just have to see as we get more into this. But right now, our comments reflect a weekly subcutaneous dosing regimen that we intend to move forward.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, I think it's a little bit too early to go into that, Carter. Obviously, we have a tremendous amount of experience doing these types of studies, both in the preclinical and the clinical. We've worked diligently to come up with a higher dose formulation and we think that that is something that would extend the half-life. It's a competitive field, so we probably don't want to comment much more about that.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So before Marion addresses the access issue, I just want to say what we continue to hear and we maybe didn't mention enough is that the feedback from patients continues to be really, really satisfying, and makes us – sort of reminds us why all of us are doing what we're doing. People who are miserable with this disease have felt and told us that it was life changing for them. And so, as I've said on previous calls, it is nice that the data that you saw and we saw in our clinical trials seems to be translating very well in the real world where patients are experiencing on an individual basis the kind of benefit that the data that we achieved in the controlled setting would have predicted. So that is very nice. And both the doctors and the patients are extremely satisfied and, as I said before, thank goodness, we've also seen no new side effects to concern people. So the tolerability out in the real world is also very good. So, from my perspective, I would guess that is probably the biggest thing that's driving the continued use and growth and, of course, there is blocking and tackling that Marion can address if she likes.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks for the question, Geoff. I think the answer is that access is definitely improving, in the sense that the artificial barriers that are out there, these complicated questions, requirements for documentation, et cetera, et cetera, are slowly being removed. I think we saw that with Express Script, where they went to a short physician at a station. I think others will be moving to it. But the tipping point, I actually think, may come with sort of practice guidelines coming from a variety of sources where it will be, I expect that people will – practice guidelines will demand that patients who can't get their LDL down to an appropriate level when they have cardiovascular disease with the existing therapies, it will be standard practice, not optional, to go to a PCSK9 inhibitor. That probably will be the tipping point, but we'll see. Thanks.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah. I think that our DTC that you referenced earlier, Marion, in your remarks should help. At least we're anticipating that that should help achieve that.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, so as far as the increase in intraocular inflammation, there's no doubt that there was a spike. To the best that we could do looking at every variable, it seemed to trace to several batches of syringes. But, of course, in the absence of doing a controlled trial, one can't be certain. But what we can say is that the background rate typically is about one to two cases of inflammations per 10,000 injections. The marketplace notices when you get to 5 per 10,000 or 10 per 10,000, they notice it quite a lot. And I can tell you that we spiked up above the one to two, and we don't think we quite got to 10. But we certainly are now back to the baseline of one to two, and we monitor this very carefully. Not to break our arms patting ourselves on the back. I think that we handled that very transparently with all the various retinal associations and ophthalmologic groups. We shared the data directly with the key opinion leaders and anybody who wanted to see it. Marion's team was out there. We got lots of positive feedback. I'm sure we lost some customers during that, but I think that we're winning them back, because of our transparency and the fact that we've got the rate down. Now, in terms of new agents, yes, inflammation could be a differentiating factor. I think I've seen rates in some of the newer types of agents that are up to 15 per 100, 150 per 1,000, 1,500 per 10,000. Remember, we're talking about in the outside – in the world as we monitor, we're looking at rates of one to two per 10,000. So, yes, if those rates don't come down dramatically, I don't think that we would be overly concerned about the competitive nature. I just want to say that, to emphasize that, we look very carefully at the competition. We don't see anything coming along that is going to be highly differentiated from the data we've seen from our molecule. And remember, we have recently gotten, as George highlighted, an approval in Europe based on a study that the FDA hasn't seen yet, but the ALTAIR study, where we got a label that allowed for extension of dosing, through a treat and extend dosing regimen in the first year, where 57% of the people were able to get at the end of a year to an intended regimen of 12 weeks or more, and still gaining an average of about 9 letters and many patients achieving an interval of four months. So I think EYLEA has incredible profile and we don't see anything coming along that disrupts that profile. And we certainly don't see anything that can have the broad number of indications for a very long time that we have in our emphasis on diabetes.
Marion McCourt: Sure, happy to. In fact, in the fairly comprehensive survey data we use of physician prescribing, it would suggest that we're continuing to see share growth with EYLEA opposite Lucentis. And certainly over the lifecycle of the brand, as EYLEA has grown, we've taken equal share, about 20 market share points, both from LUCENTIS and from Avastin. So while we do think having a pre-filled syringe available – and, as I mentioned in my comments, that will be later in 2019 potentially – we believe having that extension, that line extension and that delivery system will be helpful to physicians. We don't see it as in any way a negative to our current profile in marketplace as we're competing, and certainly the performance we're showing, the share growth we're showing, and the preference, clearly, in physicians prescribing for wet AMD with EYLEA is important as it is in DME.
Marion McCourt: Sure, happy to. And to give a little bit more specificity on the access for Dupixent in atopic dermatitis, among commercial payers today, we have coverage with over 90% for – over 90% of covered lives. But then if we get a little bit more specific, and to give you the numbers, the percentage is about 65% of commercial lives have access to Dupixent following only one or two topical medication. So we've made significant progress and we did make some meaningful progress as well in the second quarter picking up another one of the major insurance companies. So I think we feel really good about that progress. But I would also say that what – to Len's point, what is really driving the demand we're seeing, such as this 27% increase in TRxs that I referenced in the quarter-on-quarter comparison, and of course the number was 25% in the quarter-on-quarter comparison in the first quarter, this type of demand is coming because of the tremendous results that physicians are seeing in prescribing. Their toughest cases now moving into additionally not only their severe, but starting to move into their more moderate cases, and the tremendous value that patients are seeing. As for asthma, we very much look forward to the launch. We certainly at the appropriate time will engage in payer discussions and, of course, I think some of the differentiating characteristics are really important to keep in mind. The clinical profile that George referenced, and also in my comments, differentiated by our profile as it relates to the impact we're seeing with Dupixent in moderate to severe asthma, a reduction in exacerbations, and also the consistency that we see in lung function is really, really important. A second differentiating characteristic I've mentioned is that patients will be able to administer product self or at home, and that also is a distinguishing feature that is important. So we look forward to launch. We're ready and we certainly will engage with payers at the right time.
Marion McCourt: So I think that it's not unusual that physicians in their first experience will try some of their very, very toughest patients. So that would have been in the earlier launch phase. As we now see the improvement in performance, as evidenced by numbers of physicians who are prescribing, depth of prescribing TRxs and the NRX numbers that I shared, we now know that physicians and also nurse practitioners, PAs who use Dupixent, are already starting to move from severe into their more moderate patients as they evolve into a broader experience. It's hard to give you exact numbers on that. That I don't have. But we are seeing evidence through discussions and through prescribing depth. Having said that, if we were in times back thinking that we probably have roughly 300,000 to 400,000 potential patients who would have moderate to severe disease in the U.S., we really are only at a relatively small percentage of touching patients. So we have an awful lot more work to do and a lot more potential for Dupixent in atopic dermatitis.
Marion McCourt: Yes. Thank you, Len, for the mention there. And then just to be clear, because we covered a lot, we are going to be launching a Dupixent on-air TV campaign nationally shortly. We've got great response to the disease state awareness campaign, as evidenced by many, many touches to our website, and patients coming for additional information and even physicians mentioning that they were seeing patients, because they had been engaged by the disease state awareness. We do think it's the right time to evolve into the branded campaign and very much look forward to having that on-air so that patients are educated, and we support efforts to get them the care they need.
Marion McCourt: Yeah, this is Marion. We actually have not yet given specificity on the size of the adolescent patient population. We very much look forward to (00:57:20) potential launch in this area and certainly would be very happy in the future to provide more insight there.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah, I think you did a good job answering your own question. Certainly, the original smaller study, the positive study with the PD-1 antibody in first-line non-small cell, the data looked more robust than the second study. Clearly, the agent is very active, but the relative effect compared to control was not quite as robust in the second study. And so we adjusted, based on our power calculations and based on those results, the size of our study. So it was basically entirely as you described. And certainly, of course, we take into account what's available, where, and what the standard of care is in different territories in terms of where we carry out our studies and how we enroll them. So, yeah, that's about it.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah, well, we're talking about our evaluation based on our assays of our molecules compared to what's known in the public domain, as well as using our own pharmacodynamic assays and measures of how well we're doing at inhibiting complement. So it's integrating all of that data. What we see that's important out there is to provide patients with a convenient home self-administered subcutaneous regimen that makes their life a lot easier and that keeps their disease in better control with less breakthrough. So we're trying to make their lives easier and better, while delivering better disease control. That's our goal.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah. I don't think we have the real world data, but we know from our controlled studies – now, I'll say our controlled studies are a collection of the moderate to severe atopic dermatitis patient and, as Marion just told you, the doctors tend to provide their more serious patients or put their more serious patients on first. So what's been happening in the real world, you might think might be patients who actually have more disease and more co-morbidities. But in our controlled studies of the moderate to severe population on the order of 30% to 40% had co-morbid asthma, and 60% to 70% had at least one other co-morbid allergic condition. So, obviously, among the atopic dermatitis population, the moderate to severe, there is a very substantial amount of co-morbidity with other allergic conditions.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah, well, certainly I think there's quite a bit of data, not only from us, but from others, but certainly pre-clinically. There is no question that the activity in animal models of the bi-specific compared to an ADC is two entirely different classes. And we certainly also compare them pre-clinically versus CAR-T approaches. And certainly, the bi-specific much more closely approaches CAR-T type of activities. So we are very excited about our BCMA bi-specific in terms of it now, very soon we're going to start hopefully seeing how it's going to be performing in patients. And, as I mentioned, we also have coming up combination approaches with additional classes of bi-specifics that will also be very relevant to the BCMA program, as well as a way to potentially finer tune or amplify its activity in terms of what we see there. So we're very excited about that program. In terms of IL-33 and dupilumab for COPD, I think that there is a lot of questions in the field right now about how to pursue some of the biologics in the COPD setting and exactly what the implications are in terms of the biology, some of the genetics, what they call the so-called overlap syndrome. There's a substantial number of patients with COPD that have asthma overlap, and so there's a lot of questions there. And right now, we're really thinking about all this in terms of figuring out exactly what we're going to be doing also with COPD
George Damis Yancopoulos: I do think it is worth emphasizing, your question, the point that you raised, about how the eye is such a sensitive readout for inflammation. And, obviously, having the experience, the wealth of experience that we have and understanding of this, and also our ability to track these things and so forth, yeah, I think it's really important. I think that if a physician is treating a patient, they have to take into account the risks and the experience and the confidence that they would have in any particular agent.
