Len Schleifer: Thanks, Justin. Thanks to everyone who's joining the call today. We had another great quarter, marked by continued execution, to deliver double-digit top and bottom line growth while making progress with our innovative R&D engine. EYLEA global net sales grew 14% to $1.9 billion, including U.S. EYLEA net sales growth of 16% to $1.2 billion. We continued to build on our leadership position in retinal diseases with market share gains across wet age-related macular degeneration and diabetic eye diseases.DUPIXENT continued to deliver strong growth while transforming the lives of thousands of patients around the world suffering from a number of Type 2 inflammatory diseases. Global net sales of DUPIXENT are now annualizing at more than $2.5 billion. Launches in atopic dermatitis, asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps are generating broad-based growth for this important brand. We're still in the early days of DUPIXENT as approvals around the world continue and our enthusiasm continues to increase.Through the strength of the performance of DUPIXENT, we generated improved profitability for our own -- for our antibody collaboration with Sanofi. We expect profits to continue to increase, further diversifying our earnings base driven by growth in DUPIXENT as well as effective cost management across the collaboration.Importantly, our efforts in oncology are bearing fruit in the form of global launches of Libtayo, our anti-PD-1 therapy in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; as well as new data from Libtayo in lung cancer; and our portfolio of innovative bispecific antibodies, including our BCMA antibody in multiple myeloma. We aim to be a leader in immuno-oncology by bringing important new treatments to patients with both blood and solid tumor cancers.Beyond oncology, we have novel programs that have generated significant late-stage results that we intend to file with regulators, such as evinacumab in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. Similarly, results from the PALM study in the Democratic Republic of Congo demonstrated that our antibody combination was superior to the standard of care in preventing death from Ebola in the recent outbreak. We expect further pipeline readouts by the end of the year as George will speak to in a few moments.Taken together, we continue to demonstrate that Regeneron has the talent and track record to tackle some of the world's most scientifically challenging health issues while creating long-term value for shareholders. We continue to execute on our strategy, and a result -- and as a result, are in a strong financial position. We think carefully about how -- about our capital and how to deploy it strategically.As such, we will continue to invest in R&D, as we have shown that those investments have generated significant value for shareholders and for patients. Business development efforts will continue as we seek the best science and capabilities to pair with our own innovations. Beyond R&D, and based upon our confidence in the business to deliver value both in the short and longer term, we are initiating a $1 billion stock buyback program.These are exciting times for Regeneron. We have strong momentum as we head into the end of the year and into 2020.Now I'll turn the call over to George.
Len Schleifer: Certainly, it's Len, just to echo what George said. We feel good about our position, but we don't take Roche lightly. They're a formidable -- Roche/Genentech are a formidable competitor with lots of experience in the CD20 space. But they may have historical approaches that may be -- might be disruptible by new agents and combinations.
Len Schleifer: Yes, and let me just add something very quickly. Geoff, you also alluded to there were other combinations out there, whether it be CTLA-4, LAG-3 or what have you. We in this field recognize that not all antibodies are created equally. As George said, I mean, you've got some antibody like a KEYTRUDA that worked in first line; and others, let's say, in PD-L1; or others even in PD-1 that may not work as well, didn't work. And so we have to make sure we explore some of these other antibodies, LAG3 or what have you ourselves, to be satisfied that there's not opportunity for a combination therapy there as well.
Len Schleifer: You have sort of faded out at the end. This is Len. But I think what you're asking, can we change the structure or the profitability? I think Sanofi and Regeneron are constantly looking at this. We see the same data you do. It is very early for Libtayo. So that's one thing. It's getting a little bit late for PRALUENT and KEVZARA. And we are focused on making sure we do the right thing overall for the -- so that they're not a drain on the overall alliance. You can be assured of that.
Len Schleifer: Yes, it's a little early to comment on a strategy till we see the data. I just remind you, this is going to be a very large space. KEYTRUDA is annualizing right now at about, I think, $12 billion. And the whole space is predicted to go much larger than that with most of the sales, at least initially, coming in lung cancer.We have two strategies I think that George has been articulating for years. One is we need a foundational strategy so that if it just turns out the only checkpoint inhibitor that continues to make a difference, as it has for the last 5 years in lung cancer, is a PD-1 inhibitor, we want to be there with ours and we want to compete. And we'll see how the data goes. But it could be one experiment away with either some combination, a co-stim, a bispecific or something else. And then everybody's back, loaded up in the starting gate. So this has been, I think, articulated innumerable times by George: PD-1 is a foundational technology for us in the immuno-oncology space, lung cancer is the biggest opportunity, we want to be there.
Len Schleifer: So let me just repeat what George said, maybe in my words, is that the platform is powerful, and therefore the activation energy to try more than one thing is low. And so we have that as a competitive advantage.
Marion McCourt: Sure, Len. And just to comment, in the third quarter, there were some temporary spot shortages of Avastin in select geographies, so they may have given some modest benefit to EYLEA. We mentioned the same in the second quarter. And the one thing I can add is that we are hearing that patients that are started on Avast -- excuse me, started on EYLEA because of these shortages do continue on EYLEA therapy. So we'll continue to monitor the situation, which is episodic. And of course, in many instances, are related to ongoing issues with compounding and quality concerns.
Marion McCourt: Sure. And just first, we're pleased with the EYLEA performance through this third quarter and certainly been in a competitive market for some years. But specifically to the most recent launch, Novartis' launch, when you take all the important competition seriously and certainly have been prepared for new market entrants. But it is really early, so we can't report on any impact. We're not seeing any impact at this time. And I think the market will be looking to product profile to determine issues of safety, efficacy and product use.
Marion McCourt: Sure, happy to. So Josh, we're very pleased with the quarter-on-quarter performance. And as I mentioned in my script, when we just look at, obviously the percentage growth of TRxs quarter-over-quarter, and I believe it was 21%, it was quite substantial. As it relates to gross to net and inventory, I know that inventory is within the normal range and therefore don't have more to report on that area.
George Yancopoulos: Well, maybe I'll start at the back because it's the easiest. It's a wholly owned program that we control and nobody has an option on it. Number one. Number two, in terms of the comparisons with Roche, I mean, obviously, these are cross-trial comparisons. But we're very encouraged with how our data looks and how we both have a -- how we have a chance to have best-in-class potential. One of the most important things, we believe, about not only this program but our immuno-oncology franchise in general, is that we have, we believe, an unparalled opportunity to generate synergistic therapeutics that can work very powerfully together. So we are certainly going to be exploring our CD20xCD3 in combination with our PD-1 antibody, Libtayo, which we're very interested in. But also, we have an assortment of additional bispecifics in the settings where one might need additional efficacy. We believe that we can add to it, and we've certainly shown that and demonstrated that in preclinical models.So we think that, that's what really differentiates us, is that we really have a lot of tools in our tool kits a lot of possibilities for combining a lot of things with synergistic capabilities together. In addition to the fact that each one of our individual agents, we believe that based on the emerging data, has a chance to be best-in-class. And we're moving very aggressively into a near-term pivotal, approvable trials. And we'll be moving into earlier stages as well.
George Yancopoulos: Okay. And so certainly, we're following closely the PD-1 field. As you said, it is evolving. Our goal, as it's been from the beginning, is to have a foundational PD-1 therapeutic that is at least competitive, if not best-in-class. And so we're very excited, for example, about some of the data that we reported on today in terms of the response rates in our first-line monotherapy lung cancer study. But once again, the story is as you said, that we think that we have an enormous opportunity of combining with our novel sets of reagents. Some of which are already in combinations in the clinic not only with the entire assortment of checkpoint inhibitors but also with our entire assortment of bispecifics.So as I already mentioned, we're exploring combinations with the bispecifics of the CD3 class that are in the clinic already, but we've already initiated our second class of bispecifics, these co-stimulatory bispecifics, which have the opportunity to activate PD-1 responsiveness in tumors that are not normally responsive to PD-1. So not only can they enhance responsiveness in tumors that are responding to some degree already, but they can actually endow responsiveness in those that don't in preclinical models. And we hope that, that pertains, obviously, in the clinic. This creates, we think, a great way of extending the benefit that immuno-oncology has already provided by taking it deeper in cancers that are already responsive, but also opening up cancers that haven't responded to date.So I do want to just emphasize again, why do we have this ability? Because we have a unique platform for making these bispecifics. As far as I'm aware, we're the only platform that couples essentially a naturally derived bispecific antibodies using a genetically humanized mouse, together with this Veloci-Bi platform that we recently announced, to rapidly and routinely make natural bispecifics that behave just like normal antibodies.You don't have to give them by constant infusion. You don't have to introduce linkers. You don't have to make mutations in there so that they have longer half-lives because they look, and they're manufactured in fact, just like regular antibodies. They behave like them. You can give them normally like you give biologics. You don't have to go to special -- extensive lengths to manufacture them. This allows us to rapidly and routinely make many of these and put them into the clinic very rapidly in these various combinations and target them in exactly the way we want to, in some cases, initiate; or in other cases, trigger or activate a co-response. And I think it's the collection of these put together that allow for very exciting combinations, as I said.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I think that it's fair to -- I think you made two great points. I mean, I think, one, it's very important to see that the platform is consistently producing what looked like very competitive, exciting data. And so it's encouraging for that reason. And secondly, if the platform is producing competitive data in a particular area, then it's exciting for that reason as well. So I guess the answer is yes and yes on both of those.
George Yancopoulos: Well as I said, we had a very high bar before we would get excited about it, which was we want to feel like we could change the field. As you know, the current approaches are limited to intravenous delivery. We were looking for a subcutaneous, self-administered approach and we were also looking for more complete suppression of hemolysis. And so we are excited because we feel like we satisfied our high bar.In terms of where we're actually going to present it, we're hoping to present it as soon as possible in a major medical conference. And so that we don't get prevented from presenting it at such conferences, we can't tell you where we're presenting. Sorry about that.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I mean, these are all great questions. I think the important point to make is, and it was brought up by a previous caller, that we are really validating our platform and we're excited that it looks like the platform works. And what we're beginning to understand is that one way to control, not only efficacy but also safety, is by the components that are used, particularly the constant components in our platform. I'll remind you, they're all created from entirely natural sequences of antibodies and so forth, so there's no immunogenicity problems.And so what we're doing, we committed not based on any data that we saw, but to test a couple of variants of the constant aspects of the platform to try to optimize the efficacy and safety profile. Though obviously we're seeing what look like very competitive profiles right now, we're always aspiring to even do better. So it's just a matter of building and optimizing our platform to maximize the efficacy, the safety equation as best as we can and learn that -- how we can take the platform and generalize it and optimize it to the best. And that's why we're testing, in some cases, at least two versions of related bispecifics.
Robert Landry: Geoff, I'll start. Well certainly, with the launch of DUPIXENT in the new indications, I mean we're moving full speed ahead with regards to that. And we've been talking about PRALUENT and KEVZARA cost containment for the last couple of quarters I would say in the third quarter, you're meaning -- we meaningfully saw what we were -- have been working on with our Sanofi counterparts in terms of trying to rein in a little bit with regards to the amount of OpEx associated with PRALUENT and KEVZARA.
Robert Landry: Geoff, I'll start. And you can imagine for competitive reasons, we're not going to get into kind of specific products with regards to what they're generating from a cash flow perspective. We've given kind of high-level cover -- color with regards to what the drivers have been. Obviously, DUPIXENT on our current profitability for the quarter. Repeat the second question, the second part of it.
Robert Landry: Thanks, Evan, for the question. And again, we wanted to be kind of pointed during our script with regards to calling out the framework that we have on this because we do get a lot of questions on it. I think exactly where you kind of ended off on the question with regards to -- we currently like the valuation. Obviously, all the work we do inside here and what we know is coming and...
Robert Landry: The valuation from a purchasing point of view is what we certainly like. Thanks for that help, Len, on that. We like the levels. And as I tried to point out, I mean, we sufficiently invest in R&D in the right areas. Things continue to move through the clinic. We are also going into external transactions. We mentioned in May the Alnylam transaction, and I talked about a little bit that -- there on the script. So now is the right time with regards to being able to kind of put additional capital to work. And again, to reiterate what you said, we do like -- we think the valuations are attractive from our point of view at this level.
