Justin Holko: Thank you Bob. Crystal that concludes our prepared remarks, we'd now like to open the call for Q&A. Just a word that, we have more than 20 callers in the queue, so to ensure that we are able to address as many as possible, we will answer one question from each caller before moving to the next. Please go ahead, Crystal.
Justin Holko: So we still have several callers – sorry, we have several callers still in the queue. So we'll extend for a few more minutes, if we can.
Justin Holko: Thanks, Yaron. We're going to try to cut the call about quarter to the hour that leaves us with time for one to two more questions. Next question, Crystal.
Justin Holko: Okay. Crystal, last question. Unfortunately, we have a lot of people still in the queue but this will be our last question
Justin Holko: Thank you everyone. That's going to conclude our call. We appreciate everybody hanging on a little longer today, given all the things that we had to speak to and all the great questions that came in. Bob Landry and the IR team will be available following the call to answer further questions. Thank you.
George Yancopoulos: And I guess that most importantly, as we noted, the lung field is dominated by leading antibody that has produced the most impressive data. We are very excited that our monotherapy trial has delivered data that looks very impressive in terms of the overall survival endpoint. And we have an ongoing combination trial with chemotherapy as well that we're excited about having it read out over the coming year or so.And so I think that this is going to position us well in such a large opportunity, where physicians and patients are looking for alternatives to have an agent that has such profound activity as a monotherapy. But in addition, we have all these combination programs that I was referring to. We have we believe one of the most exciting homegrown pipelines of additional agents that we could combine to not only enhance the activity in these settings where the PD-1 monotherapies are already active, but also to extend to new settings and new indications, such as I mentioned, whether it be prostate cancer or ovarian cancer or others where right now the activity is not what we would want.So I think that we've put ourselves into a pretty exciting position, where we have some of the most exciting agents with identified profound clinical activity as monotherapies, but we now have the opportunity to mix and match these as is appropriate to enhance and extend the activity. So we're very excited about the oncology situation.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Those are great questions. So what we were able to generate, because we have these very robust platforms both the ability to get fully human antibodies from our genetically humanized mouse model, as well as from recovering humans. We generated a collection of thousands and thousands of antibodies.Getting many antibodies that really were at the top end historically at the best level of binders and blockers and antiviral neutralizers that you've ever seen based on the literature and the history. And so what we did was, we simply selected several cocktails of the best antibodies where we put them together, and we created our initial cocktail and a backup cocktail just in case for some reason something goes wrong with the initial cocktail. So they're actually quite similar. It's just a different collection of antibodies for the backup as well as for the primary.Now we think that based on the history of treating infectious disease and viral diseases with highly potent neutralizing antibodies, the risks of things such as antibody-dependent enhancement and so forth are actually quite limited. You actually see these, for example, in certain classes of viruses, the Flaviviruses, the dengue type viruses and so forth in particular, but that's because of the biology of the viruses there.With most other viruses when you have highly potent neutralizing antibodies these risks are mitigated. We do have -- in addition to our backup collection of antibodies, we do also have our antibody cocktails made with what we call Uber-stealth constant [ph] regions, which would completely mitigate against that possibility. But for the current approaches that we're taking, we're going to be going forward with the fully armed antibodies, because we think the risks of ADE with very potent neutralizing antibodies is actually quite low.So I think that the history of antiviral antibodies, our experience the way they work our own antibodies and other programs most notably in Ebola, we think that there's a very significant chance that these specifically designed, very potent neutralizing antibodies will have a significant impact on the disease. We think that there's a great chance that they can be very powerful prophylactic and preventive agents. But we also think that they can treat patients who are already symptomatic with disease.And we don't think that right now there's any evidence that suggests that the antibody response is what's contributing to the inflammatory responses in the lung. And as, of course, as has already been seen and described in the disease, the majority of patients do recover and their recovery is coincident with their producing viral responses.So altogether I think there's a lot of reason to have a lot of hope that this approach really has a chance to make a difference as we said both in prophylactic treatment, but also in treating symptomatic patients.
George Yancopoulos: Well, we're planning on doing three sets of trials in the prophylactic or prevention setting in people who are at high-risk in early treatment that is patients who are not at the level that they would be normally hospitalized. But patients who are identified they're symptomatic. If they do go to an ER, they are sent home, but they don't need oxygen support.However, significant number of them do develop more serious disease and then have to return to the hospital. So the idea would be to stop the disease in those individuals and stop the progression and the need from them going back to the hospital. And then we're also going to go to the hospitalized setting very similar to what we're doing with KEVZARA and where the Remdesivir data has read out.So certainly, the only setting where it would be on top of an existing standard-of-care potentially would be in the late treatment setting, we would certainly be going on top of standard- f care there whether it be Remdesivir or maybe we'll see whether there's data from other agents by that time as well.In the prophylactic setting, there is no need and there's also no other standard of care and in the same thing in the early treatment. And I would remind you once again that based as I said on our experience in other programs and most notably a good example is the Ebola program, the earlier that one treats, the better one does.I remind you early in the disease for Ebola, which is obviously a much more lethal disease with much higher levels of severe disease and death we were able to save more than 90% of the patients when we went with early treatment. So I think that there's a lot of reason to think that in this setting these sorts of antibodies both in the prophylactic setting and in the early treatment setting can have really profound benefits on their own.
George Yancopoulos: Well, yeah. I think that, these are all great questions. We're in unprecedented times. I think that, the urgency and the collaborative spirit between regulators, between medical institutions, between companies, it has never been seen before. And also our commitment to this is something we've sort of done it before. But now we're trying to take it to the next level.So we are planning, as we said in June to simultaneously initiate trials, in the three settings that we're actually talking about. We are thinking of ways to synergize between the three classes of trials that we're talking about. And we are hoping -- I mean this is going to depend on a lot of factors. And there's obviously a lot of risk and concerns, whether this can be done, since it hasn't ever been done before.But we are really hoping that, we'll be able to not only initiate these studies, but able within a month or two to perhaps if these agents are working as well as we might hope they would work, as well as for example some of the precedents set by Ebola suggest that they might work, that we might within that month or two be getting data.If we were to get data, within those sort of timeframes as Len describes we have already committed at risk to manufacturing the drug supply this could be providing by the end of the summer, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of doses, of these antibodies. So, you're right. It's never been done before.On the other hand, I don't think we ever had quite a pandemic like this before. And I think that, some companies like ours have really put themselves in a position with the technologies, the commitments, the investments that we've made to put ourselves in a position, to maybe help out and make a difference here.And regulators like the FDA, BARDA everybody is coming together to try to help us in this situation to meet the urgency and meet the dire need that we might have here. And so the hope is yes, it might be possible by the end of the summer or the fall that, our antibody treatment could be available. A lot of risks, a lot of concerns, but we are working as hard as we can with so many collaborators to try to turn that into a reality.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, great questions. I guess, first of all, basically, we think that, the bispecific costims. We've described these in the literature. We have a lot of data on them. On their own they are designed to essentially have very little or no activity. And only when combined with either a CD3 bispecific or with a PD-1 agent do they then essentially synergize and amplify the benefit or activate the benefit of the other agent.And we've done a lot of work on that. Quite a bit of published work has already been shown on that. And the early data in the clinic are supporting that in that the monotherapy costim was not intended and did not show single-agent activity. We are now in the combination program, where we are hoping to now activate activity by adding the costim to the PD-1.That's how they were designed, that's what we're hoping to see and that is what we are hoping to be able to generate data that we will be giving you information on in the future. In terms of the promising activity, I think that yes, we have seen robust activity with the BCMA. We have not really reported anything on the MUC16. I can say that we are seeing evidence of activity and we'll give you more details on that in future times.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Our viewpoint with fasinumab is that for a long time now as obviously, I think most people appreciate is that in many ways, this is a very risky program in that. There are – there is a now well-defined adverse event that we are trying to tighter around with the dose. And I think the major question for this program is whether we have been able to find a dose that threads the needle between the safety concern and between providing sufficient benefit to patients.I think if you see other competitors' data here, it's been a little difficult for others to thread the needle. So this is what we're going to see, especially when we see the data that comes out from our ongoing program that we'll be getting by the middle of this year, how well we've done to actually find a magic spot on the dose response curve, where we have sufficient safety but sufficient benefit and how that might compare to what others have achieved.So we are as anxious and excited as you are to see whether we may have threaded this needle in a way that really provides an important alternative for patients as we know there is a crying, literally a crying need here for new pain medications and particularly for the osteoarthritis population and we are hoping that we may have threaded that needle.
George Yancopoulos: Right. I think that this is really a landmark for the field, but also for us. Keytruda has stood really unchallenged now particularly in lung cancer, which is driving most of the sales for this entire field. Because others haven't actually been able to show that they've had a Keytruda-like agent. I think that I understand the concerns about people talking about how are you going to compete?But having something that's already showing this profound clinical activity that we're now seeing as a monotherapy with also, having also identified this is another thing that people have to appreciate new first-in-class indications that have been missed by the rest of the field. First with cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma now with basal cell, I think are establishing Libtayo as a legitimate monotherapy alternative.And as Len said, when you have opportunities such as $8 billion opportunities in first line history shows that bona fide competitors with profound clinical activity they are going to get significant shares. But I think, it's exactly as you said, we believe we are now in a position where we can compete in these monotherapy situations, but it only amplifies our excitement and our commitment to the combination approach. And of course, as you say we are working hard to find the right outside collaborators. And I think we've already announced quite a few of them that we're very excited about, that we're already starting combination studies on and so forth, but we are just as excited about our internal homegrown pipeline.We have been preparing, a series of combination assets just for this moment now where we will have this potent powerful PD-1 antibody of our own. Our entire strategy depended on it and now that the molecule has come through and proved that it really is a bona fide monotherapy competitor out there we are now just doubly motivated and compelled to now build upon that with all these combination opportunities that have been coming out of our labs for the last few years. So we could not be more excited that we will now have the ability to not only compete as a monotherapy, but now to add with all these combinations, all these bispecifics, the costim bispecifics and so forth as well as these collaboration assets. And we think this is a really exciting time not only for us, but for the field because I hope you all realize how the immuno-oncology field despite all the initial excitement has not moved forth as much as I think we all would have wanted it to have moved forward.We haven't seen the magic combinations. We haven't seen the dramatic increases in to new cancers. We think we have the opportunity to take that field to the next level and having the foundational PD-1 antibody of our own really gives us that opportunity. So these are really exciting times for us, but I think for the field that -- for the first time in a decade maybe substantial new advances, a new age of immuno-oncology may be coming now.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I think that we have been already in active conversation with regulators exactly on the points that you talk about. And I think these are unprecedented times and I think also when you have the history with these types of agents, it does allow you and it does allow the comfort of the regulators that one could be moving forward very quickly. And so as you might imagine along the lines of the things that you proposed these are exactly the sorts of things that we're talking about with regulators. And we're trying to employ into our designs.In terms of your second part of your question, I think, Len already started talking about this point, which is we have made a huge commitment to enable our entire upstate New York manufacturing facility to be devoted to this effort, which on its own could supply hundreds of thousands if not over the course of time maybe even on the order of a million or so doses per month. However, even that might not be sufficient depending on the demand, depending on whether there's a second wave, depending on what happens with vaccines and so forth. So we are actively talking about collaborations with others who are very interested in bringing their resources to the table here too.As we said, there's enormous collaborative spirit that I think we haven't seen before between companies to come together, to help each other out, to really make a difference here in this pandemic. And so that opportunity is really out there. We're actively talking with people. And of course it all depends on whether these antibodies deliver. But if they deliver and depending on the state of the pandemic if there's more need I am sure that there will be ways that either we on our own or with major collaborations will be able to supply more to more patients.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, hi. Sorry. It's Len. We've spent all of our energy right now focused on getting the technical success that George described and that we hope to see. And in parallel, we have been working to clear manufacturing capacity in our New York plant so that we can make it at large scale. We hope to be able to have a couple hundred thousand doses by the end of the summer and then continue to manufacture from there. In terms of pricing, donations, and fair values and all that sort of stuff that's just got to come down the road a little bit.
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Ronny. It's Len. It's way too early for us to be making any comparative statements. We literally, just recently got the, good news from the data monitoring committee that we met with highly statistical significance, as George described survival.We've got a lot more data to go. We've got a lot more studies to look at. It's not just one study. It's not just the cross-study comparison. There's going to be a lot more that goes into this. And we'll just have to see how this evolves.But the history of the industry typically is that, if there's just a couple of competitors, you have to remember that the size of this market. Last year it was about $22 billion of which about 70% or 75% was lung cancer. And that was largely driven by Keytruda sales. So there's a pretty big opportunity to have some important alternatives. And you just have to wait, I'm sorry Ronny to see how this all evolves when we roll this out.
Leonard Schleifer: Let me just put a finer point on that. But just in a second. I completely agree with what George said. And I think if you listen carefully to what he was saying is that, because we're doing three different types of studies, the timing on the different studies might be quite different.If you're dealing with people, who already have the disease, then you're not waiting for that long period to occur, when you're trying to prevent the disease. And people who already have the disease, the cause of the disease sort of declares itself, over a several week to month period.And so you could imagine, depending upon what's going on. How many people are actually showing up at the hospital? How many people are hospitalized, in the ICU that that part could go a lot faster? But of course, you can imagine that George and the team have got a lot of great strategies, for the early part, to try and find people at high enough risk, which is the hard part in a preventative setting. Sorry next question.
Leonard Schleifer: One second, Terence if I may. We appreciate all the comments from the analyst community thanking us for what we're doing. We just want to say. we find your notes very useful and very helpful. The coverage of this pandemic, the useful information that all of you provide and what's going on and what the rates are of this and that and what to be expected we really appreciate that as well.
Leonard Schleifer: In terms of supply – yes I'll take that George. Thanks. In terms of supply, we've going as fast as we can. We have an amazing capability in technology that allows us to get high producing cell lines very rapidly. We know how to make antibodies. We are one of the companies that can do this from end-to-end seamlessly. And so I'm optimistic that we can expand from the initial numbers we talked about and continue to manufacture.We have had inquiries from multiple other companies about perhaps wanting to manufacture a cocktail when we have good data and we suspect maybe the government may want that to happen as well, where we can expand through collaborative efforts and sort of take the unprecedented step of letting some of our technology outside the company for this purpose as well, because that's what probably will need to be done.
Leonard Schleifer: You can be sure we're getting together with our collaborator Sanofi on this and going to look carefully about how to move this forward and how to compete well with the data, we have and other data we want to get.
