Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Ryan, and thanks to everyone joining today's call. Regeneron delivered another strong quarter marked by continued execution across the company, which drove double-digit top line growth and notable progress across our innovative R&D pipeline. Total revenues increased by 15% on a reported basis compared to the prior year quarter, primarily driven by Sanofi collaboration revenues and Libtayo global net product sales, which grew by 50% and 62%, respectively. Dupixent global net product sales were $3.1 billion, up 33%, reflecting strong growth across all approved indications. Non-GAAP net income per share -- diluted share increased by 4%, including an unfavorable $0.77 impact from acquired IP R&D. Today, I will briefly discuss the launch of EYLEA HD, the progress we continue to make across our pipeline, and our latest thinking on capital allocation. I will then hand the call over to George, Marion and Bob, who will provide additional commentary on our pipeline, developments, commercial execution and our financial results for the quarter. Starting with EYLEA HD, which is off to a great start. We launched in late August shortly following FDA approval, and recorded $43 million of net product sales in the final six weeks of the quarter, which compares favorably to recent launches in the retinal disease category. Importantly, revenues were driven by strong initial demand with multiple reorders by distributors before the end of the quarter. In addition, samples for EYLEA HD were made available shortly after the launch, enabling prescribers and patients to trial the product. Early EYLEA HD utilization has come from across the spectrum of wet age-related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema patients, and momentum continues to build as positive real-world clinical experiences accumulate. We have also made significant progress establishing access and reimbursement, and we will continue to work on positioning EYLEA HD, the highest dose anti-VEGF therapy approved by the FDA, as a new standard of care in these retinal diseases. Moving on to the recent progress we have made advancing our pipeline. Within hematology oncology, in our CD3 bispecific platform, the BLA for odronextamab, our CD20xCD3 bispecific in certain lymphomas, was accepted by the FDA and granted priority review, which are -- with a March 31 PDUFA data assigned. We also remain on track to submit a BLA next month for linvoseltamab, our BCMAxCD3 bispecific for multiple myeloma, with pivotal trials now underway for both programs to support potential accelerated approvals, we are preparing for two commercial launches next year. Last week, we reported a potential breakthrough for patients with profound congenital hearing loss. The first patient enrolled in the Phase 1/2 cohort clinical trial of DB-OTO, an investigational cell selective adenovirus-associated viral gene therapy designed to provide durable physiological hearing to individuals with profound congenital hearing loss caused by mutations in the otoferlin gene, experienced hearing improvement six weeks after treatment compared to baseline. We are looking forward to continued follow-up with this patient as well as enrollment of additional patients to further validate this gene therapy approach. While otoferlin gene deficiency is an ultra-rare condition, we are hopeful that we can expand our approach to gene therapy in the year to more common genetic causes of profound hearing loss. Finally, regarding capital allocation. While we continue to prioritize internal R&D investment, given the strength of our balance sheet and anticipated future cash flows, we believe we have the flexibility to take additional actions to drive shareholder value. Beyond our ongoing share repurchase program, we continue to actively pursue emerging science and innovative platforms that complement our core R&D strengths. In addition to the Decibel acquisition, we announced last month an expanded research collaboration with Intellia combining our proprietary antibody targeted viral vector delivery technologies with Intellia's CRISPR platform to jointly explore in vivo programs outside of the liver for neurological and muscular diseases. We have always managed Regeneron with a focus on generating long-term returns, and we will continue to think carefully about how to strategically deploy our capital, with the goal of delivering breakthroughs to patients and value to shareholders. In closing, we had a strong third quarter, the EYLEA HD launch is progressing well, our pipeline is delivering important innovations, and we continue to look at ways to efficiently allocate capital. With that, let me turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. We’re not going to get into the details of the statistical niceties on how you do this. An alpha sparing approach is what’s typical for an interim analysis. We’ll work closely with Sanofi on how to do this in the most efficient manner possible and get to the information as appropriate when it appears.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. So we had a trial in West Virginia, a bench trial, and we are waiting for a decision from the Judge. It’s out of our control, and as soon as it comes, it’ll come. It’s been several months. So it could come soon or not. It’s one of those things where it’s really beyond our ability to predict and control.
Leonard Schleifer: So just to add a small point to what George's eloquent explanation of why Dupixent is such a special drug and the prediction that it would be safe because it's attacking this vestigial part of the immune system, you're looking at somewhere in the neighborhood of three-quarters of million people on the drug, many more than that so that have demonstrated the safety that is predicted by the science.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. So I'll cover the patents and then Marion can cover any additional insight into the marketplace. On the patents, we're involved in litigation. There's a couple of key patents that have evolved in this case that both relate to formulation as well as dosing. On the base case is that, for us, assuming that the exclusivity will expire in May, but we will see what happens in the litigation, which could be an upside, obviously, for the franchise.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. So as you sort of hinted at, what we have realized is that all of the diseases that we are treating with Dupixent really are interrelated diseases that reflect a systemic disorder that is upregulation of so called Type 2 inflammation. And in some cases it manifests in the lungs, in some cases in the skin, in some cases in the gut, and so forth all over the body, and in many cases in most patients, actually in more than one location. And so in every disease that we’re going after, including now, as you mentioned, in ulcerative colitis, we believe that there are a subset of patients who may be marked with Type 2 inflammation in their gut. We are, as you say, indicating, utilizing biomarkers that might select out these patients. And so we’re going to see whether a subset of ulcerative colitis patients are driven by this Type 2 inflammation that’s driving all the other related manifestations of this systemic disorder.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. As you said, we’re very excited about, I guess, two of the approaches that we’ve been taking in obesity. One is our unique collection of targets that we’ve either been the first to discover, like the GPR75 genetically identified target that came from our Regeneron Genetics Center, which is a very exciting new target for obesity, as well as our new approaches such as our leptin receptor agonistic antibody. But one thing we’re doing is moving those programs forward and understanding exactly what their potential is in the field of obesity. But as you said, right now, the field which is dominated by these GLP-1 agonists also is recognizing increasing problems with this type of weight loss, meaning that about 40% of the weight loss is due to muscle loss. That means if you lose 20 pounds, eight pounds of that approximately on average, will be muscle. Most patients will never get that muscle back. This can, over time, especially if patients go off these drugs and regain the weight as fat can create potentially a very large public health problem and dilemma. So we also have been, as you pointed out, very active in the field of muscle preservation and muscle growth agents. We’ve developed some, I think, some of the most exciting candidates in the field that have the ability to do this. And we are certainly considering how to study these muscle preservation and muscle growth agents in combination with existing weight loss agents to see whether we can maintain or even grow muscle in the setting of weight loss. Hopefully, perhaps increasing the quality of the weight loss, maybe even resulting in greater weight loss. But most importantly, making sure that the patients, in terms of their muscle and so forth, do a lot better. And we will be talking about our clinical trials in this area, we hope, very shortly.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Well, as you know, we had one very positive study. We had a second study that actually had a P of 0.049, but for various statistical purposes, just missed meeting its predetermined statistical hurdle. But it’s certainly all the indicators were going in the right direction. And what the FDA indicated that they wanted to see the results of our ongoing Study C, as we call it, to make their decision. And so what we’re hoping is that that study, which is in the same population of the very positive initial study, remember the second study was in these recalcitrant patients who had failed [indiscernible], among other therapies. But Study C is in the same population as our very first Study A, the very positive study. And we're hoping that if we get consistent data in that study, that the FDA will consider and look favorably upon it.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. We have a very large collection of combination opportunities that we're very excited about. The first one that we hope has a chance of really crossing the finish line in a very significant way, in a very seen population, is our combination of Libtayo in combination with fianlimab, putting together these two checkpoints, the anti-PD-1 and the anti-LAG-3. And I think in this case, we believe we have evidence that we have the best-in-class type of activity with both agents separately. And as you've hopefully seen in our earlier stage clinical trials, the data suggests that when we put them together, we really can make a remarkable advance for patients in terms of the number of patients who respond and the extent of their progression-free survival. And we're now, as we announced in a pivotal trial where we hope that we will in the – within the next year, perhaps be able to provide the results from that trial, which might confirm this remarkable advance for patients. If it works in this first-line melanoma setting, it really opens up the door to a whole series of other opportunities both in related melanoma settings, such as an even earlier stage melanoma setting such as the adjuvant and perioperative settings, but we could be moving to other cancers as well with that proof of principle. So that's the nearest term Libtayo checkpoint combination approach. As you know, with our bispecifics, the combination opportunities there are also very exciting, either with Libtayo or with each other. And we have, in that space shown that our individual agents, the important thing is we have now validated so many of our individual agents as having once again the potential for best-in-class type of activity, whether it's our agent for myeloma or our CD20 bispecific in, for example, follicular lymphoma and so forth and so on. But we're also excited about our costim bispecifics. We've released the data about the incredible efficacy in, at early stages that we see in combination with Libtayo. But that one – that one is countered by concerns with immune-mediated adverse events that we're seeing in these patients. It is hard to dramatically increase the extent of immunotherapy benefit without having it associated with increased autoimmune type reactions. We're working very hard on that, and we think, based on preclinical data that the trick may be combining our costims with our CD3 bispecifics where we don't see these dramatic potential increases in the mechanisms that may lead to immune adverse events. So in summary, our checkpoint combinations are very near-term. Our bispecifics are single agents have been validated and hopefully will be being considered by the FDA for approval in the relatively near future. And the combinations are beginning to demonstrate exciting opportunity, and we're trying to tune that in order to try to present the best efficacy safety profile for patients.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Maybe getting back to some of the comments that I made before. The collection of so-called allergic or Type 2 conditions, which Dupixent addresses, are all characterized by a systemic inflammatory problem increase in the so-called Type 2 inflammation, which if you look at the science and literature is really of this digital pathway that largely evolved and was one of the most active parts of the immune system to fight things like fecal parasites, which are really not an issue now in the developed world. This part of the immune system should essentially in the modern world be entirely quiescent. It serves almost no role. The problem is it becomes unleashed abnormally to do things that it shouldn't be doing, like fighting allergens or attacking the skin or the gut in atopic dermatitis or eosinophilic esophagitis. What Dupixent does uniquely is that it controls, and the data now demonstrate this, the incredible effect that it puts this useless angry tiger back in the cage where it belongs. And that is why it has this incredible profile of not only efficacy but safety. Because what's shutting down is it's shutting down a pathway that should be vestigial in the modern world that becomes unleashed and attacks all different parts of the body. We believe that any of this current competition that's ongoing doesn't share these remarkable features that give Dupixent its incredible broad efficacy across the spectrum of diseases with its unique safety profile. Because all of these other approaches, including, for example, the OX40 approach and so forth, are addressing different fundamental immune pathways that are important in the immune system's function to do a lot of actual useful things in the modern world, like, for example, fighting viral infections in cancer and so forth. So Dupixent really has a very unique profile, which if we can help explain and if all physicians and patients can understand it, make it the perfect drug for this condition. It uniquely blocks this digital pathway that gets out of control and appropriately and causes disease all over the body. Dupixent shuts down this what should be a vestigial pathway, and it helps disease, whether in the same patients, it could be manifesting in the skin in the lungs, in the nodes, in the gut and so forth, it shuts it down without really untoward effects with regards to the ability of the body to actually fight infections and so forth. In fact, if you look at our clinical studies and some of the data that we published, in many, if not most cases, you actually see unbelievably reduced infections in the setting of the Dupixent treatment. Because what you're doing is you're putting the bad part of the immune system back under control and you're allowing the rest of immune system to do its function. All of these other approaches are trying to attack critical parts of the immune system that have important other functions, and they don't address the widespread problem that occurs systemically and causes all of these diseases. So as you've seen already with various agents, they may work in one of Dupixent indications, but they don't work, they failed in other indications. And if they work, they also often come with the concerns about safety because they're designed to be immunosuppressive, which Dupixent is not.
George Yancopoulos: Including in children, as we know, as young as six months is approved there where it's been demonstrating not only incredible safety but incredible efficacy.
George Yancopoulos: Well, of course, it's both. We do believe that data rules, the best, both efficacy, safety profile, but also convenience profile. And we will be continuing to show our evolving and maturing data, which we believe could result in best-in-class in terms of efficacy, in terms of response rates and complete response rates in terms of safety, in terms of the frequency of Cytokine Release Syndrome and so forth, and in terms of differentiation in terms of mandated hospitalization. So we will be continuing to present our data. Of course, we'll see exactly ultimately what gets in the label and what the FDA supports but there's the potential here for best-in-class differentiation in terms of efficacy, safety and convenience and schedule. And of course, as you said we're also moving with, we think, an exciting program in earlier lines of therapy. And all of this is also going to be combined with the opportunities for our future combinations. We have a variety of costim bispecifics that we're excited about combining specifically with this agent in the Plasma Cell Dyscrasias setting. So we think it's a very exciting opportunity. As you said, unfortunately there's a large opportunity out there because there's a lot of patients that are still in need. I think that if you have the best agent for late-stage patients. A lot of people want to use it. And then if we figure out the best program to demonstrate how it can be utilized in earlier-stage patients that can certainly enhance that opportunity let alone if we come up with one of our magic combos that really takes it to the whole next level.
Marion McCourt: Thanks, Tyler. So let me address the first part and the positive anecdotal case reports we’re getting back really carry across the theme of better vision, better drying than they’ve seen with other anti-VEGF products. They also comment on very frequently the tremendous confidence that they have in the safety of EYLEA and the experience over many, many years. In terms of the switches, it’s early days. We are seeing switches from EYLEA, as you would expect, and of course, we’re the category leaders. So there are more potential patients to consider as well. But we are also hearing switches from faricimab. We’re hearing also switches from Avastin and other products in the category. And the early reports have been quite encouraging. To your other part of your question related to sampling. We do have a sampling program for EYLEA HD. It’s intended to give physicians experience with EYLEA HD in an appropriate way. The program is constructed on an on demand basis. We don’t disclose the number of samples or things of that sort. And certainly that’s not what you were asking. But I can share with you that we have seen a high conversion rate from practices ordering EYLEA HD samples and then subsequently placing orders of commercial product through commercial channels.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So, as a quick reminder, as we get into payer mix, I’ll remind everybody that these are approximates based on typical patterns in the category. It’s a little bit different when you look at a product that just launched, but about 45% of our overall business is in Medicare fee for service. And as I mentioned to you in the call today, we’ve made great progress there, not only in coverage, which is the first step to get coverage, but then taking the extra step to make sure that claims are being paid. So we’re seeing now that 100% of Medicare fee for service jurisdictions have coverage and demonstrated paid claims. When we go over to Medicare Advantage, which is roughly about 25% of anti-VEGF category business, and commercial, which is about 20, what we’re seeing so far. And we are making good progress with payers. We’re seeing that EYLEA HD is being positioned consistently with EYLEA and other brands in the category. And there are plans, as you know, that have a step edit or utilization management. The good news is that EYLEA HD is being positioned consistently with EYLEA and other brands. We don’t see a differentiation there. 
Marion McCourt: Sure, Brian. So I would comment that in an increasingly competitive category, there of course, there's been some pressure on EYLEA. I'd also reflect that in 12 years in the market, it's really modest rebating and discounting if you look at the history of the brand. And of course, that on a brand that has never taken a price increase. But we will continue to be very much watching uptake of EYLEA HD, taking very responsible and appropriate and thoughtful measures on pricing. And certainly, as I reported to early days, we're making some very strong progress in the marketplace in terms of making sure that physicians gain confidence in reimbursement of EYLEA HD as they initiate patients.
Marion McCourt: All right. And on the ranibizumab impact, it's relatively early in their launches, and – but there hasn't been a notable impact to the category. The Lucentis biosimilar shares in the low single-digit area in the third quarter, and certainly the impact has been seen more relative to Lucentis, which has declining share. But certainly, this is not extended to EYLEA HD.
