Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone, who has joined us on today's call and webcast. 2018 marked Regeneron's 30th year anniversary and it was a remarkable year for the company. We are pleased with our pipeline progress, our commercial execution and our financial results. And we remain true to our founding mission of inventing important new medicines for patients in need. EYLEA, the market-leading anti-VEGF therapy approved across a range of retinal disease, continues to grow. 2018 U.S. net product sales were $4.08 billion, an increase of 10% year-over-year. And 2018 global EYLEA product sales totaled $6.7 billion, an increase of 14% year-over-year. We continue to invest in retinal diseases and are pursuing new indications new formulations and new molecular entities. We have a PDUFA date in May for diabetic retinopathy without diabetic macular edema, or DME, and our submission was based upon our Phase 3 PANORAMA trial, in which we were able to reduce vision-threatening complications of diabetes. In 2018, we made progress fulfilling Dupixent's pipeline in a product promise by showing efficacy in additional diseases and patient populations. The clinical data continue to support our scientific hypotheses that Dupixent targets the molecular drivers of allergic and atopic deceases. In its first approved indication adult atopic dermatitis, Dupixent is now annualizing above $1 billion in net product sales in the United States alone. George and Marion will provide more detail, but let me emphasize that we are still in the early stages of the Dupixent opportunity with hopefully many more launches in new diseases, geographies and age groups. Finally, despite the remarkable accomplishments in the nascent field of immuno-oncology most cancer patients still don't benefit from this approach. We believe that the comprehensive and differentiated strategy that George outlined for you at the JPMorgan Conference is already beginning to deliver on its potential: to bring the hope and promise of immuno-oncology to many more patients. In September 2018, Libtayo became the third FDA-approved PD-1 antibody and the first FDA-approved therapy for the treatment of advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. In December at the 2018 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting or ASH, we presented new data for REGN1979 our wholly-owned CD20xCD3 bispecific, which we are advancing this year into potentially registrational studies. We simplified and amended our immuno-oncology discovery agreement with our collaborator Sanofi. In the new agreement, we will continue to collaborate on the Libtayo as well as our MUC16xCD3 and BCMAxCD3 bispecific antibody programs. For the rest of our immuno-oncology programs including our co-stimulatory bispecifics Regeneron retains exclusive rights. In summary, in 2018 we continue to build upon the foundation that we established over the last 30 years, which positions us for future continued success as an innovative biotechnology company. And as I said at JPMorgan after 30 years all of us at Regeneron feel that we are just getting started. With that, I will now turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: So it's a highly competitive space. So we're not going to get too much into our thinking on C5. But as we get down the road, I think our strategy will emerge. I'm going to let George of course deal with the CD28 question.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, I think as we've indicated and as we've shown in our presentations in follicular lymphoma, the results are so impressive. We certainly think we're in the right dose range. And with the DLBCL, we are now getting the sort of activities that are starting to approach, one might be seeing, with CAR-T-type therapies and so forth. So we certainly think we're in the right sort of dose range. And as we said, we anticipate being able to start pivotal studies in both of those settings this year.
Leonard Schleifer: And I would add to that Geoff the -- having the multiple approaches such as an approved PD-1 CD20xCD3, the costims that George mentioned and all the others, even some that others may have, under one umbrella one program I think is very powerful and efficient way to be able to move forward.
Leonard Schleifer: I think as Marion had mentioned maybe in her prepared remarks, but if not, just to reemphasize, a lot of factors of the allergists had a great experience with DUPI in atopic dermatitis and they might make up the fraction of prescribers. Not necessarily because they are treating patients with comorbid conditions although they can and that's in the label and they very well might. But the fact that they've had experience in another highly allergic disease has been so positive I think that that's having a nice halo effect for us, particularly amongst the allergists.
Leonard Schleifer: So obviously from our point of view, from the market opportunity we always like to focus on the most severe patients, which is why George mentioned go after or perhaps peanut allergy first or maybe later you go after people who are children who have highly food allergies, having difficulty driving, we certainly are all aware of anecdotes of people on Dupixent who tell us they were allergic to this and they've been taking it for their atopic dermatitis and now they're not. Obviously, that could be wishful thinking, but it's a sort of thing that we want to study. But I do agree you are correct. In the severe up polyallergic – poly-food allergic individual the uptake there could be quite strong. So that's going to become an increasing focus as we get through these initial trials that George referred to grass and peanut, but plenty more to come.
Marion McCourt: I am happy to comment on asthma. So I gave you some information today on what is very early in the launch and favorable indicators. As I look at your question on asthma growth opportunities for the future, we do see that as very important. It's not the only Dupixent growth driver asthma describe the atopic dermatitis growth opportunity in adults and with FDA approval potentially with the adolescents this year. But back to your question on asthma, what's most interesting in these early stages of launch is the response that we're hearing from both allergists and pulmonologists to the differentiating profile of Dupixent. Both in terms of its clinical efficacy, the established safety profile and then also there's very, very important factor of patients being able to self administer or at home administer, that coupled with the fact that for some of these physicians, they're treating patients that have co-morbidities such as when other Type II diseases occur with asthma. So again it's very early days, but we feel good about the early launch. And I look forward to giving updates in the future. I'll also remind, just in terms of size of patient population for asthma biologics, it's about a 1 million patients. But to-date only about 100,000 patients have been treated, eligible asthma patients with Biologics. So it is a market with tremendous opportunity.
Marion McCourt: So happy to comment on the Libtayo launch. First and foremost, incredibly important because Libtayo is the first product with the approval that I mentioned earlier this morning on four CSCC patients with metastatic and advanced disease where previously they didn't have a treatment therapy. So we've had great interest. To your question on the targets of our activities. We've certainly seen uptake in appropriate way albeit early in the launch from some of the most prestigious academic centers. And we see that on a geographic basis across the country. Similarly we're also seeing uptake, secondarily in more community, large hospital settings that has sophisticated oncology, and also in some instances move surgeons in their practice. I'd also comment that as we look very carefully at the launch, I reported today on 15 million ex-factory sales, I mentioned that it is demand driven. This is not a product with a lot of inventory building and what we are seeing is that each month we're showing progress in terms of demand for a Libtayo. So early days we're pleased. The payor and access coverage as I mentioned went quickly and was very well managed by our team, so we feel very good about the launch of Libtayo. We're working very hard on it.
Marion McCourt: So our label, Cory, as you know, includes both moderate and severe patients. It's not unusual that early in a launch we'll probably tend to get some of the type of patients. As I mentioned, we skew a little bit more towards biologic-naive patients, then switches of -- at this point, that have heard discussions of both and see evidence and the data of both. But on – I think we'll have to give it a little time, so I can give you a more robust answer on patient types and uptake of the launch. But certainly, we think the product profile that I've reviewed. In summary, the efficacy, the safety, the ease-of-use and the interest of the two major prescribing audiences of allergists and pulmonologists suggest that we have an important indication and a significant opportunity ahead.
Marion McCourt: So the numbers that I gave you in NBRx those were combined numbers. And of course, you know the timing of the asthma launch for obviously covering the last couple of months of the year. I don't have specifics for you at this time of NBRx broken out by indication. But as we move further into the launch window and have additional experience, we will probably be able to get some additional insights on what the splits are starting to look like.
Marion McCourt: Well, I don't know about the market opportunity. For us, it always starts with the science. And I think that if you look at the science and is relating to what I was just talking about before and how all these allergic conditions seem to reflect the systemic probation of the immune system. And interleukin-4 and interleukin-13 seems to be the central drivers of the immune deviations that's leading to this incredible uptake in allergic disease in general and food allergies in particular. And based on our pre-clinical studies and actually a lot of other science as well, these two interleukins could be the central drivers in the whole process. And we believe that there is a possibility that we could be making fundamental difference in the many patients who are suffering from food allergies. And we of course are midst of important study collaborators at immune to explore this. We think that the data from our grass allergy study will also very relevant because desensitization approaches whether they are for food allergies or for aero allergens in some ways depend on the same sort of mechanisms. And we believe Dupixent is right centrally key in those and we'll see what the data shows, because we have these ongoing studies and depending on the data, and if it seems to hold true to the science, it could be important opportunity for so many patients who are suffering for these problems.
George Yancopoulos: Yeah I think there's a whole field of pseudoscience that somehow seems to think that the problem with getting responses in solid tumors have something to do with antibodies not having access. Actually, if one really looks carefully and objectively at all the data, if anything there is better access to the tumor immune blood vessels become actually more permeable and leaky in the levels of natural antibodies as well as administering antibodies is actually much higher in those settings. So that has nothing to do with our strategy or our approach. Our belief and I think the overwhelming science argues that the lack of response to has much more do with very specific immune recognition issues. And that's exactly what our co-stems do. They add another level of activation specifically targeted against tumor which will add to the immunotherapy benefits of either, for example checkpoint inhibitors such as PD-1 or the more conventional CD3 like bispecifics. So it's all about properly manipulating the immune environment to attack the tumor. And the problems have really nothing to do with antibody access and whether you're using a full-length antibody or something that's smaller. And certainly, all you have to due to understand that is look at the performance of our CD3 bispecific compared to for example smaller bites. And that I think – even cross study shows that the activities are really not at all limited by the size of the reagents. And that's about it.
George Yancopoulos: Well, I think that it's a mix of course. But as you can see from our whole new class of bispecifics the CD28s, we I think are leading a whole new approach that will allow for an entirely new group of combination opportunities. And particularly as we tried to explain, the opportunity to now activate immune responses and activate the ability of checkpoint inhibitors like the PD-1s to actually help in cancers that historically have not been viewed as immune responsive, which is, as you know, the vast majority of them. So we believe and I think a lot of other people now believe that we have one of the most innovative and leading-edge approaches to combination opportunities and that certainly having Libtayo as our foundation, approach is only going to help these novel approaches trying to extend the benefit to many more patients in need.
George Yancopoulos: And just like EYLEA has an opportunity really paradigm shifting in terms of having the opportunity to really change the practice of how you treat high risk diabetic retinopathy patient. I think Dupixent in asthma in particular, but in all of its settings has a real opportunity paradigm shifting, because I think there's increasing appreciation that all of these so-called allergic or atopic disease are really systemic conditions where the body's immune system has gone awry and gone in the wrong direction. And the data is starting to build up that Dupixent is really addressing this systemic probation of the immune system. And as we accumulate more and more data more and more clinical studies and more and more indications this may become increasingly clear and increase the opportunity. This is really a paradigm shifting where you can really change the course of an immune system and how it's gone wrong: by correcting and correcting it in all of its manifestations, not just in one tissue and one organ which is how historically medical community treats diseases. So I think in the long term, Dupixent really has an opportunity a very paradigm shifting in this space as well.
