Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Michael. Very good morning to everyone, and I echo Michael’s sentiment here on the East Coast. I hope you are all safe from the storm. 2016 was an important and eventful year for Regeneron and one where we achieved significant progress on the commercial, research and development fronts. We currently have eight late stage Phase III programs and a total of 16 product candidates in clinical development. Our science driven approach has remained unchanged. As we look at 2017, we remain confident that we are well-positioned to reap the benefits of our long-standing scientific endeavors. We expect to new major drug approvals in the United States this year. First, we are anticipating regulatory action in the United States at the end of March for dupilumab, or Dupixent, our breakthrough IL-4, IL-13 blocker for moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. We believe that, if approved, Dupixent will change the way doctors are able to treat their moderate to severe atopic dermatitis patients. Secondly, we expect regulatory action by the FDA for sarilumab, our IL-6 receptor antibody for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. We are happy to report that just last week sarilumab, now also known by its brand name Kevzara, was approved by Health Canada. Strong preclinical data as well as our positive findings from our studies in atopic dermatitis, asthma and nasal polyps indicate that IL-4 and IL-13 signaling is a key pathway driving many allergic conditions and diseases. You will hear further details from George about our dupilumab development program. We are keenly focused on ensuring that the anticipated Dupixent launch in the atopic dermatitis indication is a success by all metrics. I personally in addition to the teams at Regeneron and Sanofi have engaged in fruitful discussions with payers, and we remain optimistic that Dupixent, the breakthrough product, will receive good formulary coverage when approved for the treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. We will also be working rapidly to advance dupilumab in asthma. And if the readout from the ongoing Phase III study is positive, we anticipate making a U.S. regulatory submission in the fourth quarter of this year. Combined with our other ongoing and planned studies of dupilumab in allergic diseases, we believe that this product candidate has the potential to gain approval in multiple allergic disorders. EYLEA remains an important product for the company, and we continue to defend and extend the franchise by focusing on new indications like nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy and combination studies with Ang2. Bob Terifay will discuss this further on the call. For the full year 2017, we expect U.S. EYLEA net sales year-over-year percentage growth to be in the single digits. As we further diversify our product related revenues stream, we do not plan to provide EYLEA product sales guidance after 2017. Turning to Praluent. This has been a terrific week for patients with high LDL cholesterol. First, the LDL hypothesis was validated for PCSK9 inhibitors with positive outcomes data reported by a competitor. We look forward to completing our own outcome study towards the end of this year. Second, just yesterday evening, we were granted our request for a stay of the injunction pending the appeal. Praluent will continue to be available to patients in the United States, meaning that patients and doctors will continue to be able to choose the best PCSK9 inhibitor for their needs, including the use of a low 75 milligram option which only Praluent provides. We remain committed to ensuring that patients who can benefit from Praluent will continue to have access to this innovative therapy. As for the ongoing litigation, we strongly believe that the controlling law and facts support our position that Amgen's asserted patent claims are invalid and we look forward to pursuing our appeal over the coming months. Finally, before I turn this over to George, I want to note that we have started to recognize students in our first-year as sponsors of the 75-year-old Science Talent Search, the most prestigious high-school talent competition. As many of you know, this program was previously sponsored by Intel and before that by Westinghouse. Over the last few weeks, we were excited to recognize our first group of 300 Regeneron Science Talent Search Scholars and 40 finalists. We believe programs like this are essential to ensuring a strong science talent pipeline for generations to come. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, it’s a blinded trial. It’s a single injection either with EYLEA alone or in various combination arms, and we believe that the 36-week data is going to provide us the best opportunity to really evaluate the value of adding angiopoietin-2 to EYLEA. And that’s how we’ve designed the study.
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Geoff. No slow at all. Let me just address the question -- your question and generally about our guidance here. First of all, I remind you that this will be the last year that we do individual product guidance. I'm not a big fan of being in the forecasting business, we’re in the drug discovery, development and optimization business and forecasting is always somewhat tenuous. A lot of people have been concerned about how we get to the guidance and why is the range single digits which can be rather broad. You have to remember, we are a science-driven company and when you look at all of the errors in the estimates of things that can go into it such as market share, anything that could happen in government policy, negotiations, our ability to hold off any growth of Avastin, any market forces that require increase gross to net. When you put all of these puts and takes, if you will, it does become somewhat of a blizzard which obscures the landscape and it's very difficult to feel comfortable that we can make -- give you precision that you would like when there are too many estimates in there that when -- that you could -- when you put them all together, the precision is just not there. So it is the fifth year of this products. We've grown rather substantial and we do think there’s growth also to still be had with new indications, and also, obviously, growth outside United States with Bayer. But as the year goes on we'll see how this all plays out.
Leonard Schleifer: Let me deal with the opinion, the legal opinion, I think that’s what you are asking related to the injunction. By the way it was not a preliminary injunction, it was a permanent injunction, which is what you get at the end after a jury trial. A preliminary injunction is something you might get before a jury trial which was not sought in this case. We read the opinion which is available online I think you can probably find it linked to our press release, and what the court said is that as is typical in all cases when they are determining whether to upset, if you will or put a hold on an injunction that a lower court issued, that they consider four factors, and these factors, the first factor relates to the question of whether you've made a strong showing of a likeliness to win on the underlying appeal; and the second factor has to do with whether or not you will suffer irreparable harm if you don’t get this stay during the appeal. And third factor has to do with how this affects the other party and the fourth factor has to do with how it affects the public. From the way that we look at the actual opinion, the court said that the first two of the factors are the most critical and that is whether Regeneron and Sanofi have made a strong showing of a likelihood of success in the merits and whether or not we would be irreparably harmed. And they said, based on the submissions and the papers that they felt that we met that standard and we were entitled to an injunction to be stayed. So, I think that’s all we know at this point. Now, we are moving forward on a somewhat accelerated basis. The briefing -- our opening brief on the underlying appeal that the judges were talking about when they said whether we made a strong showing of our winning on the success, that’s what they are talking about. We're going to now go, try and win on the success on the merits. I hope that answers your question.
Leonard Schleifer: You’re welcome, Mark. Nice to hear your voice as well. Look, I don’t have a particularly unique pipeline into what the president is thinking here. We take him at his word for what he said that he thinks that the U.S. is paying too much and is not negotiating. I think, as he gets deeper into the policies, I think, he is going to find that in fact that we do negotiate prices for Medicare drugs. We just do it with individual Medicare carriers rather than one negotiator. I think that my own perspective on this is that what’s going to happen here is a little bit more of a nuanced dialogue that says that the public is going to recognize and I think the president recognizes that this is a very, very hard business. Innovating and discovering new drugs that can really change people’s lives either how long they live or what the quality of their life is -- is something that’s extremely hard to do. On the other hand, it doesn’t do us any good to do all that if we can’t get these drugs to people who can actually afford them. Where I actually think that, there will be some consensus in Congress, which is this is going to take Congressional action, I believe, I think, there will be some consensus in trying to deal with how much of the payments individuals are making for drugs. The co-pays or coinsurances are really what I think most problematic for the people. And that I think that people are beginning to recognize that the skin in the game that the government wanted for a lot of this has gone a little too far making it hard for people, literally to get the drugs. And I think some relief there will be forthcoming. But at the end of the day, the attention probably will be and it's just my guess is, on somehow setting standards that breakthrough drugs ought to be rewarded and price increases that are not -- that are unrelated are uncoupled from innovation, will be pushed back on. Anyway, at the end of the day, we're going to have to figure out how to protect incentives through innovation. And in -- not matter what we think coming back now to Regeneron, I think Regeneron is extremely well-positioned because I think the winners and losers in our space will be those that are really viewed as the true innovators. If you can come up with a product like Dupixent hopefully which will be approved towards the end of this quarter where you can change people's lives, that is always going to get value for you. So maybe I'll just stop there and take the next question.
Leonard Schleifer: Yeah. I'm not going to get into the granular basis of how we came up with our assumptions, Ying, because as I said, you start to add them up and you wind up with lots of errors. So, it isn’t like one thing drove it versus another. So, we'll keep you posted on a retrospective basis, how our market share is doing, but predicting that it's just -- it's very difficult. George can address the Novartis trial.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, and I will just say that, look, this is a hard business and when you load of the eye with a lot of drugs, which is what they're doing, they are going to have to show that they don’t get inflammation, they are going to have to show that you don’t get hypertension systemically which was seen in some of the earlier trials and you just don't know, so we will have to wait and see and we will look at their data, but as George said, I'm not sure that the way that they have set up the trials will accomplish anything more than we’ve already have data for, so we will see.
Leonard Schleifer: Chris in a word, yes, we think that the constant price increases and the magnitude of them are a reflection of several things, one somewhat tone deafness on the people taking these huge increases and somewhat of complexities of the system about how all of these rebates work, and I think some of this is being unwound. So, we do have sort of a three-part strategy if we get Kepzara to market, which we expect we will. One is to provide it as a reasonable alternative to anti-TNF therapy either in first-line or after failures. The second is to try and position it if we can as the preferred IL-6 agent based on the profile of the product. We’ll have to see how doctors respond to that. And by the way, there is this growing market for monotherapy, which I think as you mentioned we do have attractive data in. So, monotherapy -- that is without methotrexate, which is not the most well-liked drug, to be frank -- is a growing part of the market. And the third part of our strategy is the one that you just referred to, which is that there is an opportunity to come up with more responsible pricing. That’s all that I should say at this point.
Leonard Schleifer: Yeah. So, a good question, Robyn, and thanks. The PCSK9 story will be a case study, and there are lots of views on this. And the complexities in the context that they were launched following the Hep C struggles that the payers and manufactures had makes that somewhat of a unique story combined with the fact that you had a market of pennies a day fabulous statins which really could serve a lot of the market obviously. In our drug, Dupixent, this is a whole different story. First of all, we have outcomes data now. The outcomes data are the endpoints. People’s skin and their itch is really a big deal are getting dramatically better. And I think that -- so when you’re starting with that, that’s very important. You're also going into a field which the FDA has said it's a breakthrough, we think it's a breakthrough, I think my discussions with the payers, their people think it's a breakthrough. And most importantly, the patients and their doctors believe this is a breakthrough. So, that’s a whole different kettle of fish than when you're dealing with a drug, for example, a cholesterol-lowering drug where people are not even sure they want to have their cholesterol lowered, or if it was any good to have their cholesterol lowered. We believe it was, of course, but there was this pushback. Here with this drug, people want this drug, people need this drug, I think that the data are remarkable consistent across all of our trials, it really is a breakthrough. So, we have had very productive conversations meeting with payers who I think have been receptive to trying to not make is always so adversarial. And look, we have a role, they have a role and we can spend a lot of time pointing fingers at each other, like a lot of people do, and farmers running around saying, well, the middleman has taking too much of it and the middleman is saying that the prices are too high and their patients are wondering what is hell is really going on, or we can try and work together and come up with a breakthrough product that has responsible pricing and good solid formulary access without significant barriers to the right patients getting the drug. I am an optimist and I base that optimism not just based on my genetic makeup, but on the fact that I've actually had conversations with the most senior leaders of the most important payers and I have felt that we've gotten a very good reception to our approach. So, I'm really looking forward to telling you the details when we launch and to getting this product to patients.
Leonard Schleifer: Right. So, it’s a little bit early to answer the question on how we are going to differentiate. We know that the trials are slightly designed differently in different patient populations but we haven’t seen any data yet whatsoever, all we have heard is topline data so we have to wait until we actually get our data and analyze carefully the data that’s been presented. George, you can comment.
Leonard Schleifer: In terms of appropriate questions -- appropriate patients, I think that was actually Bob Terifay, who had mentioned that, I think what he is saying is that, we want people to be have the maximally tolerated statins before they go on to choose Praluent to further lower their LDL, assuming that they have the appropriate cardiovascular -- atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. In terms of getting more patients through the system, I think this will be driven both by doctors. There are obviously some doctors who have been waiting for outcomes and, therefore, and only using, let’s say, in their most severe patients with severe hypercholesterolemia. But now I think that that may change. So, you might get more drive and more prescriptions coming through. I also believe that with OUTCOMES data the payers are not insensitive to the change in the science, and they will evaluate this and think about the various barriers that are in place. And I believe they may lessen some of those barriers to make it somewhat easier to get these prescriptions to go through.
Leonard Schleifer: Yeah. I think the FDA has been and should be tough about manufacturing. We rely on our system -- both self-regulated, responsible manufacturers regulating their production and quality; as well as third-party regulators, the FDA -- to ensure the quality of our drugs. We have no problem with that at all. And I think that sanofi doesn’t either, and they’ve worked hard now to improve and get that plant in an acceptable format. We still have to go through the routine pre-approval inspections -- routine in the sense it’s not a routine inspection; it’s routine in the sense that you have to have it before a drug is approved. But we’ve been through those before as they have, and we’re optimistic and we have worked very hard to get ready for that and expect that we should be able to get through that. If we do, we would expect an approval by the end of the year -- the end of the quarter. Sorry. And in terms of the breakthrough status, actually, that’s been very, very, very helpful. I think it’s a terrific program that Congress devised, because it gets the focus of the people, it gets the staffing on the project to move things along, it gets you more access, it gets your questions answered, etcetera, etcetera. So, I do think that is a good program and my perspective on it is, they don't give that out so easily, they have high standards, and when you get it they do work well with you. So, no gripes from me. I'm not one of those people, when things don't go well, I just blame the FDA, it's just the opposite. I want a test FDA, because I want a high bar, and want a balanced and fair playing field, but I want a high bar so that we're just not in the, if you will, as I said the other day, in the infomercial business and anything you can say is fine and doesn't matter whether the product actually works or not.
Leonard Schleifer: Yeah. Once again, I'm glad you asked the question on the way you did. On a relative basis, the number of patients is substantially higher who have proliferative diabetic retinopathy as compared to those that have proliferative diabetic retinopathy with diabetic macular edema. And so, you open up a much larger group of patients who potentially could benefit from the drug. Of course, this is, sort of, almost treating people who have yet to realize you’re treating people who have eye disease, lots of eye disease, but it hasn't affected their vision yet. And so, you have to convince them that to get an injection in the eye to protect their vision. I think that's somewhat of an impediment, but because -- if you have strong data, the numbers there are much, much larger. Anyway, so I think it's a big opportunity on a relative basis. Let me just close by saying that, for us, we get it. We know how important EYLEA is, but we -- and so we're going to defend and try to extend that. We also get how important it is to make our late stage pipeline a big commercial success. And we have worked very, very hard to get ready for what we think could be a game changing -- and people like to use game changing, breakthrough, all that stuff. But the truth of the matter is, those kinds of products don't come along that often. Where George and his team are able to give us a weapon to address, really almost put your finger on the control system for allergic diseases and do that in a way where you don’t have the immune system dysfunction that you do when you do that, let’s say, for Type I immunologic disorders such as the anti-TNF, which do great things, if think about it, when you control the anti-TNF part of the immune system, you are able to come up with drugs that treated rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, Crohn's disease. Now that’s pretty amazing but on the other hand it came with some risk. On the other side of the immune system, if you can control that the way Dupixent seems to be able to do we might be able to have a drug that can address lots of allergic disorders not just the first one. The way these are regulated and the way they can be promoted are only indications by indication. But there are lots of indications here, you can think of it as we have drug for atopic dermatitis, we have a drug for potentially asthma, a drug potentially for nasal polyps with chronic sinusitis, potentially for food allergies, eosinophilic esophagitis, and so on. And to be able to have that control, okay, without having the side effects profile that you get from the other side of the immune system, the anti-TNFs, I think it's quite remarkable. So, we are extremely excited about that and where the science is taking us there and how the company can evolve from what are tremendous opportunities on that side of the equation and we're not giving up, obviously, we think Praluent, obviously, we're are very pleased when that came out last evening and we are going to fight very hard to get our appeal successfully and to make that an important product as well. And our pipeline with all the things in it in a tough pricing environment, I think Regeneron is really the place to be because you get innovation and innovation is something that will always generate value. Price increases are nice but if you can’t get them you better be able to innovate and that’s our sweet spot. So, maybe, Michael I will turn it back over to you.
George Yancopoulos: Right. And we want to remind you that their study is really just intended to show that some percentage of their patients can get by with every three months dosing. And we've already shown data that shows that a substantial number of our patients can also get by with three months dosing. I think that neither they nor I are advocating three months dosing for every patient. It's just that they're trying to produce data akin to ours which actually shows that a substantial number of patients can indeed get by with every three-month dosing.
George Yancopoulos: And I think one brings up an important point, I mean, they're trying to do it by putting in many, many more molecules of their agent as compared to EYLEA, and to get a rather similar efficacy bar and with that, as Len pointed out, comes additional risks that they are going to have to show that they are not actually causing.
George Yancopoulos: Well, I think that the preclinical data was just very weak for the PDGF class. We had been working on that for 20 years and largely went into that program as a defense as try to -- just in case somehow the anomalous early clinical data were proven to be true. Ang2, the data -- the preclinical data is much stronger, but as you said, EYLEA poses such a high bar for efficacy that it’s a challenge for anything to improve it, especially EYLEA does such a good job on things like retinal edema, which is one of the major causes of reversible vision loss. So, we're anxious to see, testing the hypothesis in patients, we think it’s worth going forward and testing it. We hope for patients’ sake that it is going to make an improvement, but like anything else, I mean it’s a high bar and it’s going to be hard to actually beat it.
George Yancopoulos: And just to remind you, your patient population was a higher risk population post-acute coronary syndrome type population. So, you might expect that these patients might have both a higher risk which is one reason why our study had less numbers of overall patients than the Repatha study, but also that you might have a different degree of benefit in these patients and that it might be represented in different components that comprised of various events of interest.
George Yancopoulos: And there is one important thing though. Whenever we talk about differentiation from Repatha we need to keep in mind that we are differentiated. This is the only molecule that has a low dose option. There are a large number of patients receiving that low dose option and a large number of physicians who prefer to start with that dose. That is how we conducted the ODYSSEY OUTCOMES study.
