George D. Yancopoulos: Thanks, Len, and good morning to everyone. The first quarter of 2013 continued to be a busy time for the research and development teams at Regeneron. Let me begin with EYLEA, which is now approved for 2 indications in the United States, wet AMD and macular edema following CRVO. As you just heard from Len, our partner, Bayer HealthCare, expects to continue filing and receiving x-U.S. approvals for EYLEA in both of these indications in a growing list of countries. A Phase III trial of EYLEA in patients with macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion, or BRVO, is fully enrolled, as are 2 Phase III trials in DME. We and Bayer HealthCare expect top line 1-year results from the x-U.S. DME trial before year-end. As a reminder, outside the United States, DME approvals have been based on 1-year data, in contrast to the United States, which has required 2-year efficacy data. Our third Phase III trial in DME was initiated early this year in Russia and Asia and is enrolling patients. We and Bayer HealthCare expect to report top line data from our Phase III study in EYLEA in myopic choroidal neovascularization, or mCNV, in the next few months, which could form the basis of regulatory filings outside of the United States. Turning to our Phase III antibody pipeline and starting with, alirocumab, our PCSK9 antibody, which is in clinical development for lowering LDL cholesterol. Our broad Phase III ODYSSEY program is ongoing. And as previously announced, we expect top line results from the first Phase III trial, ODYSSEY MONO, in the third quarter 2013. As a reminder, the ODYSSEY MONO trial is comparing alirocumab monotherapy to ezetimibe in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Data for the majority of the Phase III trials for alirocumab, excluding the ODYSSEY outcomes trial, are expected in 2014. Our Phase III program with sarilumab, our IL-6 receptor inhibitor, is moving along as expected. The mobility Phase III trial in patients who have failed disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs, or DMARD, therapy, is fully enrolled and we expect top line data in early 2014. We, along with Sanofi, have also initiated the Phase III target trial, which will evaluate the combination of sarilumab and DMARDs with rheumatoid arthritis patients who are not responsive to or are intolerant of TNF-alpha therapies. This study is intended to establish the utility of sarilumab in TNF-alpha inhibitor failures. Additional Phase III trials for sarilumab are planned to start this quarter. Beyond these Phase III programs, our Phase II pipeline is also advancing. We now have positive data in 2 indications for our IL-4 receptor antibody, dupilumab, formerly known as REGN668. In March, we presented positive data from 2 proof of concept studies of dupilumab in atopic dermatitis at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Dermatology. Later this month, we will be presenting data at a late breaking session of the Annual Meeting of the American Thoracic Society from a Phase IIa study of dupilumab in patients with moderate to severe persistent asthma with elevated eosinophils. We expect to initiate Phase IIb studies in both these indications later this year. In addition to these later-stage programs, we have 7 other antibodies in Phase I, along with several other exciting antibody programs that are in earlier stages of development. I would like to spend a few minutes on 2 of these earlier-stage antibody programs. As Len mentioned briefly, we have now acquired from Sanofi full rights to our PDGF receptor antibody and our ANG2 antibody for ophthalmology. Both of these pathways play an important role in angiogenesis, and their blockade could potentially add to the clinical benefit seen with anti-VEGF therapy. We expect to submit an IND for a combination trial of our PDGF receptor antibody in EYLEA in the second half of the year. We also expect to submit an IND to develop our ANG2 antibody in the ophthalmic setting later this year. As a reminder, the ANG2 antibody is already in clinical development in oncology in combination with ZALTRAP as part of our Sanofi collaboration. While we will not be providing additional details on these earlier-stage assets at the moment, it's a testament to the power of our research and development expertise to have these 2 programs advancing. It also highlights our commitment to maintain a leadership position in the field of retinal diseases, particularly VEGF-mediated diseases like wet AMD and DME. Finally, I'd like to note that we are excited about some of our emerging new technologies that we hope will soon yield clinical candidates, including bispecific antibodies, longer-acting antibody technologies and antibody-drug conjugates. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on the EYLEA launch and market dynamics.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, there's a lot of very interesting biology behind the notion of combining either of these pathways with anti-VEGF pathways, particularly in the eye and for uses in the eye. And we're very excited about having the ability now to have not only potential best-in-class anti-VEGF therapy but also potential best-in-class anti-PDGF and anti-ANG2 therapies, which we can explore both on their own and also in combination and, if need be, in a rather favorable situation, of being able to combine them in a single formulation. So we're excited about the opportunity. It still is, obviously, early days, but there's a lot of interesting biology here.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, as we all know, there's multiple ways that blood vessels can be triggered, can be activated, can be made to leak, can be made to grow. And certainly, there's a lot of preclinical science that implicates the PDGF pathway and the ANG2 pathways in these processes. So I think it's a very attractive position to have these combination capabilities. And certainly, because the proteins that we were talking about combining can be combined, and we have actually done it in preliminary formulation studies, the opportunity is there to combine them into a single formulation to be delivered simultaneously if the science supports that possibility.
George D. Yancopoulos: Historically, the EMA has approved Lucentis based on the results of one 1-year study. So it is possible that, based upon the first year of the Bayer study, they may be able to file. But they have not announced anything about their filing plans.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. I think -- just to amplify on what Len said, I think we have made a really fundamental potential finding here, which is, as you know -- and it's all over the news, there was just a release from the Center for Disease Control yesterday. Every day, you pick up a newspaper, you hear about the increasing rates of various forms of allergic disease in the world, ranging from asthma to eczema and other type of skin allergies, to food allergies, to an assortment of other diseases that, on some level, suggest that there's some sort of allergic reaction going on. And we've long thought that the interleukin-4, interleukin-13 pathways might be critical drivers of this essentially worldwide shift towards what is known as a TH2-type phenotype. And of course, until you actually produce human data, and as Len said importantly, in not just 1 but 2 of these diseases, do you actually think that maybe it is true that this is a fundamental set of pathways that are driving this epidemic towards too much TH2 disease. And since it works in these 2 settings, we're excited about the fact that this could much broadly address other types of allergic diseases as well. So we think there's a very important potential opportunity.
George D. Yancopoulos: All right, Phil. Well, we do think not all inhibitors are made the same, nor do they act the same. And as you know, all these features that you talked about, which are affinity, particularly hitting one receptor and a component of the receptor system that will block essentially with very high affinity, both cytokines, it hits both type 1 and type 2 receptors. There's a lot of differentiation on the biochemistry, which we can't get into the details here. But it's just -- I think it's a testament to the fact that if you create a good antibody with all the right properties, not all antibodies are the same, not all the technologies are the same, you may end up achieving better results in the clinic.
Robert J. Terifay: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. The EYLEA franchise is not only doing very well but is also well positioned for continued growth, both in the United States and outside the United States. In the first quarter, we continued to witness strength in the uptake of EYLEA in the U.S. wet AMD market, both in terms of patients new to anti-VEGF therapy, as well as those switching from bevacizumab or ranibizumab. As a reminder, we received a permanent J code effective January 1 of this year. Our qualitative market research, which comes from position-based questionnaires and was conducted in the first quarter, indicates that in terms of eyes treated, EYLEA now represents 24% of the U.S. wet AMD market, ranibizumab represents 30%, and bevacizumab represents 46% of the market. This suggests that EYLEA hold a 44% share of the on-label wet AMD market. In the first quarter, 59% of EYLEA-treated eyes were eyes continuing on EYLEA from previous months, 25% were switches from bevacizumab and ranibizumab, and 16% were new to anti-VEGF treatment. Drilling down further, these market research data show that EYLEA, in the first quarter in 2013, garnered 24% of wet AMD eyes which were new to therapy, and 58% of eyes which were switched from previous therapies. Of these switches, 55% were from bevacizumab, and 45% were from ranibizumab. In our survey, physicians report positive clinical responses to EYLEA that meet or exceed their expectations in 70% of treated eyes. In a majority of the remaining patients, it's too early to assess response to therapy. Physicians now estimate that wet AMD, on average, patients -- wet AMD patients, on average, receive 7.5 doses of EYLEA in their first year of therapy, including 3 initial monthly doses, and 5.4 doses in the second year of therapy. In macular edema following CRVO, the second indication for which EYLEA has received approval in the United States, our qualitative market research indicates that during the first quarter, we now have a 21% share of treated eyes. As you've heard, we've updated our EYLEA U.S. net sales forecast to $1.25 billion to $1.325 billion for the year. While we had 14% growth in these sales in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter last year, we expect to see a slower rate of growth for the remainder of the year, as a greater portion of our sales are now coming from existing patients and many of these patients are moving to less-frequent dosing. Lastly, we've recently started to see an impact from the sequester funding cuts on some retinal practices. Specifically, under the sequester, payments for Medicare Part B drugs such as EYLEA were reduced from 106% of the average selling price to 104.3%. This reduction has led some practices to reduce their use of FDA-approved anti-VEGF therapies for retinal diseases. Turning now to the x-U.S. portion of our EYLEA franchise, where we split profits 50-50 with Bayer HealthCare, first quarter net sales were $65 million. While by the end of March, EYLEA was available in over 15 countries, first quarter sales were primarily from Japan and Australia, where Bayer reported market shares of 48% and 42%, respectively. Over the course of 2013, we expect Bayer to embark on launches in additional countries as regulatory and pricing approvals for EYLEA in wet AMD are achieved. In addition, applications for marketing authorization for EYLEA for the treatment of macular edema following CRVO are pending in Europe, Japan and other regions. Bayer has estimated peak sales of EYLEA outside of the United States of EUR 1 billion if approved in the expected indications of wet AMD, CRVO, DME and Myopic CNV. Turning to ZALTRAP or ziv-aflibercept. Sanofi reported sales of $14 million for the quarter, which is down from the fourth quarter of 2012. This decline is largely related to a 50% reduction in the effective net sales price in the United States effective November of 2012. Now that ZALTRAP has been approved in the EU, we look forward to continued x-U.S. launch rollouts over the course of 2013. With that, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Murray Goldberg.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. So in terms of the compounding legislation and its impact on physician prescribing, so far, it has had very little impact on physicians moving away from Avastin. That said, we have seen the market shifting away from Avastin towards the branded products since the launch of EYLEA. And on average, we see about 10 to 12 accounts -- new accounts that come to EYLEA each week that are generally smaller accounts that were using Avastin, were not using Lucentis and now have -- our sales representatives have been working with them, helping them figure out how to deal with the distribution and the carrying costs, et cetera. And so we are seeing an increase in our penetration of the Avastin market, but it is not related to the compounding.
Robert J. Terifay: Many of the practices feel that they're working on a fairly thin margin in terms of their office staff that has to handle the products, the receivables, et cetera. And so that's really where the concern is, that they're just not making sufficient enough money to cover the costs of using the branded agents. So I think, largely, right now, the physicians are seeing the sequestration as something that will lead to them thinking more about using Avastin.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes, so Ted, we said 7.5 doses in the first year, including the 3 loads, and then 5.4 doses in the second.
Robert J. Terifay: So Geoff, as you know, we received a temporary Q code in the middle of last year, which really brought us to very fast turnaround times from the Medicare providers. So we haven't seen a dramatic change in turnaround since the J code, since we were already being pretty -- processed as a specified agent in the Medicare system since July. With regards to the Avastin, we have seen a gradual decline since launch. In the launch timeframe, we had -- Avastin had about a 60% to 65% share of eyes. And that has now come down to 46%, so it continues to go down gradually.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thank you, Murray, Bob, George and the rest of the team. We are proud of what we have accomplished so far this year but also recognize that we must keep innovating. With that goal in mind, we will continue to invest in our R&D and our technologies and strive to deliver on our pipeline. We look forward to upcoming commercial, regulatory and clinical milestones in the remainder of this year. Thank you all for joining us this morning. And with that, let me turn the call back to Michael.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, good questions. We probably don't want to anticipate either of those questions with answers. So we'll give you a free pass to ask a different question, Terence, if you like.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, we're at the end of the preclinical phase in preparing for filing of the IND sometime later this year.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Right. So it's -- in terms of the number of patients, if you look at our filings, we believe that -- you can find them on ClinicalTrials.gov -- that the aggregate of our trials will provide an adequate database for us to file. I'm not going to give you a specific number that we've discussed just for competitive reasons, but our trial is designed to meet the number and meet the requirements for demonstrating safety and efficacy. In terms of the market size for asthma, resistant asthma, allergic asthma, atopic dermatitis, at this point, we would just say they are very large market opportunities. Sorry about not being able to quantify that at this point.
Leonard S. Schleifer: We certainly hope. It's hard to predict how this is going to go. The launch is off to a great start. The IMS market share data in the countries, primarily Australia and Japan that have gotten going first, look great. There's lots of market awareness for the product. I think people are excited for the product, and we're looking forward to a successful launch. Avastin is less of a factor outside of the United States, so we're really in a head-to-head -- rather than a three-way fight, we're in a head-to-head battle with Lucentis, and so far, very good.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So these are the questions that are better posed to Bayer. They should be the spokesman for that level of detail, and I'm sure they'll be happy to address them for you.
Leonard S. Schleifer: It's hard to predict. There's lots of data out there that people have tried -- try all sorts of different dosing paradigms. We kind of hope that people stick to the label. There are some people who are concerned about overtreatment. We're obviously concerned about systematic undertreatment. But I don't know we have any information yet. It's too early in our launch to know how people are going to use EYLEA. Even in the second year, we barely have people, small numbers, so it's a little bit early for that. Sorry.
Leonard S. Schleifer: That's based on physician estimates, obviously, not actual chart reviews. The technical question about shares outstanding, I think it's you.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Okay, great. Well, let us stop by saying we appreciate your time and interest. We do appreciate this week the work of the selection committee of the S&P 500 people. We're proud to be in that group. And we look forward to continuing to update you through the rest of the year. Thank you, operator.
