George Yancopoulos: Thanks. Great question. As when you block with other approaches like bimagrumab, you're blocking over a dozen members of the so-called BMP, GDF family and so forth. And that raises the concern because only a couple of those are actually involved in muscle preservation that you may end up doing more harm than good. What we have identified over the years is we identified 2 members of this very large family of almost 20 factors, which 2 are specifically involved in muscle preservation and we created antibodies to each of these 2 individually.  And we're testing these antibodies individually as well as together. And obviously, in this field of obesity, safety matters almost as much as efficacy here. So we believe we have the best program that is testing specifically just the specific members of this very large family that are involved in muscle preservation where they're blocking either one or both together is going to benefit the quality of the weight loss in terms of preserving muscle and maybe even causing more fat loss while creating hopefully the best possible safety profile. So we think that's a big difference between our program and other programs that are blocking as I said, almost 20 different members that are involved in all sorts of things from growth factors for the bone marrow for red blood cells, controlling all sorts of things from clotting to liver function and other things and so anyway, that's the major difference in our program. 
George Yancopoulos: Well, just to remind you, if you look at our paper where we did the nonhuman primate studies and so forth, is the first thing we're going to be looking for is there is the very real possibility of increased weight loss. And that might be the simplest regulatory endpoint of all. After that, if we don't see that, but we see better quality of weight loss, that could be manifested in a variety of ways, though we, of course, recognize that those would perhaps create more complicated ways of being regulated. So obviously, if you increase the fat loss while preserving muscle you should have dramatic benefits in metabolic parameters, which are often used in the field, particularly in people with diabetes and so forth as well as ultimately in terms of function by having maintenance of function as opposed to losing function and maintaining those sort of functional endpoints.  So the simplest path might be simply weight loss one could then move into metabolic parameters or muscle actual functional outcome measures. But to us, the most important thing in the Phase II study is to really just demonstrate the quality of the weight loss in terms of fat versus muscle because ultimately, if you're preserving muscle and increasing the fat loss, it has to be much better for patients, and it may avoid a lot of catastrophic long-term effects of widespread GLP-1 use and so if we see that, we think that we have a real opportunity to turn that into real widespread benefit for patients using this class of drugs. 
George Yancopoulos: These are great questions. We hope from the first few patients if the results are as dramatic as they are in the preclinical studies that we'll be seeing meaningful indicators that we are really reversing severe food allergy. Of course, the first thing and the most important biomarker, as I said, is this evil immunoglobulin IgE, which you can both measure, but they are also routinely tested using these skin prick tests, which are how people are actually evaluated for allergies.  So we expect, first of all, to be seeing that happening in the study in obvious ways. And then we can follow that up, and it is allowed in the study if we see dramatic responses in these markers of the actual allergy-causing immunoglobulin to then go on and do actual food challenges and so forth in the patients. So it all depends on how obvious the reductions in this [ IgE are ] and if they are really dramatic, we can go on and do additional allergen-challenged tests. But we hope if the humans behave like the nonhuman primate that we might be seeing something dramatic in the initial patients. 
George Yancopoulos: Yes. The interesting thing is the animal study suggests that the antibodies against the allergens come back as  IgG, G for good antibodies. The whole point of -- if you guys are familiar with so-called immunotherapy or desensitization therapy, all of those therapies, what they're trying to do is induce production of IgG to overwhelm the IgE. That's a much harder thing to do because they're not really getting rid of the Ig. They just have to overwhelm with a lot more IgG. In the animal studies, it suggests that we get rid of the Ig and we replace it with IgG. We don't know, obviously, in the humans, it may be possible that short-term treatment, relatively short-term treatment, may allow patients who have replaced their IgE with IgG, and they will have long-term protection.  On the other hand, we may see that to prevent these patients from making Ig and more IgGs in the future that they may have to stay on the Dupixent for substantial long periods of time. The good news about that as we all know and as was highlighted in Marion's comments, Dupixent compared to most other immunomodulatory agents, it's not immunosuppressive. It actually is corrective for the immune system. And as indicated by its labeling to very, very young patients, it's a very, very relatively safe immunomodulator and biologic. And since most people who have severe allergies also have a lot of other concomitant atopic diseases.  It may be that it is best for these patients to keep their abnormal atopy or abnormal type 2 inflammation under control. So short answer is it's -- there's a possibility it could be relatively short term, but there's also a possibility at least for some or the majority of patients, it could be relatively long term. But the good news is that they may actually have a long-term benefit for the patients because these patients are almost by definition, what you call atopic patients who might need control of their type 2 excess inflammation. 
George Yancopoulos: Right. That's a great question. Obviously, the thing that gets us excited about our program compare to the field is that we've seen levels of activity that haven't been seen in the other LAG-3 programs, particularly in melanoma. If that's true in melanoma, there would be hope that this would be seen broadly in other settings and indications. We are certainly excited to see the follow-up details on the BMS story with potential activity in a specific subpopulation that will certainly help point us in our own studies to see what we're seeing within that subpopulation that they are talking about as well as more broadly. But of course, the hope, as I said, is if it is indeed more active in one setting such as melanoma, the hope is it will be broadly more active across other cancer settings as well. So we are excited to see follow-up on their data. We're excited to see follow-up on our data, both in melanoma and in our lung studies. 
George Yancopoulos: Yes, these are all great questions. What we've already actually shown based on a variety of studies that we've done is that normal nonmalignant noncancerous plasma cells, the cells that are the immunoglobulin factory cells are the normal versions of the cells are much more susceptible to the bispecific than our malignant myeloma cells. So in discussions and communications with the FDA, we're actually starting at much lower doses than the doses that are used in the myeloma programs, though there is an intrapatient dose escalation process. So we're literally watching -- we're starting with low doses and we're going up in the doses until we actually hopefully see elimination of the IgE. That said, in terms of the safety, I'd just remind you that the much higher myeloma doses, we came up as Len briefly summarized in this program.  We believe that we have a differentiated program in terms of not only efficacy and hospitalization burden and so forth, but also in safety. We have less than 1% Grade 3 events at those high doses in the much sicker myeloma patients. So we hope and we expect that with lower doses in a much healthier population, that this will be a hopefully pretty well tolerated approach. And a much shorter, yes. We think that ultimately, we make it by with a single short course or a very short course of treatment. In terms of whether if somebody takes a holiday, whether one has to then start all over again with the elimination of the IgE cells, we think probably not because it takes a long time to get to those levels of IgE.  So just delaying for a short period of time, we may not bounce back to those levels. As I said, you may have converted all of those cells to IgG or good sales by that point anyway. But of course, we have to be doing the studies, and we have to be looking at these patients in the clinic to really understand. When I -- I should mention that the Grade 3 events that I was talking about are reflected by cytokine release syndrome. A lot of that is also thought to be -- due to the load of the cancer cells. And obviously, these normal patients have much less of a load here. So it's just another reason to expect, hopefully, better safety. We're going to be going with lower doses, more gentle treatment, and they have much less load in there, so you would expect much less reason to be seeing things like cytokine release syndrome. 
George Yancopoulos: That's a phenomenal question. And first of all, let me remind you that with our long-term collaboration and recent acquisition of 2seventy. 2seventy had exactly the sort of CAR-T programs that you're referring to in lupus and other autoimmune settings, which we are now obviously pursuing together with them but that is one of the reasons why we were excited about turning the collaboration into a situation where we brought all the expertise and the scientists and leadership from 2seventy in-house because we're doing exactly what you suggested. We're hoping to actually literally look in side-by-side studies, how CAR-T approaches in these settings of autoimmune, severe autoimmune disease like lupus and so forth, compare directly head-to-head to our bispecifics. And as you are sort of suggesting, you would think that there would be really little reason to think that the CAR-T solutions would be preferable in this setting, both in terms of off-the-shelf mess and the ability to eliminate the normal cells. As I said, it's usually a lot easier to get rid of normal cells than it is malignant cells. So whatever advantages you might have in certain settings of CAR-Ts you would think in the normal disease setting or at least normal cells in autoimmune disease settings that bispecifics might be just as good, much more convenient and much safer. So together with now our internal Regeneron cell medicines group that has involved a lot of the expertise and leadership of 2seventy, we're exploring that exact question.  I should also say that as clearly been announced by the company and is available in our public disclosures, we have already initiated separately a variety of studies looking at our bispecifics to decrease autoantibodies and autoimmune diseases in other settings as well. So we were already looking at this, but now we're looking at these in direct comparison to our CAR-T approaches with our now internal Regeneron cell medicines efforts. 
George Yancopoulos: Well, there's always the possibility of disease modification. We actually believe, for example, Dupixent in asthma may be doing exactly that sort of benefit. One of the best ways of actually looking at that is looking at overall loss of lung function over time because, as you know, in these lung diseases as Marion said, in both asthma and COPD, these are diseases of the lungs followed largely by pulmonologists, the same sort of doctors and it is well known that in both of these diseases over time, patients start permanently losing lung capacity and lung function. We are and have been and have early data suggesting that Dupixent may prefer that in asthma, and we'll certainly be looking at those sorts of things for not only Dupixent but itepekimab in the COPD patients in terms of modifying disease and long-term preservation and prevention of this otherwise unstoppable lung function loss. 
Marion McCourt: Sure. So let me take the inventory item first, and then I'll come back to the overall marketplace. But this was in aggregate. As I mentioned, in the quarter, we saw a reduction in wholesaler inventory broadly of about $40 million. So that reflects market-wide. But that was a combination of 2 elements. It was a sequential drawdown of EYLEA inventory that was partially offset by a modest increase in EYLEA HD inventory ahead of the permanent J-Code on April 1. And then I would share on the overall market in all the categories where we participate, we're always very conscious of the segmentation of the market, targeting the market, what's occurring in terms of customer base and certainly, our strategies and our approach to the marketplace is reflective of that. And the range of customers we have, as you point out, in retina and how that market has evolved over time. And I think our commercialization approach has been very effective in addressing that market evolution. 
Marion McCourt: So certainly, we look forward to the potential launch of Dupixent in COPD. There's such unmet need and such opportunity to help those patients with an eosinophilic COPD. Our team, as you know, is very experienced with launches in Dupixent. So work is very much underway at Regeneron and also with, obviously, under our collaboration with Sanofi to make sure that we apply the best practices and launch of new indications.  I will share that many of these physicians have already experienced use of Dupixent with tremendous results. We've made great progress, as you know, in asthma leading in new scripts and certainly making tremendous overall performance strides. But we will be very thoughtful on how best to reach physicians, how to make sure that we're aligned with reimbursement and affordability for patients, educating in the way we've come to understand is best for Dupixent in the various markets and indications that we've entered. So we look forward to this opportunity. 
Marion McCourt: Sure. So we're certainly preparing for the potential launch with the August 22 PDUFA date. And we're really excited because as I've mentioned before, the recent data reinforces linvoseltamab as potentially a best-in-class product for late-stage myeloma patients. So it's a wonderful opportunity to extend our oncology franchise in the new disease area. 
