Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Ryan. Thanks to everyone joining today's call. Regeneron continued its track record of strong execution highlighted by double-digit revenue and earnings growth in the second quarter along with important advances across our broad pipeline. For my remarks today, I'd like to briefly review some of the key performance drivers for the quarter and then discuss near-term pipeline opportunities. After my remarks, George will provide further updates on our pipeline. Marion will then review our commercial performance. And finally Chris will detail our quarterly financial results and discuss updates to our full year guidance. Second quarter 2024 total revenues grew 12% to $3.55 billion, primarily driven by sales of EYLEA HD in the United States. Higher Sanofi collaboration revenues reflecting the continued strong performance of DUPIXENT as well as robust growth for LIBTAYO. EYLEA HD generated $304 million in its third full quarter on the US market and continues to outperform recent launches in the anti-VEGF category. Net product sales for EYLEA HD and EYLEA combined were $1.53 billion, representing a 2.3% growth compared to the prior year. We are encouraged that despite increased competition in the anti-VEGF space, we have achieved a strong EYLEA HD launch trajectory while maintaining our category-leading combined EYLEA HD and EYLEA market share of 45%. Our efforts to bring an EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe, the United States market remain a high priority, and we are tracking towards a potential pre-filled syringe launch by early 2025. In summary, we continue to position EYLEA HD as the new standard-of-care for retinal diseases based on its differentiated clinical profile, coupled with strong familiarity and satisfaction among retinal specialists. DUPIXENT global revenues grew 29% on a constant currency basis to $3.56 billion, reflecting strong growth across all approved indications, age groups and geographies. In June, the European Commission approved DUPIXENT for COPD in patients with raised blood eosinophils, marking the first global regulatory approval for DUPIXENT in COPD. This approval enables DUPIXENT to address the approximately 220,000 eosinophilic COPD patients in the EU that are currently uncontrolled on maximum and eligible therapy. The approval also represents the first biologic approved to treat this disease. We continue to work with the FDA regarding its ongoing review for this indication and expect their decision by the September 27 PDUFA date. We and our partner, Sanofi, are prepared for US launch that many pulmonologists, respiratory key opinion leaders and their patients have been eagerly anticipating. There is a high unmet need in COPD with Type 2 inflammation with approximately 300,000 eligible patients in the United States and our potential launch represents a significant driver for DUPIXENT's continued growth. LIBTAYO global net product sales were $297 million in the second quarter, an increase of 43% on a constant currency basis. Despite intense competition, LIBTAYO has maintained its leadership position in non-melanoma skin cancers, while making impressive inroads in non-small cell lung cancer. We are also pleased with the progress we have made in establishing an international commercial footprint to support LIBTAYO and other future products following our purchase of full global rights to LIBTAYO from Sanofi in mid-2022. Regarding linvoseltamab or BCMA by CD3 bispecific for relapsed refractory multiple myeloma, during its review of the linvoseltamab BLA, the FDA informed us that the third-party fill/finish manufacturer for linvoseltamab had unresolved findings from a preapproval inspection for another company's product candidate. While we now believe these findings have been resolved, a reinspection will be required, and therefore, we anticipate any potential FDA approval for linvoseltamab is likely to be delayed beyond the August 22 PDUFA date. The FDA has not informed us of any approvability issues for linvoseltamab related to safety, efficacy or the status of our ongoing confirmatory trial. More broadly on our pipeline, we are excited about several upcoming readouts later this year or in 2025 to further inform programs that could support significant long-term growth opportunities which George will discuss in a moment. In closing, our pipeline continues to generate innovative and differentiated opportunities and now has over 35 programs in clinical development spanning several distinct therapeutic areas. Our commercial team is executing well with our in-market products and is building momentum in competitive categories. Finally, we continue to prudently deploy capital with the goal of delivering long-term value to shareholders. With that I'll turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: I'll take the third-party issue and George can cover or Marion, how people are thinking about a BCMA approach and where it might fit in the longer term. There's been a lot of third-party filler type and manufacturing issues with lots of CRLs across our, the biopharmaceutical space. As you know, we had one last year with HD EYLEA and this was a case where the FDA was inspecting our filler for a different product. And they found some observations the observation is needed to be remediated, but because of the nature of the observations, a reinspection is necessary, we believe, based on what we've been told is that the observations have been remediated. But since there's a reinspection required, it might not get done, it's likely not to get done in time for our PDUFA date. That's why we called your attention to that. This is an industry-wide kind of issue. I think the FDA is, in fact, having planning some sort of public hearing on these sorts of things. We're working with the FDA because this is a priority review application to see how we can resolve this in this expeditious manner as possible. George or Marion, do you want to cover these.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, I would just add, this is Len. I would just add that we're not limiting ourselves, obviously, just to the last line. We are trying to move this aggressively either in monotherapy or in combinations to much early lines of therapy. The rule of thumb has been in cancer that you tend to get more responses as you move to earlier lines. But this would be quite remarkable given what George just told you about the amount of responses we're seeing in the last line. So we're very excited about moving this forward and we'll go -- we'll keep you updated as we do that.
Leonard Schleifer: I mean the numbers I get are quite staggering. Looking at -- if you just look at the number of emergency room visits a year, it could be hundreds of thousands of millions of people go to the emergency room for food-based allergies. Obviously, a smaller number for actual anaphylaxis. But just to reinforce exactly what George says, if all it takes is an induction in BCMA to induce the process where you can get on to Dupi, Dupi is a very safe agent, and we've got hundreds of thousands, approaching million of patients on the drug. So we know the profile of that drug. So this is all makes great scientific sense. We just have to take our time, do it safely and see how it develops.
Leonard Schleifer: There's nothing in the marketplace related to this lawsuit. And frankly we think there's nothing to this lawsuit. And we have not changed our practice, and we intend to fight it vigorously. And I think once you see our papers in court, you'll get a much better understanding of that.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, it's a great question, and it's one we ask every day here. Is there some opportunity that we are -- isn't resulting from our own innovation that we should be trying to acquire. We have not seen any such large scale. Obviously, we've done some smaller scale and hundreds of millions of kind of numbers or a few million and whether or not we would -- we could leverage any of our in-line products or research capabilities, it's certainly something we think about, but there's nothing that we at the moment for late-stage products see an opportunity for.
Leonard Schleifer: Just to amplify a little bit of what George said the direct oral anticoagulant market is a very, very large market. It's about a $20 billion market. if you could bring to part of that market, most of that market or some fragment similar efficacy, but with a better safety profile then you really have a big opportunity here. So that's what we're sort of focusing on. Can we deliver with one or the other antibody in the proper setting, as George was suggesting a same or better efficacy, but with a better safety profile. If we can give you that, if we can give patients that, then we will be able to really have a big large market opportunity.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, I think I said in my prepared remarks that we're anticipating a launch in early 2025. I'm not sure what the competition is actually going to do about launching, but we're a matter of months, I think, a part if they launch ahead of us. And so I don't think that, that's going to have a significant impact in the marketplace where people really are focused, I think, on the profile of our drug, the durability of our drug, the safety experience they've had with aflibercept, the active ingredient. So we feel pretty confident in the ongoing launch.
Leonard Schleifer: You should think hard about it. That's your job. I don't know if Marion wants to have any comment there.
Marion McCourt: So Tyler, I'll take it in a couple of pieces. Thank you for the question. First, I did want to comment, we were very pleased to report the total net sales of 1.4, excuse me, $1.54 billion in the quarter. Obviously, as you mentioned, that's a 2.4% increase year-over-year. Additionally, I'll just comment a little bit more on EYLEA HD. We certainly are very much in the launch stage. This is our third full quarter of results that we're reporting today. And certainly, we're encouraged that in the quarter, we had a 52% increase in net sales. And certainly, that calculation represents $100 million net sales increase from the prior quarter, which is very significant in this competitive market. So certainly, we are continuing to progress our launch and see it is important. Certainly, EYLEA is an important source of switch patients for EYLEA HD. Next, we see switches coming from faricimab, also avastin, very pleased as well this quarter to report that we're seeing increased use of EYLEA HD in naive patient population. So all-in-all, we see this indicative that EYLEA HD has the potential and certainly the profile to be the new standard-of-care. I think you also asked me about market growth, overall market growth. Let me cover that as well. I would say probably at this stage in the year, we're tracking more on single-digit growth in the category in the midrange as opposed to double-digit, which I think is what was cited in your question.
Marion McCourt: Thanks, George. And certainly, we're very excited about the potential upcoming approval for linvoseltamab. George describes the differentiated clinical efficacy, safety profile that will be incredibly important to physicians. We have a highly experienced hematology team in place and ready for launch.
Marion McCourt: Sure. I'm very, very happy to comment. So certainly, for a portion of the market, fee-for-service Medicare patients, there's open access and freedom of prescribing for physicians. If we go to those areas of the market where there's a payer impact, our teams have successfully opened access for EYLEA HD in a way that covers over 80% of patient lives. So certainly, significant progress has been made and we continue to work through situations where physicians might be having some utilization management or step edits I will share that those are often easily managed when the physician and office staff provide information. But overall, the takeaway message should be that EYLEA HD has a very strong payer coverage. And again 80% of the market where reimbursement is in place.
Marion McCourt: I would just say that as I commented earlier, we're very pleased in our progress in the EYLEA HD launch.
Marion McCourt: So it's always a combination of initiation for EYLEA HD of switch patients and then, of course, naive patients. So I'd mentioned the profile today of switch patients to EYLEA HD, which is very encouraging comes not surprisingly from EYLEA because it's the largest product in the category, secondarily from faricimab. And then the third source of switch patients would be avastin and then there's everything else. But what's really encouraging, as I mentioned in the quarter, is that the utilization among treatment-naive patients doubled from the prior quarter. So we'll continue to see an ongoing combination as does every product potentially, if it's got the right profile in the category, but the evolution of prescribing to EYLEA HD is progressing very well.
George Yancopoulos: Well, we have leptin going forward in a number of different programs. I believe the one that you're talking about is in combination with other weight loss agent. And that's based on results that suggest that the reason leptin doesn't work in normal obese patients is because in those patients who have a high degree of fat and are in fact on the upswing of their obesity profile, their leptin levels are very high. They're already saturating. Once you undergo profound weight loss, the leptin levels drop and you may be getting into the range where the leptin is now providing a signal, which is creating an increased desire in the individual to each. And so in these patients, it may be that some of the weight loss is limited by decreases in the leptin, which is then driving increasing feeding type of behavior. So this might be and at least it's been shown in animal studies to be the situation where leptin might actually be playing an important role. So as you point out, in historical studies in stably obese patients, leptin is already saturated and giving more leptin may not have a benefit. But in these settings where there are falling leptin levels, the falling and low leptin levels may lead to a food-seeking drive and giving leptin in that setting may allow further weight loss on top of that obtained with these other agents, which tend to plateau at a certain point, and that plateau at least based on animal studies may be in part driven by these drops in the leptin. And these studies, as you know, are done in collaboration with a partnership with Lilly. So there -- so we're studying it in collaboration with their agent tirzepatide.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, I'll start and then I'll hand it over to Marion. But as we summarize and we've detailed and as we'll continue to be presented, the efficacy data with our bispecific continues to look like it is leading the field as the data matures, and patients continue on treatment, they continue to progress to deeper and deeper responses and where now we have complete response rates at 50% with, we believe, best-in-class PFS and overall survival type numbers. This is obviously really important because what cancer treatment is all about is trying to eliminate the cancer and getting long-term durable responses and survival in the patients. And we would imagine that this is exactly what patients and physicians are focused about. Other aspects of our profile, we also believe in terms of safety and our dosing schedule and hospitalization burden also, we believe, are best-in-class. In terms of how Marion believes the physician community is appreciating the data, I'll ask Marion to comment on that.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Just a follow-up on what Len said, obviously, this is why we're moving to these trials in these earlier lines of therapy. Obviously, we won't be commercializing those areas until we get the results from those clinical trial.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. So very importantly, what we've done is we've created antibodies that split the mechanism of action. One affects the activation domain, the other the catalytic domain. We have developed in both these classes, the only ones in class or the best-in-class type of antibodies, which are best at actually hitting and inhibiting that target based on all of the signs, a huge amount of genetics in part fortified by our own Regeneron genetics efforts and so forth, it suggests that these two approaches will allow us to separate and optimize optimum efficacy and optimum safety. So it's quite possible that we might actually move forward with both of these antibodies for different target populations in some of which where efficacy is the primary driver and others where safety might be most important. So they're very unique in their mechanisms of action. They really are exploring this target both much more precisely by splitting the mechanism of action, but also more powerfully than competitors that have antibodies that can do one or the other of these things. So we're very excited about these programs. As we said, we have some proof-of-concept studies ongoing and we hope by the end of the year to be able to announce the directions we may be taking either or both of these antibodies going forward in the future.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Well, once again, what we focused on is creating individual reagents that allow us to best dissect the pathway and separate out which are the most important players. As you're aware, other people, for example, are using an antibody that blocks all the pathways, not only the two that we've targeted, but about 20 others that are irrelevant for muscle and we know are known to have a variety of other potential side effects and adverse effects. So we targeted the two muscle specific pathways in this whole mechanism. And what we want to see is which one might have the best efficacy to safety profile that we believe is very important. Once we determine that, we may move forward with either one or both of these antibodies in combination with the weight loss agents or we also have been developing in our pipeline, a variety of unimolecular solutions that will allow a single molecule to do whichever one of these multiple pathways we want to attack in addition to the weight loss pathway. So what we're hoping to do is by dissecting the pathway as precisely and scientifically as possible, allow us to choose between the unimolecular solutions that we can have to follow on. That said, remember, it's not just a matter of amplifying the weight loss because with more weight loss, regardless of pathway you use, you can throw on the GLP-1 agonist, you can throw on GPR antagonist, you can lay on additional pathways. The more rate loss and the more rapidly occurs, which is what patients want, out of necessity because you're mimicking the starvation to get the pathway, it inevitably leads to muscle loss because of why, because of activation of these very pathways that we're looking at. So any approach right now that focuses on rapidly causing weight loss will of necessity because it plugs into evolutionarily conserved pathways of necessity will result in profound lean body and muscle loss, which can be a huge detriment to these patients especially the older obese patient. And by invoking these agents blocking these specific pathways, we may be able to do two things. We may block this associated necessarily evolutionary conserved muscle loss that accompanies rapid and profound weight loss while also perhaps increasing the amount of fat loss, which is what you specifically want to lose. This is what we've now shown in preclinical studies, including through nonhuman primates and these studies that we're embarking on right now should tell us whether all of these pathways, which are incredibly evolutionarily conserved will indeed pertain in humans and whether we really can optimize not only the weight loss, that's not what's important, but optimize particularly fat loss while maintaining the muscle. And we believe we're the only ones who are properly precisely interrogating the pathways and we'll be able to dissect them to decide on which exactly is the best, safest pathway to give the best benefit to the patient.
George Yancopoulos: I think that it's all going to be a matter of the benefit to risk profile once again. And this is what, as I've said in these other programs we're focusing on. We believe, based on all the data that we've shown, that we may have a very safe way of eliminating the actual cells that are causing all these allergic responses and then very safely keep them from coming back by giving one of the world's historically most safe biologics, which is DUPIXENT. Of course, we have to prove this in patients. And so we are starting in the most severe food allergy patients. And in these patients where they have, for example, very high unmet need, very high risks and so forth, it warrants undertaking this approach. The more effective it is, but more importantly, the safer we can prove it is then the broader the population can go. And in fact, if ultimately, we really have a very safe way of eliminating all allergy inducing cells and then preventing their rebound. And remember, particularly, most of these patients are also suffering from other allergic diseases, some of them may already be indicated for DUPIXENT. So you're giving them a drug which may actually be helping them anyway and has been shown to be quite safe in terms of as almost any biologic goes. We may be able to go into milder and milder allergy patients. So we can start and we are starting with the most severe patients we're seeing in these patients with a high unmet need, whether this approach is both effective, but also safe and how safe it is and the safer it is, we can broaden wider and wider. There's also ultimately no need to be limited to food allergies, you can actually eliminate essentially all allergies from the most serious to the most mundane, but it depends on the benefit risk and the safety, which is what we're testing in these initial studies. And for the initial studies, we're taking the most severe food-allergic patients who have a very high unmet need and very high risk profile depending on how it goes there, we can broaden to milder and milder types of disease.
George Yancopoulos: Well, as I said, we're in the stages of evaluating our Factor XI two classes of antibodies that are attacking this pathway in two different ways. We expect I think we've already talked about. One of them will be more effective at preventing clot formation, but potentially come with slightly more serious side effect profiles. The other might be less effective, but much safer. And as I said, we thought it was important to really precisely interrogate this pathway using these two antibodies that are attacking, two different parts. So this is one enzyme. It has an activation domain, a catalytic domain. And by blocking independently the two different domains, we expect to deliver two different profiles each one with the best-in-class antibody. Once we really understand those profiles, we will understand in which directions to be taken either one or both potentially in antibodies. We can easily imagine taking forward, the more effective one, but for a higher-risk patients, let's say, the less effective one into settings where you might want more safety and clot prevention is not as important. So all of this is going to depend on these profiles. And as I said, we hope to get our key data by the end of this year, and that should better define the efficacy and safety profile how they compare to the various existing agents that are out there now and which direction to take them for which indication. So two antibodies, two distinct profiles we hope to better understand them based on our initial proof-of-concept study. And from there, we'll understand where to take them and what the ultimate opportunity will be. But obviously there's still enormous need here for agents that can block, clot and thrombus formation. And so much depends on safety profiles here, and we're very excited about having the opportunity to have these two very related but distinct profiles.
George Yancopoulos: And there are many settings where you don't use certain agents because of the safety profile, which could create whole new opportunities as well.
