Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Thank you, Manisha. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call and webcast today. It has been an incredibly productive first half of the year for Regeneron with the launch of two important new medicines and we are looking forward to continued progress in the second half of the year. EYLEA, a flagship anti-VEGF drug for the treatment of a variety of retinal diseases, delivered strong results in both the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. In the U.S., we experienced an 11% year-over-year growth in net sales during the quarter. We are proud that U.S. EYLEA net sales have grown steadily since the launch in 2011 without ever having taken any price increases. This growth has been driven by new patients and new indications. The launch of Dupixent, our breakthrough IL-4/IL-13 inhibitor for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, is underway. Though it is still early, we are happy to report that the launch continues to progress extremely well, and most important, we have been very pleased with the positive reception that Dupixent has received from patients and physicians, along with the progress we have made with payers. In terms of the pace of the launch, we have seen a steady flow of both prescriptions written for new patients, as well as prescriptions filled for new patients, without any evidence of a bolus effect. We know from patients that atopic dermatitis can have a terrible impact on their lives, so we are glad that we are hearing positive anecdotes about how patients are responding to Dupixent in a manner consistent with the effect we saw in our clinical trials program. The teams at Regeneron and Sanofi have been working together to improve patient and physician awareness, and ensure that those eligible for Dupixent are able to receive the drug. Bob Terifay will provide detailed metrics about this exciting launch. We're encouraged by the clinical progress that we are making with dupilumab in indications beyond atopic dermatitis. The most advanced of these is asthma, where we expect top-line Phase 3 data from a second pivotal trial later this quarter, with a potential U.S. regulatory submission in the fourth quarter of this year. George will address the asthma indication in greater detail. In May, we received approval for and launched Kevzara, our IL-6 receptor antibody for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in the United States. Kevzara marks the sixth FDA approved drug for Regeneron. We are proud that these six approved drugs, along with our pipeline of 17 product candidates, have all been discovered by the scientists at Regeneron. As you all know, it is rare for any biopharmaceutical company to bring a single drug all the way from discovery to commercialization. To have done it six times is a tribute to our people and their efforts. Regeneron discovered drugs had over $1.5 billion in global net sales in the second quarter of 2017. Turning now to Praluent. We are awaiting the opinion of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit following the oral arguments that occurred in early June. We continue to believe that the law, in fact, support our position. Our 18,000-patient cardiovascular outcome study is ongoing and we expect to report data from this study in early 2018. We and our collaborator, Sanofi, are committed to optimizing the potential benefit that this important drug can bring to patients. Our immuno-oncology programs continue to advance. At the June annual ASCO meeting, we presented positive clinical data from our PD-1 antibody program in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. George will provide additional details on these, as well as the progress we are making with our other immuno-oncology programs. We are preparing for a busy second half with multiple important data readouts and continued pipeline progress. You will hear more about that – some of these programs from George. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, Ying, let me just amplify a little bit on the Dupixent question there. Remember, the first question that we all were interested in, would there be a bolus, would there be a large number of patients who would get a prescription very soon after launch, and then the number of prescriptions written go down dramatically. We did not see that. We've seen a very steady number of prescriptions written, as we indicated, somewhere – over the last couple of months it's been very steady on a weekly basis. The way that number could – so we are very pleased that there's no bolus. Obviously, this is what the system, if you will, can churn out right now. How could that grow? We can see in – I'm just talking about on the written prescription side, not the filled side, that that could go – obviously, if we see an increase in the number of prescribers, which takes time, but we are starting to see that, or whether or not the prescribers start to write prescriptions for patients who are not just more severe patients. We're seeing from what we can tell and hear that, as you would expect with the launch of a new class of drug, that patients who have been prescribed the drug, typically are the most severe of the patients. So those are ways that the number could up, but first stop in this was to make sure there wasn't just a bolus and it was all going down, which we can now say at least over the first period of this launch, that's not the case. Next question...
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, it's a little bit early to tell you much about that, but we – of course, we'll try and get all the information we can out of that Phase 1 program. When we have it, we'll make it available. Next question.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: So just very quickly in the interest of time, we can say about a third of the places where decisions have been made, they've been made according to the label and we're very pleased. About another third, just roughly speaking, have made decisions which is slightly more restrictive. They might have – require topical calcineurin inhibitor as opposed to just a topical corticosteroid. A few of those required systematic steroids. And there's still another 35-or-so percent that we're working on, which some of them have automatic blocks and some it just takes time, but we hope to, as we said, get broad access towards the – by the end of the year. Sanofi and Regeneron are working very hard at this, and I think I would have to characterize this based on other metrics we looked at other launches that's going very well in this modern era. Okay.
Robert J. Terifay: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. EYLEA continues to be the market leading product among FDA approved anti-VEGF agents for all that's approved indications in the United States, with a 73% market share in terms of dollars in the second quarter of 2017 compared to 69% market share in the second quarter of 2016. In the second quarter of 2017, U.S. net sales of EYLEA, or aflibercept, were $919million versus $831 million in the second quarter of 2016, which represents growth of 11% year-over-year. Ex-U.S. net sales of EYLEA in the second quarter of 2017 were $542 million compared to $486 million in the second quarter of 2016, which represents growth of 12% on a reported basis. For the second – six months ended June 30, 2017, U.S. EYLEA net sales grew 10% year-over-year compared to the first half of 2016. The overall branded anti-VEGF market in the U.S. grew by 7.4% in the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016. These numbers indicate that EYLEA growth is driven by overall growth in the market, as well as an increase in market share. As George noted, we're preparing for the submission this year of data to the FDA from the second year of our Phase 3 wet AMD studies, which shows that approximately 50% of patients were able to be treated with every 12-week dosing. We are also continuing to enroll patients in a Phase 3 study, a non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy. Turning now to the recent launch of Dupixent, or dupilumab, in the U.S. for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. As reported by our collaborator, Sanofi, global net sales for Dupixent in the second quarter were $29 million. These sales largely reflect end-user demand in the United States, with negligible contribution from inventory build. We are pleased with the way the launch is tracking and the prescriptions are trending ahead above a recently launched biologics in dermatology. As of last week, over 5,000 healthcare professionals had prescribed Dupixent, with over 13,000 prescriptions written. Over the past two months approximately 750 new patients per week have received a prescription for Dupixent from the healthcare provider. During the past two months, approximately 500 patients per week, who are new to the brand, have had prescriptions filled. On the market access front, things are progressing well. As we previously communicated, the two largest pharmacy benefits managers, Express Scripts and CVS, provided immediate coverage from launch with utilization management criteria that are consistent with the Dupixent label. We continue to work with payers to try and ensure that all appropriate patients are able to access Dupixent and expect to have broad market access by the end of the year. Outside of the United States, Dupixent has received the positive CHMP recommendation in July of this year, with the launch expected in Europe later this year. Turning now to Kevzara, or sarilumab, our IL-6 receptor antibody for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Net global sales to the end of the second quarter were $1 million. It is still very early days, given that Kevzara was approved and launched in the United States towards the end of May. The initial feedback from physicians has been positive and we are working on building market access. We have received EMEA approval of Kevzara in the EU, with the launch beginning in August. Turning now to Praluent, or alirocumab. As reported by Sanofi, net sales in the second quarter were $46 million worldwide, with the U.S. accounting for $33 million of the total. While we continue to be disappointed by the uptake of the PCSK9 inhibitor class, we are encouraged by ongoing discussions with payers with respect to improvement in utilization management criteria. Earlier this week, CVS announced that it would provide co-preferred access to Praluent through its CVS Caremark commercial formularies, which cover approximately 25 million lives. We remain optimistic about the long-term potential for this class. The potential resolution of our patent dispute with Amgen and anticipated cardiovascular outcomes data for Praluent in early 2018 could have an impact on demand. We remain committed to our efforts to improve Praluent access and bring this important product to more patients who can benefit. We're also proceeding with our potential regulatory filings and commercialization planning for Dupixent in asthma and REGN2810, our PD-1 inhibitor, in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. With that, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Landry.
Robert J. Terifay: Yeah. EYLEA, as we pointed out earlier, has grown due to a growing in the market, which is partially related to the demographics in the marketplace, and also has grown in terms of market share. We believe some of that growth in market share is related to the positive data we've seen with EYLEA in diabetic macular edema. And in terms of a decline in Lucentis, there is multiple factors that could contribute to it, including any discounting they're doing, which relates to gross-to-net differences. With regards to Dupixent, we have payers coming onboard on a regular basis. As I said, we expect broad market access by the end of the year. Patient claims are still making their way through the pipeline in many cases, so we do expect more perceptions being dispensed. And we continue to educate on disease awareness to let patients, who've been disenfranchised from the system, get back into their physicians and benefit from the product.
Robert J. Terifay: Len, I think it is important to mention that now as these patients are coming back to their physician, we're hearing many of these patients are having very, very positive results in terms of reduced lesions and improved itch, and that is really contributing to patient satisfaction.
Robert J. Terifay: I think it's fair to say that most patients have received one or two prescriptions based upon the timing of the launch. So to talk about adherence, it's too early to get into the specifics of that.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah, I just wanted – this is George. I want to point out a couple things. Despite the mechanics of the healthcare system and reimbursement and rebates and all this, I'd like to think that physicians and patients are still driven quite a bit by how the drugs are actually performing and making a difference in their lives. So I'd like to think that one of the reasons that EYLEA is growing in market share is because of the recognition by physicians and patients of what a difference it's making in their experiences. And I think as Bob points out, we hope to see that the same will continue to be true as we're seeing from the early reports on Dupixent. And I think another very important thing to realize about Dupixent is also the long view. As I noticed in my remarks, we are developing this for a very large number of allergic indications. The data right now, the early data and including pivotal study data is all very promising, so long-term growth in dupilumab is going to be by the recognition that it may be an important drug for many different allergic conditions, starting with asthma and going onward, and moreover that in a single-patient, hopefully, we'll be able to show in convincing way that in single patient it will able to simultaneously benefit multiple of their allergic conditions. And so we think that if the medicine is doing and bringing the sort of benefit that we think it's doing to the patients that that recognition will drive, of course, use because of the benefit it provides.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah. I was going to actually bring up a lot of the same examples as Len just did. In terms of pointing out how really difficult this business is, how it really is so challenging, and it's really such a industry of failure, because the bar is rightfully set so high. I mean, we want to be bringing forward important, effective, and safe medicines to patients, and that, frankly, is probably the single hardest thing that we as a society actually do in terms of discovering and developing products. And while I was reading my comments, I have to say I was shocked and stunned at how productive our people have been over so many years to produce so many product candidates and, as Len said, I'm a big track record guy. Over and over again, we've made the right decisions about which targets, about picking and selecting the right – out of many candidates, the right candidates to bring forward. And over and over again, we more likely than not have been proven right. And I think that this is something that is incredibly vastly underappreciated in this industry, how much of a role institutional knowledge plays and having a senior experienced leadership team that has the capability to over and over again make these decisions and pull on their collective memories to help make these sort of decisions. And if you go anywhere else and you look how long the people who are making these decisions have been around at that particular place, and it's just a couple of years. Here, our senior management team at all levels – I'm not just talking about me and Len and the other most senior people, but we have in general people 15, 20 years who have been leading various efforts and we have enormous collective memory and institutional memory here. And it's only with that then you can have that sort of track record that can lead to the discovery of dozens and dozens of product candidates and be moving them forward, and in more cases than not be making the right decisions and making your bets. And whether it's picking PD-1 as opposed to PD-L1 and picking the right PD-1 antibody or picking IL-6 receptor versus IL-6 and picking the right IL-6 receptor antibody, or picking the right antibody for PCSK9 or picking the right target in the field of allergy, which nobody else happened to have picked in the entire world. This all comes from incredible internal genius and institutional memory that is very rare and, as I said, represents one of the hardest things we do as a society. The track record in the rest of the world is overwhelmingly one of failure. And, no, not everything we do will work, not anything we do will succeed. We have an amazing track record because of this institutional memory and the genius that we have here.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah, I think that, as I described in my comments, the populations are actually very similar. Obviously, when you have such a successful study, you do your best to reproduce it with the least number of modifications and changes. I mean, our first study was rather standard. It wasn't that we did anything so special, other than that we studied both the all-comer population, and then we looked in both the high and the low Eo subset. We designed our study to look in the all-comer population, but we also designed to look in the high Eo population. If our data is limited to the high Eos, it would be a little less differentiating perhaps than we think it might be compared to other agents that are out there in development right now. But as you know, the real excitement is if it's positive in the all-comer population, nobody else has data that shows that a biologic can really affect the all-comer population.
