Justin Holko: Thank you, Tamia. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to everyone listening around the globe. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, and welcome to the second quarter 2021 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website. Joining me today on the call are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Co-Founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Executive Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on today's call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products in this financial forecast and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, intellectual property, pending litigation and other proceedings as well as competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021, which we filed with SEC earlier today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Justin Holko: Thank you, Bob. Tamia, that concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. To ensure we are able to address as many callers as possible, we will answer one question from each caller prior to moving to the next. Please go ahead, Tamia.
Justin Holko: Thank you, everyone. Thanks for hanging in there a little longer today. Bob Landry and the IR team are around today to answer any further questions. We wish you a good end of the week and enjoy the rest of the summer. Please stay safe out there. Thank you.
Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Justin, and thanks to everyone joining today's call. We had an outstanding performance across the enterprise in the second quarter. Not only did our base business performed exceptionally well with strong growth from EYLEA, Dupixent and Libtayo, but we also delivered 1.25 million doses of REGEN-COV for the United States government, fulfilling the entire supply contract with BARDA. We also continue to advance multiple programs across our innovative R&D pipeline with several important readouts. Starting with EYLEA. Global net sales were over $2.3 billion growing 33% compared to the prior year, reflecting recovery from the COVID pandemic impact on the second quarter of 2020. In the U.S., sales grew 28% EYLEA continues to set a high bar in terms of efficacy, safety and convenience. Dupixent also performed exceptionally well this quarter with global sales of $1.5 billion and growth of 59%. This quarter also marks the first time we and Sanofi exceeded $1 billion in U.S. Dupixent quarterly net sales. There remains considerable room for further growth from our in-line indications as well as from potential new opportunities, such as in chronic spontaneous urticaria with CSU where last week, we announced positive Phase III study results. We have additional Phase III readouts in prurigo nodularis, eosinophilic esophagitis and pediatric atopic dermatitis later this year, which could advance our conviction of Dupixent is a pipeline in a product to address numerous inflammatory diseases. In oncology, the entire global net sales were $117 million and grew 46% with meaningful growth contributions from both inside and outside the United States. We also announced this morning that in a large Phase III pivotal study in non-small cell lung cancer, Libtayo, combined with standard chemotherapy reduced the risk of death by nearly 30% and compared to chemotherapy alone. We are eager to share these data with regulatory agencies, which if approved, would dramatically increase the number of lung cancer eligible patients who could be treated with Libtayo. We also begin to see meaningful results from our Regeneron Genetics medicines pipeline. With our collaborators at Intellia, we showed the first ever proof-of-concept in vivo genome editing with NTLA-2001, investigation of CRISPR therapy for transthyretin amyloidosis or ATTR amyloidosis. This proof-of-concept study utilizing systemically administered CRISPR technology for genome modification suggests this approach could have broad applicability across a wide range of diseases. Beyond Intellia, our collaborations with Alnylam and Decibel are helping to form a whole new pipeline for next-generation therapies beyond our broad and diverse antibody pipeline. The second quarter represented another landmark in our efforts to combat COVID-19, which unfortunately, despite considerable rates of vaccination, continues to be a major global health service with rising cases and emerging variants. In addition to fulfilling our entire supply contract with the United States government, we were able to secure emergency use authorization updates for our lower 1.2 gram subcutaneous dose as well as for post-exposure prophylaxis for certain appropriate patients who are at high risk for disease. Utilization is increasing ready and currently more than 50,000 doses ordered per week. We also announced that the U.K. recovery study showed a 20% reduction in risk of death in hospitalized patients would not mounted their own immune response. With these results, together with supporting data from Regeneron study in hospitalized patients that George will discuss momentarily, REGEN-COV has the potential if so authorized to be the first treatment be using a wide spectrum of COVID-19 disease settings from prevention through the hospitalized setting. In summary, our core business is strong and continues to diversify, and our innovative pipeline continues to advance, positioning Regeneron well long-term growth. Now I will turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. Let me just add that implicit in what George said is we're working with the agency to try and convince them that our data is strong. And the agency, obviously, has a lot on its plate, and it's trying, I think, to sort through whether or not these individuals should try a third dose or not of a vaccine. That has to get sorted out, I think. And the FDA has our data. And as George said, we're looking at ways to enhance our data, but we already believe that in a pre-exposure prophylaxis mode, we have strong data, but it's not been authorized by the agency and it's under review.
Leonard Schleifer: So just to be clear, the current authorization allows chronic treatment but allows chronic treatment for people, for example, who are immunocompromised, but are in an institutional setting, working or living in a congress setting where they're exposed to infected individuals we would like to expand that to pre-exposure prophylaxis for the community-acquired infections. That is where immunocompromised people might be able to go out in the community and have some protection. So we do have chronic dosing for the immunocompromised in our current authorization, but that's restricted to this post exposure or ongoing exposure in the known infected people setting, and we're trying to expand that to protect these people in the community setting. It's -- we think the data are strong, but obviously, there's a lot going on and a lot of considerations, as I mentioned before, that need to get sorted out.
Leonard Schleifer: Maybe I'll take that question. The contract we have has been fulfilled. And so the government is going to need to decide whether or not they want to have another contract or they want us to switch over to a commercial model which could occur before or after a regular approval as it did with remdesivir. I think a lot of that is going to depend upon the government's assessment of what they think is the most efficient way to get people to use the product. There's been a tremendous acceleration in use our penetration in terms of addressing what we would say, estimated eligible patients has gone up dramatically to somewhere in the low single digits to almost 25% to 30% more recently in terms of eligible patients getting monoclonals. If that trend continues along with the trend of unfortunately, more cases, obviously, we're going to have to go with the direction that the government wants another contract or actual switchover. Capacity, of course, is always an issue, but we think we're sort of well positioned to continue to supply similar amounts that we've been able to supply and we'll have to look at -- and these demands can change pretty rapidly. And of course, we do have our partner, Roche, who's got capacity that we can perhaps turn to. So a lot of moving parts, Yaron. And the most important of which is what is the shape of the current surge in the pandemic.
Leonard Schleifer: Right. It's a great question, but we're going to have to defer on that one because of ongoing patent issues and what have you. We really can't make a comment. Sorry.
Leonard Schleifer: Sure. So look, what we look at are the shipments from our distributor to institutions, hospitals, med centers and clinics, emergencies, et cetera, et cetera. And we believe, based on some real-world data that about 70% of the daily cases that occur are occurring in people who would be eligible for treatment, either because they're obese or they've got underlying conditions or they're elderly more -- we're seeing more younger and obese, frankly, than we -- than elderly that was seen earlier in the pandemic. So if you take, for example, that maybe it was 100,000 new cases, maybe 70,000 of them would be eligible. So that gives you an idea. I was just looking, Mike, at this to see what our repeat orders were. And the vast, vast majority, I think it's around or above 90% of the institutions ordering have or repeat orders, meaning that they're not people just stocking the stuff to have it around. They're using it up. And that's what our field people seem to tell us. I don't know if Marion wants to maybe add any more or not, but I hope that helps you.
George Yancopoulos: As you said, I mean, we're going to provide the details in future publication and/or conferences. I think it's important to note, as you said, it's very difficult to compare across studies, done years apart. And especially when we allowed classes of patients that were not previously allowed in other studies and so forth. As you pointed out, the median survival numbers are right on top of each other. But as you also pointed out, we had two different subtypes in this study. I can comment in our preliminary analysis, and these remain to be fully validated and so forth. One of the subtypes our hazard ratio was better than what was observed with the KEYTRUDA study and the other one, it was worse. It's important to point out that these things bounce around in these cross-study comparisons. As you know, in other settings, which you try to do cross country -- cross-study comparisons, for example, when you compare our monotherapy results in the greater than 50% PDL population. It looks like our numbers are substantially better in the skin and particularly the CSCC comparisons they're better. So these things bounce around. It's always hard to do these things. But I think the important thing to point out is that in this field in lung cancer, very few have hit in both monotherapy greater than 50% and in chemo combination all comers. I remind you that Opdivo Jens and most of the PD-L1s did. So right now, the only 2 PD-1 antibodies that standalone, having demonstrated overall survival benefit, both in the monotherapy setting as well as now in the chemo combination setting. And I think this really well positioned Libtayo and across all the studies, I think it's -- the definitive conclusion is that it's a very active molecule that looks at least as active as any other agents out there.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Well, we think that certainly, we should be competitive right now. The opportunity for this class, which is obviously dominated by KEYTRUDA right now because up until now, it was the only agent that had this strong data across the spectrum of monotherapy and chemo combination. We think that now we can be legitimate competitors here in the lung cancer space. We see our combination opportunities as future growth and differentiator opportunities. But in the short term, we expect to be a viable competitor now with these data. And in the future, we hope to use the combinations to take the standard of care and elevate results to another level.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. As you said, we think that the immunocompromised population which as I'm sure you all know, represents 3% to 4% of the U.S. population, that several million individuals, a variety of studies are showing that somewhere around 50% or more of these individuals do not respond after 2 or even after 3 attempts with the vaccine. And so these people are left without their own antibodies to protect them. So it's a huge unmet need setting where these individuals will not be protected. And as we're all seeing that it's very unlikely that we will be eliminating spread of infections through breakthrough infections, whether it was symptomatic or otherwise throughout the population for these individuals to be able to live normal lives they're going to need protection. And we believe that the most powerful protection is essentially providing them with these surrogate antibodies that our antibody cocktail provides. We already have very strong data, we believe, to support the notion that this agent can be used in chronic prevention settings, and we do intend to continue to explore future study opportunities where we can further enhance on the already existing data that shows that after the first week or so, we seem to obtain similar upwards of 90% protection against infection in individuals who do not have their own antibodies and are being exposed to the SARS-CoV-2 virus. I think that, that is very strong data that bodes very well that this is potentially to be a very important treatment, particularly for these immunocompromised individuals who do not have antibodies on their own.
George Yancopoulos: I was going to just -- sorry, I didn't hear you speaking there. Yes, we have a very robust effort in neurodegenerative diseases here at Regeneron are not overly excited about some of the antibody developments and necessarily getting into those type of approaches. But we have a lot of things that we're actually very excited about in the neurodegenerative disease space. We think novel ways of addressing targets as well as brand new targets that haven't been discovered elsewhere. We will be discussing these efforts going forward in more detail over the coming months and year.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I have to say that I'm not sure exactly what our results are and quantitatively. But so far, every variant and every strain that we've tested, we retained potency. And so far, there's hopefully no reason to think that's going to change because we prospectively took advantage of this cocktail approaches so that even if one antibody gets minimally affected, the other one can take its place. So we expect to retain robust activity. That said, I think we've also announced that we have second-generation antibodies that are also entering in the clinic where we're going to continue to retain broad coverage. But I believe that as far as it's been tested with Linda, we retain potency there as well.
George Yancopoulos: Well, I think there's a variety of goals, but our major question right now with our first program is we believe that we have a novel approach that addresses not the steatosis component, but the inflammatory component, which is something that really is not being addressed by other approaches, other targets, other agents. So that if we can actually stop or reverse the inflammatory response to the steatosis that will be an entirely different and also potentially complementary approach to what anything that anybody else is doing right now. I think the genetics very strongly point to that. That's what it actually shows that this genetic target affects and that's what the protective mutations are actually showing. So we're excited about looking at this opportunity, whether we can halt or even reverse inflammatory signals, inflammatory processes and thus, actual progression of the disease irregardless of steatosis.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I'll just add a couple of thoughts or points to that is during the last sort of surge, as Len said, we were probably only reaching somewhat of 1% of the potentially eligible patients. We're now well into the double digits in terms of the percentage of the eligible patients that we're probably reaching. And we've had some feedback from some of these institutions where we distribute to where they're actually low on inventory, suggesting that they're not stocking it up.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Obviously, these first-in-human results are incredibly exciting, both in terms of the percent knockdown. And also in terms of thus far in these early days, the observed safety. And as we said, we have two types of broad collaborative program areas with Intellia, both of which we think are greatly bolstered in terms of confidence based on these initial results. We have a series of programs which similarly involve systemic-based approaches to achieve gene knockdown. So obviously, those are chances of success are greatly bolstered by what we've seen with these first in-human results. But we also have, I think, just as if not even more exciting, a CRISPR-based gene insertion program that we're very excited about. And since it depends on essentially overlapping technologies, this program and its chance of success has greatly been increased based on the results we've seen to date. So we think that with the fact that we have so many programs ongoing in our collaboration with Intellia more than 20 programs under evaluation, and we have the ability to move forward quite a few of these. We're very excited that this could really change the practice of medicine and really bring CRISPR-based gene therapy to patients into the world. So nothing to be more exciting from the gene medicines point of view.
Marion McCourt: Sure. And thank you, Geoff. Yes, delighted to comment. We did have a very strong quarter and certainly, EYLEA performance was driven by return of market growth and our own share gains versus competition in capturing that market growth. In order, we did see a return of patient flow to offices consistent with the pre-pandemic period. And there also is the consideration of some patients who may have delayed treatment coming back in. So it's a combination of factors but certainly a very strong performance for EYLEA. As well, to your question related to future growth by indication, we do continue to see diabetic eye disease as the indications that have the highest growth trajectory. So that's balancing out our wet AMD business, which is still the majority of roughly 50%, 52%, 55% of overall use of EYLEA.
Marion McCourt: Sure, Terence. I'll start from the commercial perspective. So yes, we're really excited about adding potentially another indication for Dupixent. CSU is a large opportunity. They're about 300,000 potential patients with disease adults and very limited treatment offers for them today. We will be able to always look at the impact of our educational abilities and promotion by indication. But to your very clear point, we do have a leveraging opportunity here because we're already calling on the audiences that would be required to effectively promote CSU. It's premature for us to say absolutely what sort of additional effort we might need. But certainly, we will be able to leverage our current footprint in all areas.
Marion McCourt: Sure, Geoff. Happy to. So for Libtayo with our first lung indication in mono, as expected, that is the smaller indication. So we're really excited about the chemotherapy combination data that was shared today. And in fact, if I quantify it, that indication in terms of patient potential is about 4 times the size of the mono indication. But what we're doing today in the market commercially is certainly foundational to Libtayo and our oncology portfolio more broadly. I'll comment, we are still the standard of care in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. That was a very effective launch. We now have a competitor in that indication, but we retain our leadership. The basal cell carcinoma launch is also going well. And certainly, the efficacy and tolerability, safety of Libtayo is paramount for those patients, and we offer an alternative where the specialists in that area do believe Libtayo as evolving to become the standard of care. It's early days in lung. I think our team is doing a really good job. And when we talk to the opinion leaders, they're most excited, as I mentioned, about our rapid action, our efficacy even in those patients with stable brain metastases and with the high expression PD-L1 patients. So early days, we are right on track with where we expected to be, but there's a lot more potential and a lot more work to do.
Marion McCourt: That would be the characterization. I think the other thing that's important is we are continuing to educate and to help with some of the bottlenecks that have been experienced early days. So we are seeing growing utilization. And certainly, as Len mentioned, the patient criteria who are eligible for treatment is broad to Len's point, age-related obesity, hypertension, diabetes, respiratory immune issues. So there are a lot of patients who are very much in need of treatment, and we're doing everything we can to help them have availability of product.
Marion McCourt: Yes. The other thing, just to add because we obviously are all over this and get the individual stories. But the 1 thing that is so consistent when patients are doing poorly and then they're treated with REGEN-COV within a day, two days, they see a remarkable difference in the patient status that truly has been rewarding for those on the front line.
