Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Thanks, Michael, and a very good morning to everyone who has joined us on the call and webcast today. Before I turn the call over to my colleagues who will discuss our scientific, commercial and financial performance, I'd like to take a few minutes to give you some broader perspective on Regeneron and our business. Regeneron continues to advance its mission to bring important new medicines to patients in need. EYLEA is our drug used to treat a number of potentially blinding diseases and with millions of injections administered each year, it is one of our most important approved products and continues to grow well globally. EYLEA is now at an annual global net sales run rate that exceeds $5 billion. This has been driven both by the approval of EYLEA in new indications as well as new data that have further increased the confidence of physicians in this product. Thanks to our long-standing belief and investment in science and technology, we are now in the midst of a new product cycle which has the potential to impact multiple disease settings. This investment in science has resulted in PRALUENT, our PCSK9 antibody for lowering LDL cholesterol, and additional potential near-term approvals that could address rheumatoid arthritis and atopic dermatitis. Our late stage pipeline also includes programs in asthma, pain, respiratory syncytial virus and the immunotherapy of cancer. Our earlier pipeline opportunities continue to grow with a total of 15 product candidates currently in clinical development, including seven that we are developing independently, with several more expected to enter the clinic in the near term, making for a pipeline that can address potential opportunities ranging from rare orphan diseases such as fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva or FOP, to emerging infectious diseases, epidemics such as Zika. George will provide specific details on some of these programs later in this call. All of these opportunities are the results of investments we made in science and technology over the last 20 years, yielding a pipeline that is entirely home grown. Our commitment to the long-term is unwavering as we invest in the next generation of technologies to support our future pipeline. For example, our Regeneron Genetics Center and our investment in technologies with companies in the areas of gene editing and cell therapy such as Intellia and Adicet, which are synergistic with our existing capabilities. I should also mention that we recognize that we operate in a rapidly changing environment that poses new challenges to the commercialization of our products, and we continue to try and develop innovative solutions to address these issues. Lastly, we believe it's absolutely essential to attract the best and brightest minds to scientific careers, and to elevate the place of science in our society; therefore we were thrilled to announce in May that Regeneron was selected as the new sponsor of the Science Talent Search. Regeneron is only the third sponsor in this renowned 75-year history of this high school science talent competition, which was previously sponsored by Intel and before that by Westinghouse. George and I are both alumni of the Science Talent Search and we believe the program plays a vital role in encouraging talented young people to pursue a path in science and engineering. With that introduction, let me turn the call over to George.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I would just add in terms of helping you think about it, for us, since this is a single injection of the two antibodies by the physician, that we don't have to have a gigantic benefit. We just have to have something that's clearly beneficial because the hurdle for us to move forward isn't that great because there's no additional burden on patients having to take an additional injection.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I just wanted to add one thing, Jeff. In terms of about the difference between PRALUENT, just to re-emphasize what George already said, which is that most people don't like to think of themselves as sick and they don't like to have to take a cholesterol lowering drug. Oh, I'll fix it with diet or I'll take my statin or what have you. But patients with atopic dermatitis really suffer. It's really made its way into pop culture. There's a new series on HBO – I don't know if any of you have seen it – called The Night Of and the actor, John Turturro, portrays this lawyer who suffers terribly from atopic dermatitis. He has to wear sandals. He goes to a group to discuss all this and it really has a terrible impact on this life. And this, I don't think this is just a TV portrayal. I think this is what we see, that people really suffer from this disease. I think one last point to just add as well is that unlike most other biologics that are immunomodulators where you see in general whether it's the TNFs or a variety of other classes you generally see a doubling of the serious infection risk rate. This appears to be more of an immunomodulator that is correcting an immune deviation. And actually as we reported and as we summarized during this call, there is no increase in infections and in serious infections here. So once again this is an important option that's being offered to the patients in contrast to other alternatives which are essentially immunosuppressing. And to have this sort of efficacy with a non-immunosuppressing agent I think is also offering a lot of hope to patients.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I would add also, to make sure you think about these other diseases as other significant opportunities. There's been a desire to have a drug, like a biologic, that could effect, in asthma, for example, that could treat all patients. That could have an effect both on FEV1 and on exacerbations. And no such drug has been forthcoming as yet, and we're excited that our first pivotal trial demonstrated in the broad population affect both on FEV1 and on exacerbation. So hopefully if we can confirm that in our trial that's just about to be completed in enrollment, think ahead about a year for the trial, and then the data, we could be onto something, a whole new opportunity, which people really are looking for. Something that can treat all the patients, and that can treat both the FEV1 and the exacerbations.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Wait, before you answer that George, I just wanted to make one comment that is, if I went to Broadway and had so many stand-in actors, I would be mortified.
George D. Yancopoulos: This is George. The study design really has two stages. The first is a head-to-head-to-head between the three groups that we described in our call, the combination of the PDGF blocker on top of EYLEA versus EYLEA alone with two doses of the blocker. That's the first stage. As you know, even in studies with hundreds of patients in them, as we've of course seen, we have as much experience as anybody alone and with our collaborators in doing these large studies, there can be a lot of variability in letters gained. So we design the study to include a second stage as well that actually shows the effect of adding on therapy on top within the same groups. That we predict to be a more powerful way of confirming if there are added benefits of the PDGF therapy. So we will have the firs type of comparison, which we consider perhaps to be slightly less powerful in the timeframe that I just described, and then we will also be getting the second stage of data. So depending on how strong the first set of data is, we will either be able to make a decision at that point or we'll be awaiting the results from the second stage to help us and make that decision.
George D. Yancopoulos: With regards to the prior authorization paperwork, some of the payers had prior authorizations that required tens or almost up to 40 questions. It became very tedious for the physicians. So some of the plans have begun to change their prior authorization to be simpler and, again, that is in place in a few payers now. I think the real driver that's going to change things is going to be when we get the OUTCOMES data for the product.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, we consider it very hard to interpret these sort of existing studies because, as I said, we've actually seen with larger studies when you actually repeat the study, four letter differences easily go away. So, we really consider this a very early field and based on a lot of the science, it's really very, very hard to predict what, if any, benefit will be seen here. We do think that our unique two-stage design will end up giving us probably the best data and most convincing perspective on whether there is an added benefit or not. And as Len pointed out, the fact that if there is an added benefit, we'll be able to do it with a single injection and assuming appropriate safety, we'll make it easier to deliver that benefit to patients with this approach. And remember, our approach here, we're combining two very similar antibody-like drugs into a single coformulated injection as opposed to giving two very different types of drugs with separate injections.
George D. Yancopoulos: Okay. Well. The first part is very interesting in terms of the conjunctivitis. We have consistently seen it in our atopic dermatitis studies. We have not seen it in our asthma studies. As you know, there's differences for examples in the way topical steroids are used in the populations and so forth. And we have various ideas about why this may be the case. That said, even though it seems specific to the way the drug is being used in this particular patient population and perhaps with either the use or actually the less use of topical steroids in the treated patients. The comforting thing is that these patients do have, as we pointed out in the call, they do have already a lot of history of conjunctivitis. So this is not really something brand new to the patients. And the conjunctivitis that is seen here on dupilumab seems to be of mild to moderate severity and is limited. Most cases actually resolve during treatment and very few, if any cases, actually lead to discontinuation. So it seems as if the benefit risk is really maintained in the face of this. That said, also in terms of the second part of your question about dupilumab, we think it's a very different situation compared to PRALUENT. I mean, there is a huge unmet need here. Patients are really suffering from ongoing symptomatology and the data actually shows that this symptomatology is actually markedly improved with the dupilumab treatment. So that it seems to us that there's going to be a lot of patients who really are – and we already know – who are going to so positively impacted in their life that they're going to be demanding this drug. And it seems to us that these patients will deserve to have this first systemic therapy that can really make a difference in their lives. Let me remind you that this is – we're talking about the most moderate to severe class of the patients here which are more than 1 million patients in the United States alone, and these patients really have very few other alternatives. And as you see with our data in CHRONOS where we treat on top of topical steroids, the standard of care, very few, only about 10% of the patients or so, become clear or almost clear with topical steroids as opposed to about 40% on the drug. And there's not only, of course, the cosmetic effects of having these skin lesions and so forth and the associated infections and so forth that you get, but there's an enormous amount of itch which drives a lot of behavioral problem and so forth. There's associated depressive and psychological symptomatology here and so forth. And we've actually shown that much of this is actually impacted in our studies. So we think this can be a very important drug for this population of patients and we think that there's going to be a very important opportunity to make a lot of difference in a lot of people's lives, which is what should count in this business. But beyond that, I think that we also have to remember that dupilumab is really a franchise onto itself. The data really suggests that we have hit upon here with blocking both interleukin-4 and interleukin-13, the critical drivers of allergic disease in general. We're hoping ODDYSEY to extend the findings from our first pivotal study in asthma by confirming them with the second pivotal study, and we will also be continuing to study in other allergic diseases, whereas you've already seen we already have some positive data in other allergic diseases in early stage studies as well. So this can benefit not only the allergic and atopic diseases of atopic dermatitis, but we hope to be able to have studies that confirm it to additional allergic diseases as well.
George D. Yancopoulos: And to add to that, in terms of biologics, we do not believe that there's any convincing evidence with any available approved biologics that show efficacy in this disease setting. And as you know, there's also no other late-stage biologics that are promising in this area. So this really has a chance to really be providing something to patients that don't really have any other alternatives at this point.
George D. Yancopoulos: Right. As Len briefly touched upon, a very important feature that of course we're hoping to confirm in our second pivotal study is this point about the broad population. I mean, so far biologics have been limited to the so called, the more allergic or eosinophilic type patients, and is the only places where substantial efficacy has been noted. And it's, as Len said, mostly only with exacerbations and not on lung function. So if we can confirm the results of the first pivotal, it could confirm another major hope for patients who really need these types of therapies.
George D. Yancopoulos: Okay. I think and important point to make is, we really believe in people and we believe in synergies. And we've had long-standing interests to be working with Aya Jakobovits who's really leading Adicet. And obviously, she's been in areas that we've been in. We have enormous respect for her, her capabilities. And so we really feel that we can work well together with her and her team. And number two is the synergies with our existing programs. This is why we make these sorts of deals. We believe that we have a lot of potential tools and starting points for making the sorts of targeting reagents that would be introduced into these cell therapies using our existing technologies such as our VelocImmune and our Veloci-Next technologies which really, nobody else in this field has access to right now. So we're hoping that we put together our unique capabilities that nobody else in the cell therapy space has together with a pioneer and a leader in this area such as Aya Jakobovits and her team that we could really do special things. And I think at this point, that's what we want to say about this collaboration.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah. So it's already been publicly disclosed that we're already in a potentially registration study in a unique indication that we think has a lot of promise for various reasons and where we've already seen early clinical activity in our earlier studies which is cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. And so that is, for example, one setting. We've also identified additional settings. That has been publicly disclosed. We've also identified additional settings that we'll be going into, we hope both potentially with it as a monotherapy but also with new combinations.
