Michael Aberman: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today is Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President, Commercial. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecast, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, which was filed with the SEC this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website, www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thank you, Len. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] The IR team will be available in our offices after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you, and operator, if you could please give instructions and open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman: And if I could add also, it's Michael, we did an IRC, we had a call just a month ago. We presented some of our early market research that did show just unwillingness to prescribe. So if you want to go, I can share those slides to talk about awareness, as well as likely how they're prescribing monoclonal, so we can do that offline.
Michael Aberman: That's great. So thank you, everybody, for participating. Thank you, operator, for helping us with this call. We'll be in our office, if you need anything. Please don't hesitate to reach us via email or by phone. Thanks.
Robert J. Terifay: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin with EYLEA, or intravitreal aflibercept injection. First quarter U.S. EYLEA net sales were $359 million. According to a qualitative market research survey that we conducted in the first quarter, EYLEA continues to account for approximately half of the branded anti-VEGF market in the United States for the treatment of wet AMD. And the brand of market continues to represent approximately half of the total anti-VEGF market in this indication. As previously mentioned, we saw distributors build EYLEA inventory towards the end of last year, which was driven partly by the tightening of our commercial payment terms, beginning in January of 2014. During the first quarter, inventory levels were worked down to the normalized 1- to 2-week range compared to the greater than 2 weeks of inventory at the end of 2013. Putting inventory aside, if we look at sales to physicians from the distributors, we saw an increase this quarter of over 25% on a quarter -- on a year-over-year basis and an increase of approximately 3% over fourth quarter of 2013. While there was quarter-over-quarter growth in sales to physicians, we believe the first quarter 2014 U.S. EYLEA sales to doctors were negatively impacted by severe weather conditions in the United States. The inclement weather made it challenging for patients in some parts of the countries to travel to their physicians' offices. Anecdotally, physicians have reported that in the Northeast, Midwest and mid-Atlantic, the weather resulted in fewer patient visits to physicians' offices. EYLEA is an in-office procedure, and the typical wet AMD as outpatient is elderly, making travel this winter particularly difficult. An analysis of sales to physicians by geography shows that EYLEA sales growth in the first quarter was strongest in the parts of the country that did not experience such severe weather, such as the Pacific Northwest, the West Coast, the Southwest and the Southeast. Turning to the macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion, or CRVO indication, the second indication for which EYLEA has been approved in the United States, data from our survey suggest that EYLEA in this indication represents over 40% of the approved branded anti-VEGF market. The branded anti-VEGF market continues to represent about 45% of the overall market. As Len and George mentioned, we're awaiting regulatory decisions for EYLEA in 2 additional indications: diabetic macular edema and macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion, or BRVO. DME could be as big of a market opportunity as wet AMD. As we have said before, it is estimated that approximately 600,000 patients are diagnosed with clinically significant macular edema in the United States. Of these patients, only about 40% are currently treated with the anti-VEGF therapy. If approved in these indications, we expect an acceleration of growth in the United States' EYLEA sales in the second half of this year. I now like to address the x U.S. EYLEA business, where we split profits with our collaborator, Bayer HealthCare. First quarter 2014 x U.S. EYLEA sales were $218 million. x U.S. EYLEA sales continue to be an important growth driver, and the launch outside the United States is making significant progress. According to data provided by Bayer HealthCare, EYLEA has approximately a 30% share of the market in Germany and is gaining share in the United Kingdom and France, 2 countries where the drug was only recently launched. Over the course of 2014, we expect Bayer to embark on additional launches in the 2 approved indications of wet AMD and macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion, following regulatory and pricing approval in individual countries. Outside of the United States, EYLEA's approved in 61 countries for the wet AMD indication and 40 countries in the macular edema following CRVO indication. With that, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Landry.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. So I think the important point is when you look at the high-risk -- so I think when you look at the high-risk patients with uncontrolled LDL-C, there are approximately 20 million of those patients in the United States. And there is a significant unmet medical need that LDL-C reduction in and of itself is an important goal for patients. I think that the enriched patient populations that are particularly interesting are those who had a history of a cardiovascular event, as well as those who are statin intolerant. Statin-intolerant patients don't have a very effective alternative to statins, and so those -- both of those markets represent significant opportunities, as does the heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia patient population, who are also very, very poorly controlled.
Robert J. Terifay: I'm not going to give you the specifics right now, but there is significant -- physicians, when they see the product profile, are very, very interested in using the product.
Robert J. Terifay: As we said, we believe that the long-term market opportunity in DME is at least as big as the wet AMD market opportunity. At the present time, about 400,000 patients are treated with an anti-VEGF therapy each year for wet AMD. When you look at DME, it is growing year-over-year, but it's currently at about 240,000 patients are treated with an anti-VEGF. The issue is that a lot of these patients are still out with the general ophthalmologist who uses laser therapy in these patients. The issue with laser therapy is that it does affect the visual field for the patient. And so the real challenge for us is to make sure that we emphasize to patients that they need to get a dilated retinal exam as early as possible and regularly. And they need to get to a retinal physician for treatment. And that really is going to be the focus of our launch. But I will tell you that since Lucentis launched in the diabetic macular edema indication, the market has grown.
Robert J. Terifay: Right. So to answer the inventory, as I said earlier, we were above the 1- to 2-week inventory level at the end of Q4. At the end of Q1, we have returned back to the inventory levels below 2. And that is really where we anticipate inventory to be. Although at the end of the year, you do see people buying in, especially the change in commercial dating terms, which led to some people buying a little bit of excess inventory.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Bob, and thank you, everybody else. The coming months will be filled with data from many of our programs, including expected readouts from the Phase III alirocumab program and Phase IIb dupilumab trial in atopic dermatitis, both of which we are doing in collaboration with our partner, Sanofi, and the -- as well as the data presentation of the Phase III sarilumab MOBILITY results, also in collaboration with Sanofi. In addition, we are preparing for the potential approvals and launches of EYLEA in 2 additional indications: diabetic macular edema and macular edema following BRVO. We are working steadily towards advancing our pipeline and investing in novel technologies. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Michael.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Chris, thanks. Len. Thanks for your questions. In terms of the last part of your question, we just never comment about how -- quarters ago and mid-quarters. Just a standard policy here. In terms of the breakdown between weather and inventory, it's hard to do that. Inventory, we told you about, you can sort of quantify that, based on what the information we gave you at the end of last year and this call. Weather is just a guess how much that impacted things, and it's really hard to know, although, as Bob indicated, we saw a good and stronger growth in regions that were not impacted by the weather. This is -- we're just beginning also to understand the seasonality of our business here because up until now, we've been in the really rapid part of the growth of the launch, and you haven't seen -- it obscures any seasonality. When you look quarter of this -- first quarter of this year compared to first quarter of last year, the underlying growth to doctors was still very strong. So that's the information we have, and I know you'd like to crawl around a little bit more, but I think that's all we're going to be able to give you today, Chris. Sorry.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So the PDGF program is early going. And so I guess we'll get -- so when we have them, we'll give them to you. We're just in the Phase I part of this program. So until we get a little more into it, it will be hard to give you some timeframes.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, I just want to reemphasize that our Phase III data that we submitted to the agency was a head-to-head comparison against laser. So we think that data, if the drug gets approved and then gets into a label, could have an influence on practice, in terms of the selection. As Bob mentioned, laser still has a pretty strong legacy. I was at the ARVO meetings and some previous retinal meetings early this year, and basically, the sense you get from those meetings is that laser for center-involved macular edema is really being relegated not to the front line. It's moving more and more to anti-VEGF therapy with the approval with Lucentis in that indication.
Leonard S. Schleifer: George, could you just comment because he made a question whether placebo continues to change over the course of the trial. Is that what we saw or is it...
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So I don't think we want to get into predicting quarter-by-quarter sequential growth rates. I don't think your calculations are wildly off. I don't want to get into the fine details of them. But I think that we did tell you that the sequential growth in the fourth quarter to first quarter was about 3%. And we did tell you that we expect the growth -- the bigger part of the growth would come, subject to the approvals that we have in the latter part of the year. So I think your thinking is good. So maybe that's all I want to say on that. I do want -- as long as we were back on EYLEA, in case we don't come back to it, I do want to say that it's a very interesting marketplace, of course, with lots of things going on. There's still questions about what's going on with compounding. There's still, of course, all the issues related to rebates. And then there's, of course, our poor friends and customers, the retinal docs, who, I think, took a lot of unnecessary abuse with articles in Washington Post and New York Times where they were -- it made it look like that if you needed a loan, you should call your local retinal doctor, and that probably was a little bit unfair because most of that money was being -- going through their shop to pay for either Lucentis or EYLEA. So I just wanted to make a little comment about that. But the bottom line is that the business continues to grow, but we expect the big growth to come in the latter part of the year, hopefully, with the approvals.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. I think once we have the data and it's presented at the medical conference, we'll be happy to share all the detail that we have available. It's not been an issue of any significant concern, as far as I'm aware to-date.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Sure. Stating when you're going to file and predicting and all that sort of stuff, there may be some stylistic differences between the companies and how we approach things, but there are no regulatory differences between the companies. The bottom line is that we and our partner, Sanofi, plan to be ready for filing, certainly, by the end of the year, in both the United States and the EU. In the U.S., it's gated on the progress of OUTCOMES trials and ongoing discussions with the FDA. And so since these discussions are ongoing, we don't want to give you any precise predictions because they might change, as a result of these discussions. But we have no reason to believe -- in fact, we believe just the opposite, that the U.S. regulatory requirements are going to be consistent for different products across the same class. And if anything, we think we have a much stronger package at this point, in terms of 5,000 patient years of blinded data in the non-OUTCOMES study, which, best to my calculation, might be as many as 2 or 3 times more than the Amgen program has, based on what was presented at the recent meeting. So we have a very robust package, which we will be submitting with. And so we're confident that we'll get the same treatment from the regulators as everybody else.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So let me cover on the numbers. To clarify, there are 600,000 patients with centrally involved DME. 240,000 are treated with an anti-VEGF therapy at the present time. Similar to before EYLEA launched, Avastin has the majority of the DME market at the current time. If you remember, when we launched an AMD, Avastin had about 65% of the market. We were able to not just penetrate the Lucentis market but also penetrate the Avastin market. So that is the opportunity in DME, is to grow the market beyond the 240,000 patients and to take share from both agents, both in the new patient starts, as well the switch patients. I would remind you, in our U.S.-based study, the VISTA study, 42% of the patients were prior anti-VEGF therapy. As we presented at ARVO this week, those patients did equally well as the newly diagnosed patients. In terms of the biology, I'll let George address it, but what we see is the DME is a chronic condition and that there is a long-term opportunity for the products, although dosing may change over time.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. I mean, it's complicated, obviously, but -- and we're making some guesses, and so it's obviously a forward-looking guess. But we do feel that based on what happened with the launch in AMD, there will be a reservoir of patients who might be unsatisfied with current therapies and who might consider using EYLEA, if it's approved. And so that reservoir should make for a pretty nice initial uptick, if it goes the same way as AMD went. But, of course, there are other things, and as I said, there are other aspects of this as the lower dose we're is going up against this time as opposed to the -- we have a 2-milligram dose versus their 0.3-milligram dose. We did have data in our study for the Q2 month, so have to see how the labor goes with that. That could be an advantage. Remember, diabetics tend to be younger. Many of them still tend to be working. And so a convenience of -- less of an injection burden could be important. But once again, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Let's -- we can have a really robust conversation about this, after the PDUFA date.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. To that end, we're not announcing what the targets are, but the point being that as Len said, they have an interesting set of technologies and vectors that allow you to target, perhaps, particular cell types. It's a way of, perhaps, getting longer-term delivery of a gene product. And it also allows gene products that maybe can't be delivered as protein to be delivered to the eye. So I think it's a very interesting collaboration. Of course, we note that it's a relatively long-term investment and collaboration that's not going to necessarily be yielding something in the very near future.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. You should go back and just review the Phase IIa data, which was a 12-week study which was presented. And we do think that, that data, we're hoping -- because that data was very impressive, we're hoping to replicate that sort of data into Phase IIb. The 100% numbers you're talking about was in the Phase I study in combination with topical corticosteroids. So the average percent change in EASI over the 12-week study was about 75%. So that means the average percent change in the total patients was about 75%, and the placebo group was about 25%. That was in the 12-week study, as I said, the Phase IIa. And the proportion of patients who achieved an EASI-50 at 12 weeks was about 85% and the placebo group, about 35%. So what we're hoping -- these obviously are very impressive data, which we hope would be replicated in the Phase IIb. And that's what we're looking for. We're looking to get quite similar data to what we saw in the Phase IIa, which was a 12-week study.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, the placebo does go up slowly, but it was a 12-week study. I think Phil was thinking about our Phase Is, which were 4-week study. So the increase from 1 month to 3 months is only about from 25% to 35% in placebo. So obviously, we saw a very big differential with the 85% EASI-50 -- 85% of patients achieving EASI-50 with dupilumab over 12 weeks. So there was obviously a very substantial drug-associated benefit compared to placebo, and as I've said, I think, the hope is that we can replicate them. Just to give you some other outstanding numbers, EASI-75 is the percent of people who had a 75% improvement. It was about 60% in the treated group and only about 14% in placebo. So there's really a relatively impressive drug effect. The same with pruritus scores and every other assessment. And as I said, we only hope that this really represents the -- what this drug can really do and continue to do on patients. So what we're hoping for is to largely just replicate these impressive Phase IIa data.
George D. Yancopoulos: There are slight differences that could affect different aspects of the study, different jurisdictions, more patients, U.S. versus Europe, things like that. But our biggest hope is just to reproduce these sort of data that we've already seen.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. Well, the basic question that you get at in terms of mechanism is which of the side [ph] kinds [ph} are the most important drivers of the disease processes in these various settings? And I think that, mechanistically, what we think is emerging, and in fact we think that our data is really contributing to this, is -- to shed some light on what's going on, in terms of what many view as a worldwide growing epidemic in terms of all sorts of allergic diseases. And we're not just talking about allergic asthma, but we're also talking about atopic dermatitis, but we're talking about everything else as well, food allergies, all sorts of other allergies, seasonal allergies and so forth. They're well documented by the New York Times and the CDC. I mean, there's been this huge uptick in all of these diseases. And one possibility is that these diseases have unrelated mechanisms and unrelated causes, and the upticks are just all occurring at the same time but are unrelated. So we believe, instead, that there's reason to think all of these as essentially variations of the same disease and that it's the same fundamental mechanistic drivers that are skewing the immune system, perhaps due to shared environmental impacts and drivers. And that the same mechanistic drivers are contributing to variations of the same disease and in some people are manifested as allergic asthma, and others as atopic dermatitis, and somebody else as sinusitis and somebody else as seasonal allergies. And we believe that the data suggest that 4 and 13 are the critical mechanistic pathway drivers, perhaps, for all these diseases. And the thing that we think is quite stunning and perhaps unprecedented is to have produced data that shows very interesting effects in 2 important variations of this class of disease, that is allergic asthma and atopic dermatitis, by hitting this pathway. I think that this really does suggest for the first time that, indeed, all of these related diseases perhaps have the same drivers, and that IL-4 and IL-13 are the core pathway drivers. So it may be true that for one or another one of these diseases, a downstream factor could be important because that -- and it may be true for that variance of disease, but not another variation of disease. But it's also quite possible, we're very excited about this possibility, that 4 and 13 could be the core drivers of a large proportion of the allergic diseases that are now being driven.
George D. Yancopoulos: Right. So I think the common to the question was about Roche and Roche's bispecifics. And as you guys probably know, I mean, we're very heavily involved in the bispecific space and we have strong views about it. We think that, honestly, it only makes sense to make a bispecific, when you want to actually, for some reason, bring some targets together or join molecularly 2 targets. It doesn't really makes sense. In fact, it's the opposite of making sense to make a single reagent that can block independently 2 things that are better blocked separately. And why do I say that? The odds that you want to have a single agent that's delivered at the same exact levels to attack 2 different natural molecules that they themselves are probably going to be expressed by the body at 2 widely different levels with 2 different affinities and so forth, it just doesn't make any sense. And it's much better, in fact, to be able to have 2 separate blockers, which you can give at the right proportions, at the right ratios, instead of having to be forced to be giving them in the fixed ratio that the bispecific does. So we are actually always designing bispecifics for the right and the rational reasons. And obviously, we have a lot of bispecifics at various stages in development, including one we hope to be putting to the clinic this year. But those, we think, will be rationally designed and guided, based on the fact that it makes sense to make a bispecific for those targets. For this purpose, we're blocking VEGF and Ang2, it makes no sense to have a bispecific. In fact, it's the opposite of making sense. And we are very much more excited to have the 2 independent agents that will be able to be titrating exactly in their perfect ratios that will benefit most the patients, yet still give them the same injection if that need be.
George D. Yancopoulos: So let me just make a couple of comments. First of all, I agree with Bob. I think, look, our program is under review, so we don't know what our label is going to be. We don't know if it's going to be -- get approved. But assuming that it does, I mean, and we think we have some nice advantages, at least in the design of that program, highlighting what Bob said, obviously, is we demonstrated that there was a lot of people in that program who had previous exposure to other anti-VEGF agents. And also, it's really the only approved agent, if it gets approved, that would have a direct comparison to laser. Having said that, I do think people will be interested in the Protocol T, which is, for those who are not familiar, is a consortium DRCR-led, a study which compares Avastin and it compares Lucentis at the 0.3-milligram dose. I should remind everybody that one of the other advantages of our drug that we've submitted for is at the same dose, whereas the Lucentis had 2 different doses: 1 for AMD and 1 for DME, a lower dose, in the United States. So all of these should play into the marketplace. But I think maybe we should really wait and respect the process and have a lot more to say about this, if we get the drug approved. So let's wait for that before we say any more.
George D. Yancopoulos: But Len, I do think there's another important factor. There's another influencer of the forecast in the second half, which is on October 23, we're expecting approval on macular edema following BRVO, if everything goes well.
