Michael Aberman: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter and Year End 2014 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecast, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, which is expected to be filed with the SEC later this week. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thank you, Bob. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now like to open the call to Q&A. As we like to give as many people a chance to ask questions as possible, we request that you limit yourself to one question. Our IR team, which is now back to full strength, as Manisha is back, and includes Colleen Mackey, will be available in our office after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you, and operator, please, open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman: Great. Well, thank you, everybody. This is going to conclude our call for today, and we appreciate everybody. And as I mentioned, the IR team is available for follow-up. Just send us an email or drop us a line, and we'll get [Audio Gap]
Leonard S. Schleifer: Anymore, you -- we want to get them all before we don't answer them. Bob, maybe you can start with the assistance with DME.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Okay, great. And as far as our forecast, Ying, our forecast is what it is. As you know, the science of forecasting is not the strongest science in the world. Just look what's been going on with the storm of the century that was supposed to hit New York but hit Boston. Forecasting is a tough business, but our growth forecast of 25% to 30% represent our best estimates as of today. Next question, Mike.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So a couple of things. First of all, the actual growth rate is going to be higher this year over last year versus last year over the year before. We grew at 22% in 2014, and we expect to grow between 25% to 30% this year. We recognize that some of those points you mentioned are forks in the road and we're going to stick with what Yogi said when you get to those forks, you should take them. And we're going to onto the next question.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Well, as I said -- I mean, it's very hard to highlight 15 different programs. We have -- as you said, we have proof-of-concept data coming out with this GDF8 antibody that you refer to that could be important for overcoming muscle atrophy in a variety of settings. And I guess we're going to wait for the proof-of-concept data to decide next steps and how exciting it will be. But I think what we're really excited about is the depth and the breadth of all of our programs having 15 antibodies and the fact that so many of them are addressing important unmet needs and could be making such important differences in patients' lives.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Well, as we said, we're talking about moving into a pivotal trial this year here for this program. And that, of course, will be in children. And we think that it could be quite differentiated from the existing treatments out there. In terms of the -- which populations are actually targeted, the number of treatments that might have to be given to cover the individuals and also potentially the extent of the efficacy. So we're quite excited about this program.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So in terms of Protocol T and our guidance, everything we know that kind of went into the mix and what came out was our best guess. But obviously, until we see how -- we're very excited about Protocol T, but till we see how it gets received and how quickly might or might not influence behavior, we hope it will, things could change. So it's our best information, I guess, on the future that we have as of the moment. The second question, I don't think that the first trial in pediatric atopic dermatitis will be a pivotal trial. But of course, we are in a full blown pivotal program right now with multiple Phase III trials going on in parallel and rolling well in atopic dermatitis. We're very, very pleased with how that program is getting kicked off. It's just a recent start. And obviously, we are going into pediatrics with the hope of eventually getting a label in that age group as well because there are a lot of kids there that are -- could potentially benefit.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. We're not going to comment on the ongoing lawsuit, but I'm unaware that Amgen has asked for us to be barred from the market with a preliminary injunction.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Qualitatively, we're hoping for a good launch. Is -- I don't know if that's going to be helpful to you, Jim, but it's really...
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. So in terms of patient assistance, if someone is a commercial patient, we do offer assistance to patients for -- if they have no insurance, we offer free goods. And if they have insurance, but they have a co-pay that they cannot afford, we do offer co-pay assistance. In terms of government-pay patients, we do provide a funding to foundations, who can help patients with their co-pay if there are government-paid patients.
Robert J. Terifay: Well, starting with the Protocol T, obviously, that is not going to be in our labeling. So from a promotion perspective, my sales reps are not going to be able to speak to specifics subsets. As you know in the retinal community, however, there are a number of presentations each year at medical meetings, and so there will be medically relevant discussions of Protocol T. But right now, we can't talk about anything specific to Protocol T until it's presented publicly. In terms of the DME growth, as we pointed out last quarter, the DME market is a little different than the wet AMD market. It's not a market where there is an urgency to immediately treat patients with the most aggressive therapy, given that the threat to vision is slower. So we do expect the DME growth to be very gradual over time. And we continue to educate on the need for dilated eye exams, the need to get to a retinal specialist and results of our clinical studies are very encouraging. We do expect to see growth in DME, but it's going to be gradual.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes, just a add to that -- I mean, even though there is individual programs, 15 different ones, some of them go across multiple disease areas, obviously. And some of those potentially, as George has talked about in other forms, represent franchise opportunities. So, for example, the Bispecifics that George and team have now realized in terms of making them and putting them into clinical trials, if we can get that franchise going, there's some real opportunity for us to become real leaders in the field of immuno-oncology because, obviously, you can use a plug-and-play strategy there, where the first one maybe targeting CD20, but the others could target whatever target you might be interested in. And some of that will be part of work we do with Sanofi. So we're actually pretty excited about -- just one of these represent another whole order of magnitude or franchise behind it.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. As I said, Geoff, it's hard to tease out the DME portion of our business relative to the AMD business. We are seeing a pickup in reported usage in DME, but I can't give a precise market share right now.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, we like to not focus on any one thing, but on the depth and numerous opportunities that we have -- just today, I guess, we talked about the fact that we could be into 2 additional pivotal programs by the end of the year. That's very exciting to us. Either one of those could turn out to be very, very important to patients and to us. And we would also point to our emerging effort in immuno-oncology, which has a lot of depth and is very comprehensive. And you mentioned that dupilumab could be the next PRALUENT. Yes, we are very excited by that because we see this incredible growth opportunity there, both within indications and amongst additional indications. We think that this could really be an important drug for very different assortments of allergic-related disease. And certainly the asthma data that we just announced the top line results, which was very well received at our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA, there's a lot of reason for excitement. And the fact that we'll be able to go forward with the single Phase III trial is very exciting to us.
George D. Yancopoulos: I guess, you are asking for differentiation between the Ang and the PDGF or versus EYLEA. I think in all of these settings, what we're looking for is either increased durability and/or some sort of functional benefit supplied by the additional agent. And so these have different biologies. There's been very interesting preclinical work with both of them. So we're looking forward to both of these. In terms of the timing of the programs, I don't think we give you too many specifics on that.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, we of course have been discussing and dealing with the FDA on all of this. And when we move forward, it's all with the -- with all these communications and discussions with the FDA.
George D. Yancopoulos: Right. Our -- some of our first studies actually in the AMD field were done systemically using systemic approaches. And of course, the concern is the benefit risk with more widespread blockade. And certainly, most of us have decided that that's not going to lead to a satisfactory benefit risk. But as Len said, we are very active in this area. We consider ourselves leaders in this area. We certainly see a lot of excitement here that we don't see that any of these approaches are really going to be widespread approaches that are going to be replacing the current standard of cares. They're going to -- for at least the initial periods of time, it's going to be, we think it's including some of the areas that we're going to -- into -- addressing perhaps more niche areas that maybe perhaps over time could grow.
