George Yancopoulos: Yes, those are really interesting questions and they get into the detail of very specific points of the regimen. Many of these, as you point out have not been directly studied in sort of head to head studies. So where we would have to maybe offline discuss some of these issues, but as I said, details that would require a lot of experimentation, maybe the answer.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, no, thanks. We are obviously very excited about these data that have been, long been coming. As you all know we had to go through a very careful dose escalation starting with very low doses, but what we've now seen at the dose level 6, 7 and 8 has really been very exciting. I think that what we're going to be doing is we're going to be continuing to expand the number of patients at these dose levels. We're going to continue to evaluate the tumor activity as well as the safety and we hope that we're going to see that the responses remain profound and durable while the safety hopefully most of them will resolve and be managed well. And if we continue down that path, we will, as you say, also continue to explore other dose levels and so forth. But the level of tumor activity and balanced by the safety event that we're seeing on doses, are occurring now at levels where we think that they could be providing a new standard for benefit risk for this population. I think that it's important now to point out and remind everybody, I mean, I said it, but just to say it again, the IRAs  were only seen in the patients who had profound anti-tumor activity. That is the patients who didn't benefit did not really indicate in terms of higher level IRAs  to have significant safety concern. And that is of course, what you want to see, that the patients who have the benefit that the safety is limited to those, you’re not doing harm to the patients that do not benefit. Okay, I guess we're ready for next question.
George Yancopoulos: Well, we have to, we were somewhat confused by the whole of the business data and it's meaning it's intense because of the confusing study design. We are basically only after you see how well patients are doing you then shift them. So if you take your best patients and you shift them, for example, to a Q 12 or Q 16 regimen, and you say, oh, X percent of patients can send this regimen, you are not really understanding how good your drug is and what percent of the patients can actually achieve that dosing regimen. We know, and we've already published on this, that patients who do well can be dramatically extended. We're trying to answer a very different question, which we think is going to be very, very important to the community, which is whether you can truly achieve extended dosing. And whether you can prospectively put people into these dosing regimens and get substantial numbers of them to stay at these dosing regimens, because we're giving the higher dose of EYLEA, which we believe has this ability to maintain more patients at these longer intervals. So we really believe that this would represent a significant clinical advance and would also clarify how to use these drugs as opposed to the prior somewhat confusing approaches.
George Yancopoulos: That's a great question. I think you bring up a great point. And I think those of us who have been in this field now, we’re of course so excited by the early promise of immunotherapy checkpoint inhibitors and particularly PD1 antibodies. But of course over the years it's been recognized that only a small percentage of tumors, even in responding, even in the most responsive cancers, not all the patients respond and for many tumor classes, as we just saw with Merck's announcement of their failure today, in many classes, there's almost no detectable activity. So the Holy Grail in the field that people have been looking for is an answer to the question of, how do you activate immunotherapy in all these cold tumors, which is unfortunately the vast majority of cancers, both solid tumors and hemalogic malignancies. And so we went down this path based on the science that we could add the second signal, signal 2 to the first signal that could activate T cells. And these preliminary data suggest that that hypothesis might be right, and that we are on the way to this Holy Grail, that this is we believe very early data. We have a long way to go, but it's a spectacular indication that we have done where we are in the midst of doing and on the path of doing exactly what we set out to do, which is to turn immunotherapy cold tumors into hot tumors with dramatic anti-tumor activity. And the implications here based on all the pre-clinical data suggest that this is going to be broadly applicable. And as you all know, we have been developing a very broad costimulatory pipeline across many, many tumor classes, and several of them are already in the clinic, I mentioned. We have the prostate data. We have ongoing studies with the costim for ovarian cancer. We have other costims that are in the clinic for -- and we have other costims that are going to be entering into the clinic over the next short period of time. These are going to cover all sorts of cancers from the lung cancers that don't respond to hemalogic malignancies and so forth and so on. So we really think that this could be groundbreaking and taking immunotherapy now to the next level where all of us in the field were hoping it was going to go with the early advances with checkpoint inhibitors and have been frustrated over obviously the last decade or so that we haven't been able to get there. This may be the way to get there for the field. We have a very broad pipeline of costimulatory bispecific. By the way, we believe this validates the concept of the combinations, not only with Libtayo, and the PD1 class, but also with our CD3 class of bispecifics, because it suggests that the preclinical data which is so strongly supported now with this clinical data might also be very predictive for that class. So, a lot of exciting possibilities across very broad areas, diverse  hemalogic malignancies. This is, I think, could represent the next breakthrough for immunotherapy.
George Yancopoulos: No, I just want to add and build on what Len has said. So I think just like he said, in some ways, the CAR Ts in terms of high efficacy, particularly in hematologic malignancies, because that's where it's seen high efficacy seeing along with the AEs and in some of the responding patients, that's a good analogy. But I do have to point out the many differences. These are off the shelf reagents. Okay? Which God forbid, if there is a safety issue can be stopped. And it's much easier as we're already demonstrating to create a whole pipeline across a whole variety of broad cancers and unlike the Car T world right now, anyway, these are dramatic effects in solid tumors which were never really seen before by any other modality. So this is actually pretty exciting. There are analogies, there are in terms of dramatic efficacy, but also very important differences here that establish this as a potential breakthrough new class.
George Yancopoulos: I think we've given a lot of the details and we're going be giving a lot more details obviously in upcoming meetings. Suffice it to say that as I mentioned for most of these patients, actually many of these patients, they don't have lesions outside of the bone, which is why we use PSA as as the indicator of total disease activity, because you don't have that many lesions. Okay? So that's one point where we're focusing on the PSA. We do believe that many of the IRAEs are the sort of IRAEs that you do see with both PD1 therapy and as Len mentioned also with CAR T therapy. And I think we indicate every single great 3 that we had and indicated that actually even though these are very early data in the treatment most of these patients many of these are actually already resolving or resolved. And we're going to continue to follow these patients and look for hopefully as seen, remember a total of six that one patient, the reason we highlighted then is they were the first responding patients, so we've now had almost a year follow up and we have this very impressive durability of response there. The other cohorts are much more recently treated and that's why we’re not giving that much follow up because these are patients who are in the very early months of being treated. But obviously you hear it, you hear it in our voices probably, those of us who have commented, we think this rule has the potential to be game changing, game changing for the field of immunotherapy and taking immunotherapy to the next level, also game changing for our oncology program and for our company.
George Yancopoulos: Marion is going to answer the question. By the way we don't market products before they are approved. So it's not surprising that there is not awareness of a product that's an investigational product. Marion can comment on the other stuff.
George Yancopoulos: All right, let me just add to that, that it's important to point out that the reason why EYLEA has become the leading anti-VEGF agent, branded VEGF agent is because it allows most of the EYLEA patients to go on longer interval dosing and have, and be very satisfied with the response. Now, of course, as with any disease and situation, not every patient is going do perfectly well. And we know that there is a small percentage of patients who do need more frequent EYLEA. And, and of course, if one has a new untested agent that doctors haven't seen, their hope in the place that they would first try in a small percentage of patients who don't -- who are not doing well. And of course, that's why it's being used in that setting. Now our goal, of course, with the high dose of EYLEA is to take now the best-in-class agent and hopefully produce even better results in terms of allowing these small percentage of patients who are being dosed more frequently, or even the patients who are now on eight-week regimens or 12-week regimens to go to more extended regimen. And that's the whole point of the design in the study. So I don't think there's any surprises that it's the small percentage of very hard to treat patients where somebody would try an untested agent that they're hoping might work better, but we have a real logical rational way that we are now taking EYLEA, bringing forth this high dose formulation and hope to extend the benefits that we're already seeing with this tried and true in terms of both safety and efficacy reagent, and even expand it and get even for these small percentage of patients longer dosing and even extend maybe everybody else.
George Yancopoulos: You can imagine we're working on the subq. We'll give you some details I think down the road later this year. In terms of co-formulation and we have a strong view that if you're doing it for gamesmanship or patent work and all that kind of stuff, you know that's one thing, but we, what we're more focused on is getting the optimal dose and the optimal regimen and they are not likely to be the same in many of these settings. It’s only useful if you're going try to have a single regimen that covers both. So, but we're a long way from worrying about that. We're far more focused on the fact that we've turned cold to hot which is a big deal at least in our eyes. And obviously it hasn't escaped yours, or I'm sure anybody's attention that now with this just appreciated new data where it looks like we're on the way of turning cold tumors to hot in combination with Libtayo we are in retrospect, very happy that we now have taken on sole ownership of Libtayo.
