Robert J. Terifay: No. As, I think, Len summarized it, the retinal doctors are a small portion of the ophthalmology population. We are not hearing a slowdown in terms of visits. Given the urgency of retinal diseases, it would not be prudent for patients not to come into the physicians' office. So we're not seeing a falloff.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. So what we are -- we said we can't really give you breakdown because we don't have it, but George may be able to give you a little more information on ANGPTL3.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. So first of all, I'd like to point out that we are very encouraged by the uptick that we are seeing in DME. As I said during my presentation, the benefits investigations are growing month over month since the launch of DME. We also have seen a growth in the utilization of our samples, which we did not have at our wet AMD launch. The samples are actually a way of getting patients started on to therapy whilst physicians get comfortable with the reimbursement situation. I think the big difference between the DME and the wet AMD is that the ramp is going to be a little slower. That's both because physicians don't have the same urgency to treat, but it's also because they want to have evidence that the commercial payers, who are the primary payer in wet AMD due to the -- DME due to the age of the DME patients, take a little longer to have evidence of a paid claim. So it's not that we're discouraged by the performance of the product this year, it's just in DME, it's going to take a little bit longer.
Robert J. Terifay: Yes. So Robyn, you're correct. Obviously, there are a large number of children that develop atopic dermatitis early in life. And as George pointed out, the interesting about these Th2-mediated diseases is those children often develop other conditions, such as asthma, food allergies and other Th2-mediated conditions. So the pediatric audience represents a very important one, and we believe these children suffer in having the severe itch, in having the rash all over their body. There are definitely limitations on sleep, limitations on their ability to learn. So we definitely intend to develop dupilumab in the pediatric population, but we had to start in the adult population. The adult population does represent a significant opportunity. There's approximately 2 million adults around the world with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis that is inadequately controlled with topical corticosteroids. The other treatment options for those patients are not chronic because they have safety drawbacks. So we believe there is a significant opportunity. We've talked to a number of these patients, they suffer in silence and this dupilumab represents a major opportunity to help these patients.
Robert J. Terifay: Actually, it's a live horse. It's just that it's still in the barn and it hasn't gone out yet, so you can't see exactly what it looks like.
Robert J. Terifay: And I think, as George has already said in some of his public talks that having more than -- if you need combinations of these, if you could have both of them, then you can control the cost with patients as well. And I think that's going to be important because we can't keep adding on expensive therapy on top of expensive therapy.
Robert J. Terifay: The only thing we can say is we don't expect this lawsuit to impact our plans. But the details of how this unfolds, et cetera, et cetera, are probably going to be fairly complicated and have a bit of a rollercoaster in terms of lots of activities, little activity, but that's all we have to say, Phil, at this point.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, as far as we know, we're the only people who are developing a fully human antibody to the target. There are other approaches that I'm not going to really comment on that are trying to use other technologies to try to hit the target. But in our hands, an antibody is, really, an optimal way to address this target and certainly, we've shown that in preclinical models. The human genetic evidence as well as a lot of animal data suggests that this really can impact lipid profiles as well as perhaps, metabolic impact. In terms of lipids, it not only lowers LDL cholesterol in an LDL receptor independent pathway, meaning that for example, it could work in familial homozygotes that have absolutely no LDL receptor function. But also, it can dramatically lower triglycerides and essentially in animal studies, normalize them regardless of how high that they are. So the human genetic data suggests the possibility that this can be associated with positive outcome benefits. So we're very excited about this target. We think that we're relatively alone in terms of fully human antibodies, which is an optimal way to address it, and we're excited about moving forward.
George D. Yancopoulos: All right. What we think that it's still very early in the game in terms of understanding the best and optimal way to use these various immuno regulators and checkpoint inhibitors. And we think it's very important to have our own foundation therapy to be used in a variety of combination approaches, both with other immuno regulators, but also with other classes of therapeutics as well. So we're taking a long-term view here that the real solutions, the real advances are still yet to come. And it's important to have a collection of the important players in the game to be providing the optimal combination solutions to patients in an efficient and economically feasible way as well. So it's a long-term strategy. We believe that it's very early in the game, and we're very excited about it.
George D. Yancopoulos: I think that's a very important point. And I should also say that even our early-stage PD-1 trials, we're going to be trying to do different things than have been done before. So even our early studies may suggest a new insight and be able to provide better benefits to patients even before we get to latest stage combinations as well.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, I think I might add that protocol T has the potential to be a real game changer, I think, in the minds of physicians. And they have not seen those data, so we hope those data will get published in the not-too-distant future, and we expect presentations by the DRCR. And as that data gets into the literature, we hope that it will influence a physician choice.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. I think we want to -- we don't want get into a debate now about this. Because we want to respect the DRCR. They worked very hard at doing this well-controlled study, it was independently conducted, multi-sites, lots of investigators. They were in complete control, and they deserve the ability to publish the data and discuss it and answer these types of questions. At a very high level, the only reason we put something out is because we believe we thought that this was material for our shareholders to know that on the top line, the data should be disclosed. But we don't want to debate. The Genentech machine is already in full gear, coming up with press statements, which I think is sort of not what we agreed to do with the DRCR. So we're not going to get into that level of debate. But if you hang in there a little while, I think everyone is going to be very pleased at how it all turns out.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Well, I think the only -- as far as you should think is, as far as we've given you some information, which is your mathematics is correct for the quarter -- for the next quarter, Terence.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I think the first study primarily was just a safety study to demonstrate that we could deliver the product safely without inflammation and that sort of thing. And that's the main guidance of dose selection for Phase I.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So as far as the second question goes, as I said, you are beating a dead horse there. We're going to let the DRCR publish and speak and address the data. And when you see the full data set, come back and talk to us and talk to Genentech.
Leonard S. Schleifer: As far as where Ang2 and PDGF combinations might fit in, I think that there's some preclinical data. As you might be aware, that would suggest a more restricted application for the PDGF, not wanting to use it in the DME setting. We'll see whether or not we can go broader in both settings, frankly, with Ang2 and EYLEA combinations.
