Leonard Schleifer: Speculation, you can make a reasonable guess, that’s a reasonable hypothesis. What I am saying is, the PRN is doing so well with Lucentis because they had 12 solid injections before they went to PRN. That’s a possibility. Obviously we did equally well in this study and we had half as many injections overall. Remember we had every other month after the loading dose versus them in every month. The other possibilities is that there is differences from trial to trial, and remember every PRN therapy isn’t well, I think you are going to need less so come in when you think you need it or I think you need it, it’s very careful, arduous monitoring of the patients every month, making them come to the doc, they are getting sophisticated tests. So I think that you could imagine that those criteria could be applied differently from trial to trial and certainly I would imagine wouldn’t be as applied as rigorously out in the practice world as they would be in a trial world.
Leonard Schleifer: I mean the big question is whether or not – I think you are asking the bigger context is will docs be shift – want to shift over to a regimen that’s not dependent upon a patient showing up every month and getting an assessment and somebody making a decision. And I think that’s what one thing that EYLEA offers, that’s the only drug that’s labeled that can be used less frequently than monthly and still have clinically equivalent efficacy outcome. Clinically equivalent efficacy outcome in a label used less than monthly, it’s the only product that has that. Might doctors get there another way with PRN? I don’t think they can get there without monthly monitoring, I’ll say that, although some people would try treating extent, how are they going to get there? Doctors are going to do what obliviously they think is best for patients, but we are offering them a very, clear cut alternative. It’s labeled, it’s approved, it’s simple, patients don’t have to – they’re not required to show up every month for the monitoring. So I think that is a differentiated product. 
Leonard Schleifer: It’s a funny thing. When the CAT data came out, if you talked to people who believed in Avastin, they thought this was the greatest data in the world and it showed that Avastin could be substituted for Lucentis. And if you talk to people who believed in Lucentis, they saw the data and they said what are you talking about? Lucentis was better than Avastin. Avastin didn’t even meet the criteria of non-inferiority when given PRN. So this is really a case where beauty may be in the eyes of the beholder, but I don’t think it’s going to – for sure it’s not going to be binary. This is not a binary outcome for anybody that is – someone is going to say I must do this. I must switch to regimens every other month or I have to continue with PRN. It’s not everybody is going to go that and I think that we would hope that practice would evolve over time to what’s a pretty convenient and straight-forward approach to treating patients. 
Leonard Schleifer: Yeah. I don’t have those data for you today but we should have those in the – I can’t remember, hope – we’re presenting this sometime in the early part of next year and those data should be available then. 
Leonard Schleifer: Well, think about it this way. If you think about our data, and you say well, 25% of people needed from these data in this study, and you can’t generalize, it hasn’t been approved by the FDA, but in this study, one and half, approximately 1.4 more injections Lucentis and the top half of the people need on average one injection. The problem is that when you start treating a new patient, you don’t know which patients they are. Are they going to be a high requirer or a low requirer? I would imagine – and I don’t know this, that docs who are really committed to the PRN approach would prefer to use a drug that appears to be able to deliver across the spectrum at least in this trial the data that we saw. I would prefer that, if it were up to me, and I don’t dictate practice obviously, but if it were up to us, people would follow the labels and rely on what’s been carefully vetted and carefully tested and reviewed by the FDA and in our case, once again it’s the only label that says you can use it less frequently than monthly and get clinically equivalent efficacy. I think we haven’t – I mean you guys are always a little bit maybe avant-garde. You’re always looking at – what’s the next thing…
Leonard Schleifer: .I don’t want to say crazy, you invited me to your conference and I appreciate that, but the truth of the matter is that I read a data that the basis of approval has to be digested, understood and applied. Let alone the data that hasn’t been approved but these data, I think the data in this study surely favored EYLEA as a lone reacting agent in this study.
Leonard Schleifer: Right. It was very close to 50% for the EYLEA group and somewhat lower than that – I think it was in the neighborhood of about, not quite 20% on a percentage based basis, somewhere in the low 40s, got the minimum with Lucentis. So no matter how we looked at it, how many people got the minimum, how many people needed – if you are at the high end, how many injections you needed, what was the average number of injections across all the patients, cutting the patients in half, there basically seems to be a shift in the requirement for a greater requirement of treatment with Lucentis. When you spread it across an entire trial where about half the patients are uninformative because they are getting the minimum, you only see about a half an injection difference. When you look in the part of the trial where there is a potential to do better, there was a full injection. A full injection in a one year period is a meaningful amount in a clinical trial. 
Leonard Schleifer: Once again, I don’t know the answer to that. I hope, I wish that they would follow the label. Obviously not everybody is going to do it exactly as it’s labeled, but the label offers a very straightforward answer.  You can get on average, the clinically equivalent results that you can get with monthly Lucentis. That’s a pretty powerful statement that the FDA has put in our label and I think you can try and do better by seeing the patients monthly, but I’m not sure what you’d actually accomplish rather than just using the drug the way I think it was recommended for use.
Leonard Schleifer: Right. So let’s talk a little bit about the price. We believe that it was possible to deliver a price that was fair to payers…
Leonard Schleifer: So, you asked me about price and how the launch is going. So let me talk to you first about the price. I really believe that we tried to find the price that was fair to patients, fair to the healthcare payers and fair to our shareholders, and solving that equation, our normal approach – what I wanted to do is chop the country up into four quadrants and try a whole bunch of prices from very low to right where we were to a little higher to a lot higher to see how it would have worked and would have felt better about it. But you don’t get to do that. You get to price the product and we had to pick a price. The feedback we got was very positive. The key opinion leaders who we work with, they felt that we listened and we did listen to them and they had a big influence on us and the patients and payers and doctors influenced us to price this and so we listened, we did what they asked. We came in somewhat modestly below the per-injection cost of Lucentis.  Of course if you look on a label basis we’re substantially less expensive because you’re talking about not having to do monitoring every month and you’re talking about not having to do injection fees every month and you’re not talking about monthly injections. So we’re less expensive on a per injection basis. We’re less expensive on a use basis comparing label to label. But some people would say well, are you – you’re less good. Is that why you’re less expensive? That’s the old paradigm I think in pharma. Don’t ever come in a little bit lower because people will say that you’re not as good. We don’t believe that. We actually believe that you can come in a little bit lower and still have a product that offers advantages to patients. So of course the proof of the pudding in all this is how the launch going. So I desperately want to…
Leonard Schleifer: I desperately want to pay out first six stage of sales volume but nobody around the company thought that was a good idea. But we’ve only had a few selling days obviously, but we’re very pleased on how the launch is going. We’re very pleased on the reception. We’re pleased on the ordering etcetera, but once – we can’t get into anything quantitative until we have some real world experience over a longer time. But I’m very pleased.
Leonard Schleifer: Right, I don’t have that kind of segmentation from seven days of selling, but I can tell you that we don’t see that approach. That approach was not particularly well received. Maybe it meets the legalities and I assume that it does, but the approach of giving volume-based discounts was not well received by this – the retinal community and we wanted to be responsive to that. You can lose goodwill pretty quickly and it takes a lot to earn it. We’d like to earn that and stick with it. 
Leonard Schleifer: I think the vast majority of those sales are AMD. I don’t have a specific number for you, but certainly the vast majority of AMD and I want to point out by the way, we didn’t put out consensus numbers.
Leonard Schleifer: They were compiled. You guys asked for it. We don’t stand behind them, they are not our estimates. We’re not going to – don’t interpret that as any guidance from us. Good, better and different.
Leonard Schleifer: Right. So I don’t want to get into quantitative and you can – some people have made the point that if you assume - if every single patient were to go on a branded therapy, it’s a $5 billion market in the United States and maybe somewhat significantly higher than that globally, but obviously that isn’t the case. There’s only $2 billion, but if you just sort of market share points obviously, then each market share point is somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million in revenues. We’re going to see how we go, but I do want to point out that – just to be a little bit critical of you and your friends on – not you personally but Wall Street that is the notion, I’ve heard this so many times, Len, forget about it, your launch isn’t going to go well. No launches go well. It’s like the industries can - never sold anything and we’re going to show at the launch.  I don’t really pay that much attention to this, but I do want to point out one thing. We are not – we don’t have the burden of launching a product where we have to teach the doctors that we have something that’s worthwhile for their patients. We don’t have to explain to them that the pricing is fair. We’re going to a market where the anti-VEGF may be one of the most important drugs in the entire pharmaceutical industry. And by the way it’s important not only for eye, but it’s obviously important for cancer. And before I forget I just want to mention that – and we may or not get to it – our ZALTRAP which is our cancer product has been filed. We’ve gotten very solid second line colorectal data. We’ve seen the top line data of our first line study which was a small underpowered study, but we were able to see – we saw what we expected in terms of the same kinds of side effects when you combine with FOLFOX6, there’s no statistical differences in the outcome in the small study.  But we’re enthusiastic about moving forward in second line colorectal. We’re looking forward to getting the data from our prostate study which should be coming up in the first part of next year and we really would like to advance in anti-VEGF therapy and cancer because in the eye, anti-VEGF therapy is damn good. There’s no doubt about it and this is the Holy Grail. As a physician, if you can take a patient who can’t read and you can make them read, that’s giving sight to the blind. That’s a great space to be in but and I want to come back to that. Of course the cancer outcomes are not so great. You talk about does it really matter another month or two of living? Well, yes, it matters, it matters a lot to a lot of people. But on the other hand wouldn’t it be great if we can do a lot better than that and we’ve got some ideas that with our partner sanofi where we think that if we can combine our drug with some of our other anti-angiogenic agents, whether it be ANG2 or Dll4, we might be able to push the efficacy bosses, the anti-VEGF therapy or anti anti-angiogenic therapy in cancer can do more akin to what in cancer patients as it maybe surely does for eye patients.  Now, coming back to the eye patients, I’d have to say that we’re not trying to create a market here. The market exists. We’re not trying to justify even the price because we’ve come in lower based on the total number of injections you need and even on the price per injection. So what we have to do is we have to go out and sell our label. We have to convince docs that there’s – that yes, great spaces - there’s a multibillion dollar space here. We’re offering an important alternative and here is an alternative. Look at the label, look at the comparative studies in our label and you decide with your patients, have the conversation with your patients. Would you rather use Lucentis the way it’s used on the label, monthly, or would you rather use something that you don’t have to come in about every other month? And imagine if you’re a patient or you’re taking your elderly parent in, for sure I think that there will be people. For sure there are people who will find that an important differentiating factor. Are we going to get 100% of the market? I don’t think so. Will we get our fair share? I believe so.
Leonard Schleifer: So just to rephrase that very quickly if it wasn’t – didn’t come through in the webcast. Let me say it again. If you look at the study there was a minimum effect, so about half the patients on EYLEA, just a hair under 50% and just a little bit over 40% on Lucentis, required the minimum number of injections. But if you divided the patients into the median for each group, what you found is that those patients in the lower number of injections, you couldn’t do any better because you had a minimum number of injections. But those patients in the top half, you actually did a full injection better. One full injection better and if you looked at the more demanding ones, it was 1.4 injections better. So it’s clear that this data and this study indicate that Lucentis required more treatment, more intense treatment than EYLEA did, and so that was good. We didn’t design the study to exactly test all this. Once again if you didn’t hear it it’s not in the label and we suggest and recommend that you follow the label if you’re out there listening because we really believe that we have a well differentiated label that can make a difference.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, so two questions, on label Lucentis, most people do – the vast majority of people seem to do quite well and we can get clinically equivalent efficacy with every other month injection compared to on label. Now, off label use, which I’m not a believer in and I’m not a promoter of, certainly not in our product and nor Genentech’s products, I would say that in our trial those people who needed more than – needed six or more injections which would be basically more than every other month, was a full quarter of the patients on Lucentis, 26% or 27% and only about 16%, so, nearly half as many on EYLEA needed more than that six month injection. So I think what that says is, (inaudible) it kind of says we’ve got the study right in the first year and we did – our scientists did a really good job of picking what is the right interval and it seems to be every other month after loading dose as is in our label.
Leonard Schleifer: I don’t know the answer to that. I can only tell you from our study there were 25% of patients, 27% of patients who were requiring more then, more than every other month therapy.
Leonard Schleifer: And so – but let’s talk a little bit about PC SK9 and why we’re excited about it and then let’s talk about the relationship overall with sanofi. Maybe I’ll start with the latter. Remember we have a very broad based relationship with sanofi and what that involves is about $160 million a year in discovery funding as well as funding for the development of our antibody pipeline to those molecules that they opt into. What’s important about that? Well if you’re a new company and all you had was EYLEA, you’d have to spend an awful lot of money to build the pipeline, an awful lot of money, and you’d eat up all your profits pretty damn quickly if you were doing anything close to what we’re doing, except we don’t eat up our profits because we’ve got this partnership with sanofi that leverages us and provides us all these resources. It allows us to keep just a little under 50% of the profit split with sanofi.  So that’s one thing that I think people – you say maybe people get it or they don’t get it. I think they will get it when they start to see how much we can continue to spend on the pipeline on one hand, but not have to eat up all the profits which we’ve worked so hard to deliver we hope to our shareholders with EYLEA for example. Now, what’s in that pipeline? Let’s talk about there’s a lot of things in there. I mentioned ANG2, potentially anti-ANG2, anti-Dll4 and there’s anti-IL-4 receptor. There’s a number of molecules in there, but let’s talk about PC SK9 because PC SK9 may be viewed as the most exciting one. But mind you, these things change and that’s the beauty of having a half a dozen or so of these things and constantly adding more that are percolating through. PC SK9 is probably one of the hottest targets in biotech. There are a lot of big companies that are going after it. There’s Amgen for sure has got announced program, there’s Pfizer and there’s probably others. Best we can tell, sanofi and Regeneron appear to be in the lead. We’ve already announced that got a little bit lost in our – while people were waiting for EYLEA to be approved, nobody paid as much attention I think as they should have to the fact that our PC SK9 phase two data were rather – I thought were rather exciting. We had two studies, one was in heterozygous patients, with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia and the other was in patients who were already on a dose of statin and they could be changed to a higher dose of statin or a higher dose plus our drug and the bottom line of all this, when you add it all up, on top of high dose statins, you can still get with an injection, an infrequent injection of our product, you can still get another 65% lowering approximately of LDL, the bad cholesterol.  No other product class I’m aware of can come close to that. Certainly there’s any – none of these products can deliver and in fact, even if you go from 10 to 80 of LIPITOR you get another 17% or 20% or something of that nature. We’re talking about a 65% lowering. That’s a very meaningful, large amount of lowering and it means that we can start to get people towards a goal that they have never been able to get to with current treatments available. That’s very exciting. Obviously that’s why we’re at it, that’s why the competition is at it. It’s a big space. There’s probably 10 million people in the United States or thereabouts who can’t get to their goal with currently available therapy. So I would encourage people to look at this a little bit more carefully.
Moderator: So a couple – several investor questions. One, what was the proportion of patients with absence of fluid in eyes, or tears in each arm.
Moderator: Then this is sort of similar to what we are asking, but they’re asking about the real world significance of this data. This is sort of getting to where I - do you think a 0.5 injection difference will play a different role in the markets? I mean the key question here is when we go to the Retina meeting and we are in the audience …
Moderator: Okay. I guess those of you who are listening to the webcast and didn’t hear what Leonard said earlier, about half the patients needed probably around one more injection with Lucentis versus EYLEA.
Moderator: Okay. Do you have any - does anyone have any questions in the audience on EYLEA before I turn quickly to the antibody business? To turn to the antibody business, the part of the business that people are not very focused on and there’s debate about like how much value you can assign now. When do you think people are going to get the antibody business? And the issue really comes from a lack of news flows. I get your PC SK9, that’s still in Phase 2, you’re a long way away from Pjhase3.
