Marion McCourt: Thank you, George. Our third quarter performance reflects strength and across our commercial portfolio. We continue to extend our leadership position in additional therapeutic categories as part of our commitment to deliver life-changing medicines to patients in need. With Dupixent’s approval in prurigo nodularis, Libtayo’s anticipated approval in combination with chemotherapy in first line event non-small cell lung cancer and recent data demonstrating the compelling profile of Aflibercept8 mg, Regeneron’s commercial business is poised to deliver long-term growth. Starting with EYLEA, which reached $2.4 billion in global net sales for the third quarter, this represents an 8% increase on a constant currency basis, a remarkable achievement for brand that launched 11 years ago. In the U.S., EYLEA net sales grew 11% year-over-year to $1.63 billion to again achieve over a million injections in the quarter. Despite the overall 2% sequential category decline in volume from the second to third quarter of 2022, EYLEA continued to grow across all indications gaining share from both branded and unbranded agents. In fact, EYLEA reached all-time highs in category share of approximately 50% with a commanding 75% share in the branded category. We continue to strengthen and extend EYLEA’s leadership position in the anti-VEGF category as we recently announced the FDA has granted pediatric exclusivity for EYLEA, thereby, extending the period of EYLEA U.S. market exclusivity by an additional six months through May 17, 2024. Since announcing positive Phase 3 results earlier this year, there has been widespread excitement in the retina community about the Aflibercept8 mg dataset and Aflibercept8 mg’s potential to become the future standard of care, if approved. Next to Libtayo, total global product sales were $143 million, growing 25% on a constant currency basis. In the U.S., net sales grew 21% to $95 million based on growth in our lung and non-melanoma skin indications. We see particular opportunity for growth in lung cancer over time. In monotherapy, there are already steady increases in prescribers and total utilization. We are launch-ready for the potential chemotherapy combination approval which significantly expands the patient opportunity. And finally to Dupixent, third quarter global net sales were $2.3 billion, up 45% on a constant currency basis. In the U.S., net sales grew 45% to $1.82 billion driven by a robust demand across atopic dermatitis, asthma, and nasal polyps. Growth was also driven by a rapid launch trajectory across recent indications including eosinophilic esophagitis and pediatric atopic dermatitis where Dupixent is the only biologic to be approved from infancy through adulthood. Starting with dermatology, in atopic dermatitis, Dupixent is the leading first line systemic therapy with strong uptake across the spectrum of moderate to severe disease, and across age groups. The ongoing launching short in as young as six months is professing very well, providing release shot in MS families as well as enforcing the safety of Dupixent for all age groups. We've also expanded Dupixent's leadership in dermatology. Following its approval in prurigo nodularis, Dupixent is the only FDA approved medicine for this chronic stabilitating skin disease that affects approximately 75,000 adults in the U.S. Early launch indicators are positive with patients already being initiated on therapy. Dupixent also continue to perform well in the highly competitive asthma market, with steady growth in prescriptions and new patient starts, as well as nasal polyps. Early launch performance in eosinophilic esophagitis has been very strong, with broad adoption from both gastroenterologists and allergists. The medical community has embraced Dupixent as patients previously had very limited options. Dupixent is the only medicine indicated to treat eosinophilic esophagitis, and is the only treatment shown to address the underlying disease causes resulting in unprecedented symptom release. There are presently 50,000 adults and adolescent patients in the U.S., and we continue to advance our clinical efforts in younger patients where substantial unmet need remains. Outside the U.S., Dupixent net sales were 506 million, going 44% on a constant currency basis. There is rapid uptake across approved indications, and we continue to execute on recent launches, and expand into new geographies. As part of this, Regeneron's increased presence in key international market supports efforts to bring Dupixent to even more patients. In conclusion, our third quarter performance demonstrates strength in growth across our commercial portfolio. We are successfully executing on initiative to deliver life-changing medicines to patients, and advancing strategies to maximize new and upcoming launches. Our commercial portfolio is positioned well to drive long-term and sustainable growth. Now, I will turn the call to Bob.
Marion McCourt: So, happy to give more characterization, as I mentioned, we see EYLEA continuing to perform extremely well, reaching all-times high category share of 50%, and now as well growth in the overall branded market where we participate with other branded agents, including Roche. One thing I will mention just to give a bit more insight is that EYLEA captured growth coming primarily from Lucentis and also from Avastin. And, in fact, if you put the Roche portfolio together, the growth of EYLEA obviously was positive, while there was a decline in a real market share for the Roche products combined.
Marion McCourt: So, I would just add that most of the key opinion leaders that we speak to recognize that the dual mechanism of action, the NTIL-4 coupled with NTIL-13 is very, very important, so certainly efficacy shouldn't be assumed. There's also reinforcement on the incredible efficacy that's seen for patients with moderate-through-severe disease. And, obviously, real world experience is compelling. The administration with Dupixent is really quite straightforward, it's self-administration, and we actually see there the active patient or parent involvement has been very helpful in establishing Dupixent. But certainly as Len mentioned, expanding the education in category to bring more atopic dermatitis patients into the treatment continuum is very positive for patients, and certainly for Dupixent.
Marion McCourt: I think it's very difficult to extrapolate one quarter. Certainly I did mentioned that there'd been a sequential decline of about 2% going from the second quarter into the third quarter in the overall anti-VEGF category. But I think it's really difficult to extrapolate from that. The numbers you shared on overall year-over-year growth of category, at about 4%, we recognize as well. I think we'll have to see as a bit more time goes by. But it's really difficult to draw conclusions on what may or may not have occurred in a one-quarter period.
Marion McCourt: I think it's probably best that Roche answer questions on what they're hearing about use. I'll just share at this point, I haven't heard characterization or that use is still at a low level, in fact quite modest. I can characterize the EYLEA performance, as I did, in terms of market leadership and the growth we see in our business in terms of market share and other parameters, and that is across indications, and certainly substantially creating EYLEA as leader in the anti-VEGF category. And, obviously, we're very enthusiastic as is the retina community, probably even more important about the possibilities and potential of Aflibercept8 mg if approved in the future.
Marion McCourt: So, as a start, we don't predict future market share performance, so I'm going to stay away from specifics in that area. Certainly, not only this quarter but over several quarters, we've been able to demonstrate continuing strong performance with EYLEA as anti-VEGF category leader. And certainly we'll continue to work on that. And as agents have entered the market, our competitive readiness abilities have been very strong. But most important, frankly, it's the profile of EYLEA; the clinical attributes, the safety of the product, the breadth of indications, ease of access for physicians and patients, but going forward, certainly we will be very much prepared to launch Aflibercept8 mg and you know, as we get into that launch potentially with an FDA approval we will be able to give more characterization, but as George and Len described today, the profile of Aflibercept8 mg and opinion leaders in the retina community confirm that this profile potentially has all the ingredients to become standard of care, and certainly that's what we work on all the benefits of vision coupled with safety, and now this potential of substantial durability that hasn’t been seen before in the category.
Marion McCourt: Carter, thank you for the question, and certainly we will stay very close on this. And obviously the importance of new BLA and new J Code is important. In terms of timing, I would need a crystal ball you know, certainly would share with you, we will be working very closely with the proper organizations and officials, but at this time it's too early to give anything definitive on expectation for J Code timing.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, I don't think we want to scoop ourselves given that the conference is coming up pretty soon, Tyler. But Odronextamab has the potential of being a very important molecule. We recognize that there are some people ahead of us, and we recognize that some of the most recent timelines are pushed back a little bit based on recent regulatory feedback. The regulators have recently been focused on having Phase 3 trials substantially enrolled at the time of submission before they'll grant accelerated approval. But we are confident in the profile of Odronextamab. And as George says, there is also the future possibility of combinations with other things in our pipeline that could really even leapfrog.
Leonard Schleifer: There's still quite a bit of room of growth in the diabetic eye diseases area. We still see a decent growth there in that category.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. My own perspective on this and slightly different is that I'm not convinced in this particular setting that the J Code is the end of the all of -- like, you are going to see these dramatic changes in uptakes post J Code, so -- 
George Yancopoulos: Actually COPD has been a very difficult disease for new therapies in biologics in particular. We think that there is a category of patients with COPD who have or are marked by more of what we call Th2-type inflammation. We think that, as I said in my remarks, that there's this unifying hypothesis there are a lot of Th2-type diseases that manifest in different ways. We believe that this subset of patients with COPD may maybe or fit into that category. And being able to benefit these patients in [technical difficulty] terms of either reducing their exacerbations and/or improving their lung function would really make a difference to these patients. And so, we're anxiously awaiting the data, and we're hopeful that we will have another set of patients where we might be able to demonstrate that Dupixent could really make a difference.
George Yancopoulos: Not to pile on, but since -- just to add on to what Len was saying. I mean the fact that the IL-13 have failed in these other important Th2 inflammation-driven diseases, like asthma and like COPD and others right now really does suggest that they are not fully addressing the Th2 inflammation, both in any one particular disease, but also as Len said, so many of these individuals, if you just look at our label or any label that describes these diseases, they suffer from other allergic comorbidities. And so, obviously, it can make such a difference for a patient where one drug can treat a systemic disease as opposed to treating the disease only in one of the many compartments where it manifests itself. I think this is the way I think medicine in the field should be moving. This is a systemic disease where Th2 inflammation is probably rampant in many compartments in the body, you don't only want to treat it in one compartment, you want to treat the entire body. And that's what we've been showing systematically, by going one disease after another with Dupixent. It works in every compartment, and it broadly attacks the underlying inflammation that's related and causative in all of these diseases.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I think that our data actually shows that with the remarkable response rates, which we saw especially going to the higher doses, yet it's not as if you have to look hard to find biomarkers for response, the number just to remind you that is at the highest dose; three out of the four patients had very profound responses. So, response predictors are not an issue, but you also pointed the question about therapeutic window, certainly we are seeing autoimmune-related side effects associated with these responses. And so, we are working hard now, we are actually -- we have accelerated enrollment in this program, we are trying to understand more of the relationship between the responders, and having these sorts of new side effects, I mean one very positive perspective is we don’t see these series autoimmune side effects in people who don’t see responses. So, it's the people who benefit, who do get the autoimmune side effects these have obviously coupled, it's because I think the drug is doing what we intent it to do. I think this is some of the most exciting data in the history of immunotherapy that you can take what people have historically called a "Cold tumor," that has almost no responses to immunotherapy or repeating one therapy, and get these incredibly high rate of very deep and so-called durable responses, and we will continue to work on improving the therapeutic window. In terms of the bispecific program more broadly, and I want to hearken back, Len sort of answered the previous question about CD20 and BCMA, but I do want to amplify on some of these comments, which is we think that there are indeed a very small number of bispecs in the CD20 space, and the BCMA space, which are actually looking quite competitive with each other, including ours, the emerging data suggests the efficacy and safety profiles of these agents will be competitive with each other, you will see our updated data, we will present it at ASH, but I think what's emerging is that these small numbers of competitors will exist in this field. I think that there is going to be room to these, there is actually a lot of patients in this late-stage settings who need treatment. So, I think that there is going to room for these small numbers of competitors there. But the future is going to be about moving into earlier lines of therapy, and there is going to therapies there about how one executes designs to those studies, the co-therapies, more standard co-therapies that are used there, and so there is going to be a lot of actually art to have one move these agents into the earlier lines of therapies, but the other very important thing is in addition to moving into earlier lines of therapy with these more standard combinations, where as I said, there is going to a lot of art to doing those studies, it's going to be of novel combos. And as we just talk about, with the CD20 and costim bispecifics that we're now showing that we are leading the field with, in prostate cancer we have very similar type agents now, that we are going to be combining with our CD20 bispecific in lymphoma and with our BCMA bispecific in myeloma, and we think that these are going to really have the opportunity to continue to change the game, and change the practice in medicine for these patients. So, it's about taking agents that R&D is going to be competitive and quite competitive with each other in these late stage settings, where I think they're all going to be making important contributions to the treatment in patients, but then moving in very artful ways to these earlier lines of therapy and using them there, where I think there is also going to be room, there is also going to be room for differentiation as well as the future, we are making these combos look all of these exciting opportunities we have in our portfolio can really take the utilization of these agents and the treatments of these patients, and these cancers to a whole another level, as we believe we are already showing that we are doing in prostate cancer.
George Yancopoulos: Right. And in some of the data we have already shown, and we will continue to show, many of our patients have remarkably high PSA levels, because they have very high burden of disease, as all know depending on the assay and the lab and so forth, normal PSA levels are in the low single-digits, you know, maybe one to four, consider the highest levels. We have patients who entered into our study with PSAs in the 100s, 500s, 600 and so forth. And we saw with this combination treatment, as soon as you put the combination on board essentially at the next time point that we measured within three weeks or so, we saw dramatic drops in the order of 99% reductions in the PSA. And these are really astounding results, and now where we continue to follow our patients over time we have seen that, for example, bone lesions have entirely normalized, and so forth. So, the effects are incredibly rapid as reflected in the PSA. And to the point about predicting which patients respond, it doesn’t matter whether you had patients who had relatively low burden as measured by PSA, where their PSA was measured in let's say, 40 to 50 range or whether you had incredibly high PSAs in 500 to 600 range, those patients seem to similarly respond in terms of very dramatic, very profound drops in the PSA within weeks of starting therapy. And as we continue to follow these patient's incredibly durable responses, first patient has now been out for more than a year. Their immune side effects have resolved, whereas their complete remission has remained completely intact, and as I said, not only completely normalized the PSA levels, but the bone lesions and so forth have all normalized at least as measured by bone scans and so forth. So, this really has the potential to be so game-changing for these late stage patients who really have at this point no other real recourse.
