Leonard S. Schleifer: Thank you. Manisha does such a fabulous job at Investor Relations, we should at least get her name right. It's Manisha Narasimhan. Good morning to everyone who has joined the call. In the third quarter, Regeneron delivered record financial results, an important pipeline progress. EYLEA sales continue to grow. For the first time, U.S. EYLEA net quarterly sales surpassed $1 billion. Also, for the first time, third quarter worldwide Dupixent sales exceeded $0.25 billion. And Dupixent was recently approved for asthma, its second major indication. Additionally, we launched Libtayo, our first approved immuno-oncology therapy. For EYLEA, we significantly strengthened the franchise through a recently expanded label for less frequent dosing and the potential for a new indication in diabetic retinopathy. And we expect to advance a high-dose formulation of aflibercept into the clinic in the first half of next year. Libtayo, our first commercial entry into the exciting and fast-evolving area of immuno-oncology, is the foundation upon which we intend to build with multiple additional agents and approaches in many different cancer settings. We have described Dupixent as a pipeline and a product, and it is living up to that potential. Compared to other approved biologics for asthma, Dupixent has a differentiated profile and label. The recent asthma approval, together with the ongoing robust launch in atopic dermatitis, positive Phase 3 results in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, and positive Phase 2 results in eosinophilic esophagitis, validate the scientific hypothesis that the IL-4/IL-13 pathway is responsible for a spectrum of allergic or Type 2 diseases. You'll hear more from Marion about the launch of Dupixent in asthma and atopic dermatitis, and George will update you on our clinical programs. We have continued to make steady progress with our other commercialized products. From Praluent, our LDL cholesterol-lowering PCSK9 antibody, we anticipate that the U.S. treatment guidelines for lipid lowering will be updated shortly. We hope the updated guidelines will facilitate greater access and support increased use of the PCSK9 class. Although it gets drowned out in the debate about drug prices, the fact remains that cardiovascular disease is the number one cause of death in the United States, and high LDL cholesterol is a major cause of cardiovascular disease. Our early pipeline continues to progress. At the beginning of the year, we set a goal of advancing four to six new molecules into clinical development. I'm happy to report that to-date, we have already advanced four new molecules into clinical development. These include a bispecific antibody for ovarian cancer, a new antibody for pain, a leptin receptor agonist, and an antibody to CTLA4. We also expect to advance into the clinic by year-end, a BCMA CD3 bispecific antibody for multiple myeloma. We now have seven approved drugs and our clinical pipeline has 20 product candidates spanning a range of therapeutic areas. All of these molecules were discovered by our scientists. With that, I will now turn the call over to George.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for your question, Carter. Obviously, it's tough to know what's going to actually become policy given a lot of these announcements were pre-election. I do think the administration is serious about trying to do something with drug pricing. But whether or not they will be able to get in a demonstration pricing which covers a large fraction of the country starting in the year 2020 with international reference pricing, I think that's a wide, big, open – big question mark at this time.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Just to get into the science for a second, I think that everybody has to understand that the reason you have allergies is you have a certain kind of immunoglobulin known as immunoglobulin E that is bound to the surface of mast cells and basophils. And once it interacts with allergen, it clusters on the surface of these cells, resulting in degranulation, release of histamine, and other allergic mediators. That's the fundamental basis of allergy. For those of you who don't know, interleukin-4 and interleukin-13 are the IgE switch factors. When you try desensitization therapy, the whole goal of that therapy fundamentally is to reprogram the immune system and make the immune system make good antibody or immunoglobulin G, as in George, instead of immunoglobulin E as in Ellen. So – and when you are trying desensitization, you don't really have a natural way of actually impacting whether the cells that are involved in the response go to IgG or IgE. IL-4 blockade and IL-13 blockade are the fundamental drivers. So, in any setting of desensitization, giving Dupixent should do or drive exactly the kind of reprogram that you want that historically has been very difficult to achieve. And in animal studies, the results are pretty much black and white. So, we believe that in almost any setting of desensitization, whether it be peanut, grass, whether it be with any approach, the whole goal is to stop making IgE and to start making IgG. That is exactly what Dupixent can do. So, what we hope success in that study is faster ability to tolerate higher doses of the peanut during the whole desensitization, decrease the number of patients who have allergy-mediated side effects, mostly GI side effects that limit their ability to take or stay on the treatment. All of these will be indicators that Dupixent is doing exactly what we think it should be doing, which is driving more IgG and preventing the body from making the IgE, and thus, reprogram the body away from allergy. And this is just the beginning. If it works in peanut, it has a signal here, it should be applicable to essentially every form of desensitization available by whatever modality.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Geoff, before Marion answers, we invite you to come by. We might have a antiviral antibody we can give you there.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I just wanted to add to the pediatric side of this, is that next setting (52:37) steroids, whether they're absorbed from lathering lots of it on or with systemic bursts (52:45) of treatment in adolescents during their growth spurts is a big deal. So, I think that's another reason why doctors might want to move to early adoption.
Leonard S. Schleifer: In terms of the market growth, we see nothing that will change the underlying demographics for the increase in diabetes and the increase in AMD continuing to grow the market somewhere in the mid to high or low-double-digit growth over time. Those demographics do not seem to be letting up at all. Obviously, where we fit in there, based on competition, what have you, we'll have to see how all that plays out. But I echo what George says, we haven't seen anything that's disruptive. We certainly haven't seen a drug – even the most touted drug by the sponsor, RTH (57:47), it seems to me they have forgotten that the retina specialists are actually some of the smartest guys out there as physicians. And they can do math and they can multiply 75% times about 50% and come up with a lot lower number than 75%. So, it seems to me that EYLEA has a really good profile. In addition, what we saw in the diabetic retinopathy studies was, we think, quite remarkable. I think it was startling to many, how frequent it was that people untreated with asymptomatic diabetic retinopathy given placebo, just watch for year, and when a large fraction of them, about a-third, actually develop vision-threatening complications. And this can be dramatically prevented and reduced, not only improve the diabetic retinopathy, but prevent the progression of the diabetic retinopathy. And we think that, that's a big deal. It's going to take some reeducation out there of both patients and physicians, but we think that's a fundamental advance. Remember that diabetes and diabetic eye disease is one of the leading still leading causes of blindness in adults.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Ying. Let me just comment on the fasinumab and then maybe George can comment on the bluebird or add to fasinumab. But I have to say that I think we know that in any drug dosing – any drug development program, getting the dose right is really, really important. And that becomes super important when you have a very steep dose response curve for side effects. And we think that our approach has been to really try and get that dose right. And we're hopeful that the very long dose that we got that is still able to produce what's basically so far at least best-in-class efficacy results – and notwithstanding, of course, study comparisons and all that – but really good efficacy results thus far, but perhaps, as George said in his prepared remarks, mitigating the safety. In terms of safety, I don't think it's just going to be the adjudicated arthropathies, which – that probably would be an acceptable level. But I also think there's a question of whether or not this treatment will be to more or less joint replacements. There's some evidence, I believe you've seen in the other development program, certainly in ours, of high doses that you would see more joint replacements. And that probably would not be acceptable. Our program is very carefully monitored by an independent VSMB (01:01:28), which has met recently, and advised us to continue development at these low doses, where we've demonstrated the efficacy. So, we hope that we've got the dose right. Being first here may not be nearly as important as being right because there's not as much room for error in this program as there might be in others. George can talk about bluebird.
Marion McCourt: So, certainly, it's early days, Greg (41:36), in the launch for asthma. But I can certainly report that with Dupixent for the new asthma indication, we are making steady progress and very pleased with initial dialogue with payors. But I'll just remind everyone that this is only our third week in market with the asthma launch. Then, as a comment, you alluded to atopic dermatitis and payor coverage. Certainly, we see the majority of the market with adequate coverage. And, of course, that reflects in the uptake we're seeing with Dupixent performance.
Marion McCourt: Yes. So, I'd add to that, that it's not unusual that physicians, and in this case, it's pulmonologists and allergists, will often use a product, Dupixent, in this case, for asthma on some of their tougher patients first. I'll share that anecdotally, the reports we're getting have been very, very positive. So, over time, most definitely, I think we'll have success not only with severe, but also the moderate patients. And I think that continuum will evolve over market experience. But they're really compelling reasons why, and that relates to the clinical profile of Dupixent in asthma, its overall efficacy, not only in exacerbations, lung function, OCS reduction and quality of life, but then also the broad category of patients that we achieved in our label; moderate-to-severe patients, of course, EOs greater than 150, OCS-dependent regardless of phenotype or EOs. As Len mentioned, another element that we're hearing that is just so important is that we are the only asthma biologic to offer both at-home self-administration and when physicians want to, they can always start a patient in the office to help educate and train them. But this is a really important factor in the ability to have broader use. And then the other item I'd add is that, of course, with Dupixent, we're not launching a new product, we're launching a new indication. So, allergists who already had experience with Dupixent, and we already have shown an established safety profile. So, we're really excited about the launch. It is very, very early days. I look forward to giving you reports in the future.
Marion McCourt: So, Geoff, addressing your comments first on Dupixent uptake in adolescence, well, as mentioned, we very much look forward to the indication and helping this group of patients with moderate-to-severe disease, and the agony that goes with that for both them and their families. We would anticipate that the uptake should be similar to potentially a bit faster than what we saw in adult atopic dermatitis, and I think it's for two reasons. I want to be a little conservative in saying similar, but the reason why I think realistically, it might be a little bit faster for these patients is that physicians now have experience with Dupixent. And the product is becoming well known, depth of prescribing is increasing. And for that reason, coupled with the fact that this is an alarming disease for adolescents, we believe it's very important that we get the word out quickly, and there's great excitement and enthusiasm in the market for this indication, for this group of patients who are truly suffering. Your second question related to asthma and payor uptake, it's very early days. This is our third week of launch, so things are going well. There's been great receptivity to the clinical profile of the product. But I think I'd rather come back and give more detail on payor specificity as we have more time in market.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So, let me take persistence and refill rates first. So the persistency that we've commented on in the past at the 12-month point being approximately 80% continues. So, we see strong persistency with Dupixent. Similarly, on the – first script refill is an important factor and we still see that at over 90%. So, these are indicators that when patients go on Dupixent therapy for atopic dermatitis, they want to stay on therapy because their lives are better. The second piece you mentioned is a little bit on the DTC, I believe, was part of the question, and also, the types of patients. So, similar to the comment I made before, it's not unusual for physicians to start with their most severe patients. But clearly now, we're getting penetration not only with severe, but also moderate patients. And we really thought it was part of our responsibility to – for this disease and for patients who potentially previously had given up because therapies were not really helping them at all, we thought that this product was absolutely ideal for an on-air branded campaign. We're still only in months of that branded Dupixent TV campaign. It was perceived, as some would recall, by a disease awareness campaign, and we thought that was the right order to do things. We've been in national broadcast mode with the Dupixent TV campaign now since about the August timeframe. So, we're several months in. The signs we see so far are encouraging.
George Damis Yancopoulos: And this is George. I just want to emphasize about the clinical profile that Marion brought up, which is that, particularly for moderate patients, they still can have pretty substantial reductions in their lung functions. When you're talking about a biological that may be the first biological really can have clinically meaningful impact on lung function, that can really make a difference in patients' lives. And that is something that has a really potential to essentially have a real impact on patients' lives. And together with its safety profile, I think there's a lot of rationale for penetrating into the moderate population.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Well, in terms of a higher dose, I guess the point is that we remain impressed with the fact that EYLEA has stood up with so much competition, and that no one has really been able to come up, seemingly, with a fundamentally different profile in terms of the benefit, effects on vision or duration of treatment. And so, we thought that it was time, especially because we've been working on this in the labs for a while, to see whether just giving a higher dose of EYLEA can actually take EYLEA past what is now, we think, the gold standard in the field, and see if we could either improve the benefit and/or extend the duration of the interval. And so we're poised, we've been working on this for a while, and we're going to be putting it in the clinic this year.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yeah, just to add to that. As you know, we're continuing our long-term safety study with NGF. And as Len said, I mean, the most important data is to see what the benefit will be compared to adverse events with, we believe at this point, since we seem to have mitigated against at least the arthropathies, the total joint replacements numbers are going to be very important certainly with the competitors' program that is a concern, and we'll have to see whether our dose gets around that. In terms of bluebird, I think for us, this is a very exacting collaboration. Clearly, they've demonstrated and they've developed their technologies and abilities to develop these CAR-T therapies. What we bring to the table is we bring new targets and new reagents, whether they be antibodies or T-cell receptor-related reagents that can target new targets that can be put into and made into chimeric antigen receptors by bluebird to be put into their cells and used via their therapeutic approach. So, we're very excited about putting together our ability to bring new targets and new ways to make these chimeric antigen receptors together with their ability to take those forward and deliver them to patients. And we think this is a real synergistic collaboration between two companies with very complementary capabilities, and we're hoping to be able to change the future there.
