Michael S. Aberman: Thank you very much, operator. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' first quarter 2015 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President, Commercial; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I'd also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and businesses, sales and expense forecast, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission including its form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael S. Aberman: Thanks, Bob. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. As we'd like to give as many people a chance to ask questions, I remind everyone to please limit yourselves to one question. Again, as a reminder, our team will be available in our office after the call for any follow-up. Thank you, operator, if you can now please open the call for questions.
Michael S. Aberman: Operator, we have time for one last question, and for those who didn't make it on the call, we apologize. We'll make sure to try to get to you next time, and you know we'll be in the office after the call. So, final question.
Michael S. Aberman: I think, with that, I'm going to conclude today's call and thank everybody for participating. And again, we'll be in our office. I know we have a bunch of scheduled calls with you guys. And again, you know how to reach us if you need anything. So take care.
Robert J. Terifay: The Protocol T study has definitely had an impact on the perception of Eylea in the treatment of DME. And it appears that a lot of the growth, much of the growth, is coming at the – share offset from bevacizumab and ranibizumab. We are now focused on trying to grow the market more, as I indicated, by getting more patients into retinal specialists. But the initial growth appears to be primarily at the – coming from the competitors.
Robert J. Terifay: Yeah. I think that, in terms of accounts, we've pretty well penetrated the retinal accounts. And so, our DME business is coming from existing accounts. It is interesting that diabetes is distributed differently in the United States than wet AMD. So, we do see a different geographic disbursement of the sales. But in terms of the accounts, it's pretty much the same accounts.
Robert J. Terifay: Yeah. So, obviously, awareness is very high amongst specialists: cardiologists, lipidologists and endocrinologists, given that the data have come out at the cardiology and lipidology and diabetes meetings. In terms of the differences between the U.S. and Europe, Europe is very much governed by governmental payers. And so, although awareness is very high, it's going to come down to a decision as to which patient types are deemed to be suitable for PCSK9 inhibitor therapy, dependent upon price point. In the United States, as we talked about a little bit on the call earlier, the payers are exerting more involvement than they have in the past, but the physicians can still have choice as to which patients get access to therapy. So, I think uptake in the United States – the patient pool in the United States is likely to be larger than that outside of the United States.
George Damis Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: I think those are great questions. Of course, generally, one would need to have two pivotal trials. So we're hoping that we would be able to complete in one season, one of the studies, though we are prepared to extend it if need be. And I think – you point to the potential opportunity here. There's a large unmet need. RSV is, in terms of total numbers, occurs much more frequently in full-term infants, as you point out, and it causes a lot of disease and morbidity in that population, where, right now, treatment is not standard of care, and it would be wonderful to that population to offer them an alternative that – or to offer them a therapy that could actually prevent this serious disease in infants. So, it's possible that that could comprise a large part of the opportunity.
George Damis Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. And I just want to make a few comments. Obviously, this is a relatively new field. But now I think, over the last few years, the field has really recognized some things that make a huge difference. Of course, as Bob said, one of the problems is that there's a low diagnosis rate, and there's a low treatment rate right now. However, there's also now the recognition from the entire field that anti-VEGFs really are a dramatic improvement over the previous standard of care and approaches, including laser therapy and so forth. So I think that's a really big recognition. And, of course, another huge piece of data now comes from the Protocol T study that says that some anti-VEGF agents are much more powerful at controlling the disease, and improving vision, than other anti-VEGF agents. So, we believe that there is a very large unmet need here, in terms of patients not being diagnosed and not being treated with anti-VEGF therapy, and not receiving, obviously, the best anti-VEGF therapy. And that's a very, very large opportunity.
George Damis Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, we certainly are very gratified that this genetically defined pathway can indeed be followed up with the biologic, and you can see the right type of biological responses without untoward effect, sort of as the genetics would have predicted. So, that is very gratifying for the whole field of genetics and genomics and so forth. This is a very complicated area. You talked about registrational endpoints and so forth. This is a very young field. There really hasn't been too much done in this area. So that's still a developing area, in terms of how one would approve it. And in terms of combinations, that's still very early in our program, and certainly, there's a lot of competitive issues there, so I'm not going to necessarily get into what we might imagine. But certainly, this is an area where we think that there's the possibility of taking this one pathway, where you see this moderate benefit, perhaps, and combining it with others, and perhaps increase the benefit, both in terms of the anatomy and in terms of the function, and be able to provide a more meaningful result to patients.
George Damis Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Right. Well, my prior comments, I think, were just that. In that I think that these questions point out that the current standard of care is that the actual infants that are treated with the RSV therapeutics is very, very limited and there is a much broader population that, in fact, the CDC has actually said could dramatically benefit if this type of approach could be made more broadly. And certainly, that is shaping our thinking, and I think that's about – that about represents our perspective.
George Damis Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, I think you just gave away the answer, yes and yes is the answer. I think that we all know that this is a very exciting new class and target, and we have, as we've already indicated, we have multiple additional targets, that are within a year or two of development, that are potential partners for this therapy in various settings. And we also are very actively looking to molecules outside of our own pipeline with which to combine it. And we think it's very early in the whole entire immuno-oncology field to understand how to really best harness the potential and the power of this field. And so we're very excited to be a part of it, and we're very excited to have what, even from our very early clinical studies, looks to be an active molecule that's out there.
George Damis Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. I just wanted to make a couple of comments. I think, as Len correctly pointed out, I think the most important potential difference for the patients is the option – and for their physicians – is the option to choose between a lower dose or a higher dose, certainly for initiation of therapy. But just to – as Len said, to get the facts right, our 150-milligram dose is actually a more concentrated formulation, not a less concentrated formulation. And also, in terms of that, when, for example, their monthly dose's form is actually a – 3 mLs worth of an injection. So, these are actually things that – depending on how you look at it, would actually be considered in our favor. But those are minor details. I think the important point is Len's point about the fact that we have the flexibility of dosing, and the patients, and the physicians can, based on their baseline LDL and their goals, can decide which dosage form to initiate therapy with.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: So, the answer to your first question is yes, of course, we've met and spoken with, several times, the CEO, as we would – expected to do with such an important collaborator of ours, with Sanofi. I think Olivier was a great choice by Sanofi's board to lead that company. He's got a lot on his plate, but we were pleased to see that, high up on that list, was the relationship with Regeneron. That relationship has got a lot to do, and we've – certainly our focus, both on, how do we make sure that the launches are going to go seamlessly and spectacularly – that's sort of job number one. You do all this hard research and development work, and now we got to finish it off by strong launches. And obviously, we've got three potential launches coming over the next several years. Not just with Praluent for low cholesterol, but also sarilumab for rheumatoid arthritis and, of course, dupilumab for a variety of allergic diseases, including atopic dermatitis, asthma, and perhaps several others. So, we have lots to talk about, the relationship is strong, and we have plenty to do. In terms of the – your question is whether there's a halo effect of the Protocol T, I've heard several people suggest that that's the case. One person told me that previously, a practice might be able to just carry Avastin, if they didn't want to get into the buy and build business, but when they see the Protocol T data, they feel they have to carry Eylea, because there's such a differential there. And once they start doing it, and then they might be more inclined to use it for AMD. I don't know how often that sort of scenario plays out, but I can imagine some sort of a halo effect. Of course, we're out of the promotional aspect about this. We can – we don't talk to doctors about Protocol T, we don't promote it. Our field force doesn't promote it, because it's not in our label. But the good thing about the retinal community is that they have lots and lots of meetings. And it's already been presented at a retinal specialty meeting. It's been – was presented – I was at the ARVO meetings over the past several days, it will be presented again at several – at the ASRS and several other retinal meetings. So they have lots of opportunity to hear – and frankly better than to hear from us, which we can't do. They hear from the people who conducted the studies, who make a very strong presentation about the results. So, I think it will move market share. In DME, I think it will increase market share, moving more people to get treated, and I think it potentially could have a halo effect.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: The one qualitative thing, of course, that we feel very good about is that, when you're going into a new product cycle, which we hope we're going into, it's nice that your flagship product is still really growing very strongly. At 50% year-over-year in the U.S. growth, that was terrific, and that was with a little modest inventory drawdown. I think that that bodes well, that the company is strong and continues to be strong, as we try and broaden our base of important products.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: I would only add perhaps, George, to emphasis your comments, that we hope to have a differentiated product on – in terms of maybe how long it might be able to be – last before you have to give a repeat, or something of that nature. So, it isn't simply, if we do something, the competition can respond in kind commercially, there may be differentiations in the product as well. We'll have to see that as the data goes on.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. The thing about that program that you have to understand is that, you could call these really whatever you want, Phase II/IIIs, Phase IIbs, Phase IIIs. What's going to drive it is not the number of efficacy trials you have or need. What's going to drive this program is the number of patients you need exposed, very – thousands of patients exposed, and that's really going to be the main driver. The efficacy part of this is pretty much in hand for the – across the class. It shows impressive efficacy. Refining the doses, of course, can be done in a IIb/III setting. But really, the way you have to think about this, the way we're thinking about it, is that it's a question of making sure you're getting the adequate exposure done that would support a filing.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: We think – to reiterate what we said in the past, we don't believe we infringed any valid claims. If you've been following this close enough, what we've already said is that, in lieu of a preliminary injunction proceeding, the court's going to give a early trial date, expecting that to be around March of next year. Beyond that, we really don't have much to say. And how we're going to use our month to our advantage is – probably better off we keep that to ourselves, or we'll lose that advantage.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, I'm not sure what the question is. You know we've done a very broad development program that focuses on the people who really could benefit. We think that it would be irresponsible for anybody to suggest that statins aren't the first line of approach here. Statins have been a very good drug. They've been shown to have very strong effects on cardiovascular outcomes. They've been used by millions and millions of people of every race and nationality around the world. There's a strong safety record, and we're – so, we're – we really believe that that's not the marketplace we're going after, obviously. What we're looking for, nevertheless, is that there are millions, if not – maybe even 10 million people who – where statins is not adequate for them, for a variety of reasons. Maybe they've got familial hypercholesterolemia and they just simply can't get their cholesterol where their doctors would like it to go. Maybe they have been on statins and they've had a heart attack, or very high risk and they – still at risk, they need to go even lower. And maybe there are some people who are statin intolerant. I think you've heard all sorts of estimates out there of how many peoples and what the market size is and et cetera, et cetera. I'm sure that those are grossly exaggerated, at least the ones that I've read. I think that this could be an important class of drugs when used properly, and when respecting the fact that statins should be the front line of therapy.
