Michael Aberman, M.D.: Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' second quarter 2015 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President, Commercial; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecasts, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property, and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, which was filed with the SEC this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: Thank you, Bob. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call to Q&A. As we'd like to give as many people a chance to ask questions as possible, we request you limit yourself to one question. Bob Landry and the IR team will be available after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator, you can please open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: Yeah, that will be alternating at the time of opting in. And there is a mechanism for how to deal with combinations where you're combining two different products either in the discovery program or the license side. I don't know if I want to get into that detail. Perhaps after the call.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: I'll – the first question, the answer is yes. We will be exploring all opportunities for combinations. So I don't have specifics, but there's no reason why we couldn't look outside the collaboration for novel combinations. That said, thankfully for us, we have George and his team and we have a plethora of things to do internally. And so those will probably definitely take precedence. In terms of IP, Len? Standard answer.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: Yeah. My comment will be, we're not going to comment on that. We'll let the process go out and you'll hear from Avalanche.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: Great. Thank you everybody for participating in this call. As I mentioned earlier, the IR team as well as our CFO, Bob Landry, is going to be available if there's follow-up questions. We'll be in our office. Please shoot us an email or give us a call and we'll try to get back to you. Thank you very much. Operator, that concludes the call.
Robert J. Terifay: Well in terms of EYLEA growth, the bulk of the growth is coming in DME, both in terms of growing the DME market overall for the anti-VEGF class, as well as taking market share from both Lucentis as well as bevacizumab. We do see some growth in RVO and some slight growth in wet AMD. But the majority of the growth that we're seeing is in DME. In terms of your questions on Praluent, it's too early to talk specifically about payers, but we've always expected that the payers are going to want patients to step through maximally tolerated statin therapy in order to get access to Praluent. And that is our labeling. And so, it's not a surprise that people are advocating for patients to have been on maximally tolerated statin therapy. The IMS data, yes, we intend to utilize IMS data. So, you will see the IMS data in the audits.
Robert J. Terifay: So, the new practices are generally smaller ophthalmology practices that were rebuying Avastin because they were not familiar with all the reimbursement techniques in terms of buy and bill. But with the recent DME data, there's more interest in utilizing EYLEA. With regards to referrals, as we've talked about on the last couple of calls, we are actively working with ophthalmologists as well as optometrists to build awareness of the need for regular screening for eye exams and to get patients to retinal specialists as soon as DME is diagnosed. And we're hoping some of the is starting to pay off.
Robert J. Terifay: So in terms of the sampling, we have to obviously obtain physicians' signatures to be able to get access to the samples, but then it is up to the physician to determine which patients get access to the therapy.
Robert J. Terifay: So, I'll start with the IMS, it's going – as I said earlier, it's going to take several months for us to get to a sales reporting that is reliable based upon it taking some time to get reimbursement, patients being on samples, and patients being on free product. So when the IMS data comes out later this week, it's not going to be terribly reliable. It will improve over time. But again remember, not all of the specialty pharmacies report to IMS, so some of the data are projected. So obviously, ultimately it's going to be our actual sales data that are going to be more reliable. In terms of Praluent distribution, we are distributing through a network of specialty pharmacies.
Robert J. Terifay: In terms of EYLEA dosing, we're trending very close to what we see in our prescribing information which is dosing every eight weeks. I'll remind you, if you look at the number of doses per year in the Protocol T trial, which had a different dosing regimen, they lined up pretty closely to what we saw in our own DME studies. So physicians are generally after an initial loading dose period, able to get patients out for at least eight weeks.
Robert J. Terifay: In terms of the payment terms and remember EYLEA is a buy-and-build product under very different circumstances from Praluent, so we don't have the same terms.
Robert J. Terifay: So, our patient assistance program is consistent with all of our EYLEA indications. We have an income cutoff of $100,000 per patient in terms of income. And if they fall within that, they get access to the patient assistance.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Right. No. These are considered to be pivotal studies and we've discussed very carefully with the FDA in terms of the infant population which is in fact intended to be a somewhat broader population of infants at risk. Thank you.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. On the first question, we certainly feel that the signs suggest and maybe the early clinical data suggest that if anything PD-1, if anything should have somewhat broader efficacy than PD-L1. On the other hand, there may be some patients who might be able to tolerate a PD-L1 better in settings where for example, they maybe getting some toxicity due to for example inhibition of PD-L2. So we think it might be useful to have both components, but certainly we think that PD-1 should be more likely the broader foundational therapy. On the second question, yeah, we're using our standard manufacturing approach, which we've used for all of our other clinical programs for RSV. So, we think it's certainly commercializable.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: In terms of Protocol T, yes, there will be two-year data and certainly we're very interested in seeing what that data will look like.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. We are certainly exploring that opportunity. We agree with you that that is frankly going to be a necessary approach for the entire field to make appropriate progress in this very complex setting. So, I'm sure that we and a lot of other people are thinking and considering that approach.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, just to elaborate on what Len says, I mean, we've done it before. We're going to just do what's right for the program. And we don't necessarily follow the contract because we have such a good relationship with Sanofi. If it makes sense not to alternate as per what's in the contract, we'll do what's right for the program. In terms of RSV, yeah, we are certainly exploring less frequent dosing regimens in the pivotal studies and we have reason to believe that they might work, so we're hoping that the data might support that.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, I think what's going to be required for success here is a really comprehensive approach and bringing to bear many different antibody candidates in the right settings, in the right combinations. And we have not only some of the more carefully characterized targets covered, but we also have a large number of innovative and novel targets. And we think that there's going to be a little bit of magic and maybe a certain degree of luck and a lot of science involved in figuring how to best do this. And this is what we think that we're historically strong at. So this is why we think that this is a great opportunity, because it is so early in the game here and it's going to be a complex business and the complexity I think plays to our advantages.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: So in terms of the filing, we expect to have to do the 16-week data from two of the trials, but we'll expect to have one-year data from the longer-term trial for the initial filing. So we'll have thousands of patients in that initial filing.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Oh, pediatrics. I'm sorry. Those pediatric PK and other preparatory studies as well as getting into actual efficacy studies is really ongoing. There was a panel, a conference on this and the idea was that we should be moving sooner rather than later and not waiting for the outcome of our Phase III data to move into what can be fairly devastating conditions for pediatric patients. So that program is ongoing.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: The payback economics are based upon a percentage of profit, so it's already – it's all embedded in there and it's only based on the percentage. When the product turn profitable we pay a percentage, 10% of our profits back for repayment.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, the notion is that cyclophosphamide might be, in a certain way, not blocking T-cell effectiveness and response while activating a certain type of immune activation pathway, so that it might work well to go in combination with PD-1. In terms of in our first studies, we're going after a board group of diverse patients in terms of cancers.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: But this is a good time to say that. This is Len. Our relationship with Sanofi, as George said in his opening remarks, has really been quite spectacular and has been built on many, many years of closely collaborating on every aspect of what we do, from discovery, to early development, to full development through scale up, and through commercialization now with Praluent. So I think the partners know how to work together, and this will be handled rather straight forwardly. The basic concept from your vantage point is that on half the programs, we'll be taking the lead, on half the programs they'll be taking the lead.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. I don't think – we look at IP very carefully. We're pretty experienced and been in the antibody IP business for a long time. And we should just leave it at that.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, I might just remind everybody that the prime mover of the Avalanche deal for us was to get a look into gene therapy for eye diseases where there is no standard of care already and where gene therapy would be uniquely positioned as a therapeutic choice. So therefore, the risks, rewards of the programs would be greater. Nevertheless as Michael says, we will look at and review this data as we expect to.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: So you're asking the question do we have more doses, which is driving the increase. No, we're not seeing more doses drive, per year driving net sales.
