Michael Aberman: Thank you, operator. Good morning, every and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter and Year End 2013 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today is Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Landry, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President of Commercial. After our prepared remarks we'll open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that, remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecasts, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition.  Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013, which we will filing with the SEC later this week and Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended September 30, 2013, which was filed with the SEC in November 2013. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed at our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thank you, Len. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. As we'd like to give many people a chance to ask questions as possible we again request you to limit yourself to one question. Our team will be available in the office after the call for follow up questions. Thank you and operator and if you could please open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman: Well, thank you -- thanks everybody we appreciate you participating in our fourth quarter call. We look forward to a great 2014 and with that I would like to close the call. 
Robert J. Terifay: Thank you George and good morning everyone. In the United States as Len mentioned earlier, EYLEA or intravitreal aflibercept injection net sales in the fourth quarter of 2013 were $403 million and full year 2013 EYLEA net sales were slightly over $1.4 billion. As we described at a recent investor continue, when we first disclose our 2013 U.S. EYLEA net sales results, the fourth quarter sales based on slowdown for Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays but were also helped by modest inventory build at the end of the year. Now I will provide more detail on the market dynamics. We will be sharing with you some qualitative data from our market research survey that was independently conducted in the fourth quarter. As before this data come from physician-based questionnaires, in this case from 200 representative physicians. I will share with you with you the numbers that were reported in this survey. But I would like to remind you that these numbers of physician reported estimates, based on our survey.  Let me begin with the Wet AMD indication. In the fourth quarter of 2013 according to our surveyed physicians we had approximately half of the branded anti-VEGF market. The branded anti-VEGF market continues to represent about half of the total wet AMD market.  Turning now to the second indication for which EYLEA is approved in the United States, Macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion our data from our market research survey suggest that during the fourth quarter EYLEA achieved over 40% share of the approved anti VEGF products indication.  The branded market represents 45% of the overall macular edema following CRVO indication. As Len and George mentioned earlier the FDA has accepted our supplemental BLA for EYLEA in diabetic macular edema or DME. And we've been granted a PDUFA date of August 18, 2014. DME could be as a big market opportunity as wet AMD.  It is estimated that approximately 600,000 patients are diagnosed annually with clinically significant diabetic macular edema in the United States. Of these patients about 40% are treated with anti-VEGF therapy.  We also expect our supplemental BLA for EYLEA for the treatment of macular edema following branched retinal vein occlusion or BRVO be filed in the United States before the end of first quarter 2014. In 2014 we expect U.S. EYLEA net sales to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion. We anticipate continued net sales growth in the United States from a growing number of patients diagnosed with wet AMD increasing market share of Macular edema following CRVO and a potential launch in diabetic macular edema late August 2014.  Please keep in mind that as Len mentioned given potential inventory normalization in the first half of the year and the potential DME approval in late August the growth in U.S. EYLEA net sales may occur more towards the second half of 2014.  Turning now to the ex-U.S. EYLEA business where we split profits with Bayer HealthCare. Fourth quarter ex-U.S. EYLEA net sales were $184 million. The strong fourth quarter growth is a function of continued ex-U.S. rollout. EYLEA has approximately 40% to 50% of the market in wet AMD in Germany, Australia and Japan, and has recently launched in additional countries in Europe including the UK and France. As of the end of 2013 EYLEA has received regulatory approval for the treatment of wet AMD in over 50 countries. EYLEA is also approved in the EU in macular edema following CRVO indication.  Through the remainder of the year we expect Bayer to embark on additional launches in both of these indications following regulatory and pricing approvals. Let's put the EYLEA opportunity outside the United States in to context.  Bayer HealthCare is still in the early stages of launch. Today EYLEA only accounts for about 17% of the overall branded ex-U.S. anti-VEGF sales. There is a significant opportunity for continued growth outside of the United States. Bayer has also submitted an application for marketing authorization in Europe for DME. With that let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Landry. 
Robert J. Terifay: I think I don’t want to split it out our survey data for new versus switched patients, what I would say is that the majority of our business that is not on -- from continuing patients is now on new patients which is very encouraging. We’ve really got that pool of switched patients earlier on and now it’s we’re fighting it out to get new patients, by new patients our share in new patients is greater than our share in switches.  With regard to the DME growth I think that the opportunity is similar to what we saw in with wet AMD, there is a dissatisfied group of patients who will be switched and our real opportunity is to grow the market because quite frankly laser therapy is not appropriate and most patients were set with DME with central vision and we have to get that message out.
Robert J. Terifay: Over the short term there are no anticipated changes but right now the whole health care environment is uncertain so I can't talk about what might happen in the future.
Robert J. Terifay: So Len I think one thing people need to keep in mind when they're looking at about $250 million number is that Lucentis is dosed at a 0.3 milligram dose in DME. So it's three-fifth of the price in AMD. So you really can't compare AMD and DME numbers. 
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks Bob and thank you everybody else. 2014 is a promising year for us. We believe that we have the key elements that are required for long term growth, deepening our existing franchise advancing our broad and active pipeline investing in new technologies such as new initiatives in human genomics and expanding our presence globally. With that I would now turn the call over to Michael.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah I mean I think the FDA reserves the right to call a panel if they need one, we've had no indication to-date that there will be one, but it's not too late if they choose to but right now they haven't. I don't know if that's helpful but that's the way it works. 
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, and just to be clear the data coming up at the Quad AI at the end of this month would be the Phase IIa data. And then as George indicated we will be additionally getting Phase IIb data perhaps later this quarter or the second quarter. So lots going on in the atopic dermatitis area and the asthma Phase IIb program is very large study that's well underway in terms of enrollment. So this is a pretty exciting area for us. 
Leonard S. Schleifer: Well in terms of the target we've said many times that it's potentially interesting to combine PDGF and EYLEA. We also think it's potentially interesting and maybe more interesting to combine [inaudible] and EYLEA. And I think other people can speak to their own data but we don't view this as a done deal just yet and I don't George you want to get into it that or not give anything on trial design. 
Leonard S. Schleifer: I don't think it's appropriate for us to be doing any cross trial comparisons at this point if at all let's wait until we get our data and then I think the rheumatology community will be able to assess, I think as George indicated in his talk the fact that we have both two different dosing regimens that we've been able to demonstrate I think reasonable data with both may afford a nice choice given subcutaneously et cetera. By the way give regard to Geoff because this is fourth time in all that somebody stood in for him and we hope he's okay. 
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, I think that's a little bit proprietary so we will have to duck that one. But we will give you another question if you have one.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, good question. The second question, in terms of the size of the DME markets you are correct. We are launching into a market that is much less mature than the AMD market that is assuming we get approval we will launching into a market there is much less mature and therefore you are correct the number of actual switches available might be less.  On the other hand our statement that the market could be as large really was a demographic statement relating to the number of patients with DME and the fact that the disease is often bilateral, the number of eyes that could be needed to be treated. And the fact that a significant fraction of the market is now still laser at least according to the several meeting that I have been the people feel that laser user usage will be decreasing dramatically.  In terms of we did not give specific sequential quarterly guidance but you are correct that we were suggesting that there could be a negative effect of on the first quarter of this year based on inventory realignment and plus the growth that we're predicting. As I said it's tilted more towards the second half of the year especially post the approval of DME if it comes in August. 
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah so I think what we've said is that we're not going to comment on the specifics of our outcome data progress enrolment et cetera because it is a very competitive field. We have indicated that in terms of what's required for filing with the FDA wanted to see some progress and I am not going to get some specifics there but they were looking at progress in terms of the number of events and a blinded setting in one group or the other overall number of events.  So they knew the progress was -- so the progress of the trial was moving along but we don't want to get into the specifics there either because each program they have its own nuances. So hope that helps. Next question. 
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah, as this is also very highly scrutinized area because of concerns about anti-VEGF agents with regard to systemic adverse events and the so called AT/PT events as well as deaths. And of course we found it very comforting that are systemic, serious systemic adverse events were similar between all groups as was the -- our serious adverse events declined by the AT/PT criteria.  And in terms of death it's very important to point out that the 2 milligram every other month group, which produced data virtually identical to that of the monthly group was numerically very similar to that of the laser control group, the monthly group did have numerically a higher number but that was not even normally significantly different from the laser control group.  So overall we are continuing to wait for the second study but I think that in the field we're pretty comforted by this data. 
George D. Yancopoulos: I think we are viewing a situation where the program can impact every aspect of everything that we do and I can tell you we've already had results that have impacted how we think about, how we design our programs and so forth. So this is the continuous data. We will certainly be taking advantage of it in a continuous fashion of course we hope that there will be some huge breakthroughs that will also lead to important new therapeutics opportunities. And we also anticipate that there will be a lot of publishing going on continuously also not only from our selves but importantly from our collaborators such as Geisinger.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah, it's probably a bit premature to get into those details, Jason. So but stay tuned this is an exciting area. 
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, certainly very soon as we announced in the first quarter we will be getting data from our Phase IIB study in atopic dermatitis. We certainly hope that, that data will confirm and extend the data to-date and as we indicated we think that, that is a very large opportunity on itself and it's an earlier program in terms of moving towards the market and towards approval in asthma. In terms of asthma obviously we are going to be doing the Phase IIb and we are going to be anticipating that data in terms of also confirming what we've seen to-date better establishing our dose relationship and going forward into the real cause. 
George D. Yancopoulos: I don't think we're going to be talking about the details of our trial design at this point. But as Len said we're very excited about the fact that we have the opportunity to combine both of these agents in terms of either the PDGF agent or the anti-agents in the same as intro-vitrial formulation as EYLEA which I think if either of these agents can walk for a substantive advantage I think that would be very attractive and convenient to patients for getting a single injection with both the agents in it.  Okay. Next question. 
George D. Yancopoulos: So I just wanted to add to that we think the field is far from knowing the best way to use biologics as you already heard there is a substantial number of patients who don’t respond best to TNS and I think that it's both an issue of the right trials being done and trial designs and so forth. The best get the best biologic to the best patients and I think that’s going to be important way of expanding the opportunity of anti-VEGF agents in general in this space. 
George D. Yancopoulos: Well right now we view the pre-clinical data is actually stronger for ANG potent II. They both are acting predominantly on the blood vessels as opposed to PDGF which is acting on the smooth muscles. So I guess theoretically there is some rationale a possibility of the three way combination but I think actually first we are going to have to -- as a field to convincingly demonstrate that either agent on top of anti-VEGF have a substantial advantage.  Okay, next question.
