Michael Aberman, M.D.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' third quarter 2015 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President, Commercial; and Bob Landry, our Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions and answers. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecasts, financial forecasts, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, which was filed with the SEC this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, the team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Leonard Schleifer.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: Thank you, Bob. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call to Q&A. As we'd like to give as many people a chance to ask questions as possible, as always, we request you to limit yourself to one question. For other questions that you don't get to ask, our team will be available in our office after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you, and operator, if you could please open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: In terms of PDGF, as you probably know, it's not appropriate for use in diabetic macular edema. So certainly, the ANG2 has a broader potential application.
Michael Aberman, M.D.: Thank you, everybody, for joining. Operator, this will be the conclusion of our call. And again, if you have any follow-up questions, please e-mail myself, Manisha, Colleen (59:00), on the IR team and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, first of all, as formulary access, we've always stated and Bob has stated that the company believes what's best in this field for patients is that patients and doctors have a choice, and they are the ones who make the decision. And so, that's where we'd like to see things turn out. How things actually turn out and the size of rebates, et cetera, et cetera, is not something that we can predict or speculate or comment on at this time. If Bob wants to comment on the EYLEA gaining share or, go ahead Bob.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. And of course, building the whole pipeline of immuno-oncology under one program allows us, I guess, George, to do combinations which...
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. As far as the interim analyses, this is speculation, because it's not based on enrollment or time. It's based on the number of events. We think there's a good possibility that we could see both analyses during 2016, based on the event rate that we've seen. The first one is, George mentioned, would be for futility, and the second one would be for futility and overwhelming efficacy.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: And just remember, for example, as Bob mentioned I think in his remarks, that Medicare can take up to six months. And many of our – since one of our main indications is for people who have atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and insufficient lowering, with current therapies, of their LDL, many – since they have disease, many of these people are elderly, are Medicare, and they may not get coverage for six months, which would put us into the early part of next year.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. Well, we can take it offline because I do have a lot of thoughts on the subject of drug pricing. I am a big believer that we need pricing power in this industry. Pricing power comes from patents. I like to say, remember what President Lincoln said is, that patents add the fuel of interest to the fire of genius. And I think that basically translated into modern terms, capital being the fuel that fires things up here, capital is agnostic. And it will only go where we can get a good return. So, if we want innovation, we want new drugs, we have to figure out ways to make sure that it's attractive for investors, and that means to be able to reasonably price. On the other hand, to some respect, the pharmaceutical industry, maybe might say the biopharmaceutical industry, is reviled for lots of different reasons and is attacked from many different quarters, including some from my next door neighbor in town, Secretary Clinton, and sometimes for very good reason. There have been some scandalous things that are done in the industry. You read them about every day, and it's no surprise if you couple that with high prices that people get very disgusted with the industry. On the other hand, as I said, if you're an innovative company such as – that we are – innovation needs to be rewarded but you have to do it in a way where you create value for patients in the healthcare system. So, Mark I would like to just go back to – I'd like to say that we have a lot we can say on that issue – but I prefer changing the subject back to what I thought I heard you say which is we had a fantastic quarter, which is nice of you to say that. Next question.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: So, compliance for a drug that is preventative for a silent killer can be very difficult because people for lots of reasons don't want to think or admit that they have problems that need to be treated. They feel fine. Why do I have to take these medicines, et cetera, et cetera? In terms of specifically compliance for Praluent, the only thing – the only data that we have because it's too early to tell from the commercial world yet – the only data we have is from our clinical trials where, I believe, and Bob or George can correct me if I'm wrong, that the compliance for the injections was extremely high, even higher perhaps than for the concomitant statin therapy that people were on.
Leonard S. Schleifer, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. I mean, I think, Bob has said in his talk and what's important to emphasize is that we have a low dose option and that's the recommended starting dose. And what we're seeing in our prescriptions is 90% of docs are opting for that recommended low 75-milligram starting dose, so we think that's resonating with physicians. Beyond that, I think it will kind of much further to say, it's too early.
Robert J. Terifay: So obviously, we've been encouraged by the growth that we've seen, especially in DME with market share. Physicians have been very pleased with the outcomes of the independent Protocol T study which compared the three available products for DME in the marketplace, and have adopted EYLEA very rapidly there. To project where things are going to go in the future, Ying, I can't do that for you. So, we'll have to see how the market plays out.
Robert J. Terifay: I would caution you, if you look at the IMS prescription data, the numbers are very, very small right now. Both companies are offering samples and have bridge programs for patients who don't yet have insurance coverage, to allow patients to get access to the product while we're working with the payers to achieve coverage. So, it's hard – I wouldn't project anything off samples at this – or off RXs at this time.
Robert J. Terifay: That is the situation with the clinical program. One thing I would say is that Praluent is an injectable specialty product. The nice thing about that is we have to refill the prescription by mail on a monthly basis to the patient. So, we have an opportunity to encourage patient adherence with the product on a monthly basis, actually with outbound calls or if the patient wants a text message or however. So, I do hope that with the constant contact with the patients, we will be able to add to the adherence. I will also say that at least from the clinical program, the safety profile for Praluent was very good so the patients were not feeling bad on the product which should also help with adherence.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, just as Len said, we let the data speak and help us guide our decision, so we can't predict how it will work out.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. I mean, certainly, we're moving it along. And I think, as with any complex setting like this in a rare disease, it's going to be – we're going to have to deal with the complexities of dealing with the patient population and also try and design the right clinical study where it's not clear that all the right endpoints and approaches have been defined to date. So, it's a complex problem, but we do think that there's a lot of reason for hope here. And we hope to do our best to bring the – to develop this in the right way and see if we can really make a difference in these patients' lives.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Okay. All right. So as you all know, this is an event-driven trial and it all depends on when the events actually occur and that's not entirely predictable. But the interim analyses are gated to occur when 50% of the events have occurred. That initial analysis will be an interim analysis by the Data Safety Monitoring Board for futility. And then when 75% of the events have occurred, there will be a second interim analysis for both futility and overwhelming efficacy.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yes. I do think that it's important to point out that, I mean, obviously, safety here will be key because of the longstanding experience with EYLEA in this space. And so I think that that will be the first thing people, physicians should not want to be endangering their patients' lives for a little bit of benefit. But if there is a benefit in the setting of good safety, I think it's important to point out that I think any benefit should be of interest to physicians, particularly because, in our approach, we will be providing both agents in a single intra-vigial (40:15) approach. So, for example, if physicians had to think about giving a second injection to gain just a little bit of efficacy, that would take maybe, a lot more thinking. But the fact that it's all provided in a single intra-vigial (40:29) injection, assuming that the safety is good, you would think that any benefit would then be adopted by the physicians and their patients.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. We agree with you. I mean, our goal is to have our bispecific program essentially achieve the sort of efficacies that one can imagine by genetically engineering the T cells themselves but also producing, and as you said, a logistically much more reasonable way, for more widespread utilization by physicians and patients. So, yeah, our target, our goal, and the science that's backing it up, is hoping that we are going to be achieving those levels of efficacy. It may not be an immediate – there may have to be combinations of bispecifics and so forth – but that is, indeed, the goal.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. That's also an important point in that, as we've seen with the CAR T cells, one will be able to, for example, slowly dial up the bispecific level to get more gradual kill, which could result in much better safety and efficacy in the patients. And also, in settings where one might want to withdraw treatment, either temporarily or permanently, you have those opportunities as well. So, as Len said, there is the possibility – and there's also the possibility of mixing and matching the right bispecifics, that one could get actually even better efficacy and improved safety and so forth. But of course, it's going to be a long process. There's going to be a lot of work to be done, and there's a lot of unknowns here. But we have a lot of potential here, we feel.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. I think that that's the one thing that we are, perhaps, the most excited about is – it's not clear to me if anybody else has the toolkit – has built a toolkit over the years that we have here. And that we have here, in ways which are more easily, perhaps, matched and tested. So, that's one of the reasons we also have a lot of excitement about this program.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: And remember, you don't know what to root for because, if the drug works really well, you'll actually accrue events at a lower rate, so it's complicated.
George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D.: And I think it should also be pointed out that paradoxically, one should realize that there may be advantages vis-à-vis compliance with long-acting antibody drugs because if you're late by a day or even a week or longer with the dose, it's not like skipping even a day or let alone a week with one of these small molecule drugs where you completely lose your efficacy, because these are such long-acting drugs. So, I think that in terms of the biological effects and the ability, not that we would encourage it, but being late or even missing a dose, you can still retain long-term biological effects. And I think that that's – those sorts of effects of missing doses of short-acting drugs, obviously, that's been demonstrated in other fields such as in the hypertension field and so forth – so I think that that's something to consider as a major advantage for long-acting biologicals.
