Justin Holko: Thank you, Deborah. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to everyone listening around the globe. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, and welcome to the third quarter 2020 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Dr. George Yancopoulos, Co-Founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Senior Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial -- Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on today's call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecasts and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, as well as intellectual property, pending litigation, other proceedings and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020, which has been filed with the SEC today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Dr. Leonard Schleifer.
Justin Holko: Thank you, Bob. Deborah, that concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. We have more than 20 callers in the queue. So to ensure that we are able to address as many callers as possible, we will answer one question from each caller before moving to the next. Please go ahead, Deborah.
Justin Holko: Thanks to everyone for joining today's call. We appreciate you dialing in, knowing that many other companies are reporting today. So thank you for your attention and for your questions. Bob Landry and the IR team will be available for additional questions and calls as needed today. Thank you, everyone. Be safe.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Justin, and thanks to everyone joining today's call. In the third quarter, Regeneron delivered another strong financial performance of double-digit top and bottom line growth while achieving numerous milestones in our research and development pipeline and making remarkable progress against COVID-19 with our novel antibody cocktail. Importantly, our growth and financial strength is being fueled by an increasingly diversified set of revenue and earnings streams while we invest in R&D for the long term. Furthermore, our results show the importance of products that meaningfully address serious medical needs and have the power to transform lives even during a pandemic. EYLEA is a great example. EYLEA Global net sales were $2.1 billion in the quarter and grew 9% compared to the same period last year. In the U.S., sales rebounded from second quarter COVID lows to $1.3 billion and grew 11% versus prior year. The efficacy, safety and convenience that EYLEA offers in protecting eyesight had proven to be highly valued by treating physicians and their patients as the product again outperformed the anti-VEGF market for retinal diseases. Next, we continue to build momentum with Dupixent as we in Sanofi recorded our first ever quarter of more than $1 billion in sales. This milestone speaks to the power of Dupixent across a broad array of type 2 inflammatory diseases and to our team's ability to execute despite COVID-19. Adding to this momentum, we've recently announced results from another successful Phase III trial, this time in pediatric asthma. We are eager to submit these data for regulatory review and expect that Dupixent will remain a robust and durable growth driver for years to come. In oncology, we are solidifying our leadership position in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Additionally, the FDA has granted priority review for our regulatory filings in lung cancer and basal cell carcinoma as we prepare for potential launches in these indications early next year. Regeneron is also making critical advancements in the treatment of infectious diseases. Last month, the FDA approved Inmazeb, the first-ever treatment for Ebolba virus infection. Building upon our work in Ebola, our team and rapid response technologies have developed our novel REGN-COV2 antibody cocktail in the fight against COVID-19. Last week, we announced another major data set from our outpatient study that showed our antibody cocktail significantly reduced viral loads as well as medically attended visits, such as emergency room visits and hospitalizations. We have submitted these data to regulators and eagerly await guidance on next steps. In closing, we could not be prouder of our teams and everything they have been able to achieve across the organization in the third quarter and in 2020 to date. Our momentum is accelerating with an impressive growth profile. In 2021, we look forward to building upon that momentum with several important launches for Libtayo, Dupixent and other programs, further enhancing our diverse growth platform. We are excited by the progress we are making against COVID-19, and we are confident that our investments in R&D to broaden and advance our pipeline across all stages will position Regeneron well for sustained growth. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: So it's Len. We have said that we are focusing on the patient population where the data comes from, which is outpatients who have the best baseline characteristics, which would make us think that they would benefit the most, whether that's risk factors or high viral titer or eventually perhaps low antibodies. Those are the sorts of patients we are focused on as an outpatient. There is no PDUFA time line for the EUA. We expect action in the relative near future, but there's no guarantee that will come. The FDA is doing a very careful analysis. We can tell from the kinds of questions we're getting. And we hope that it will be -- reach a successful conclusion. But we don't know the time line because there are no specific time lines. We do know they're working just about as hard as we can imagine and have seen the FDA work. So we're hopeful soon, we'll get an answer.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Yes. Just -- so just to amplifying on what George said, Yaron, and he said it, I just think it's worth repeating that we did see an effect in the overall population. It's just, as he said, that effect was driven by the people who needed the antibody and that they hadn't mounted their own immune response. That observation, which is something that the team predicted, which is that people who mounted their own immune response wouldn't benefit so much from giving them more of an antibody makes perfect sense. And those that hadn't mounted their own immune response would benefit much more also makes perfect sense, and that is exactly what they saw. And you even see it in the placebo-treated patients that if you don't have antibodies, you start with a very high viral load. If you do have antibodies, you're already 3 logs lower. So all of the biology that George and the team predicted and described was borne out in a very exciting way. So I think it's just a matter of where you see the effect being driven by, not whether or not you can treat an entire population.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Yes. Let me just also add to that, Geoff, 2 things. First of all, as -- I think George pointed out in his presentation when we first disclosed this data. There's a very high correlation between the baseline viral load and whether or not you have antibodies. It's -- on average, you're 3 logs higher if you don't have antibodies and viral load. So you could use viral load. And everybody who's going to get treated has a viral load test. They have a PCR test. It's reported as -- back as positive, but there's actual cycle time. So I think the testing of reporting -- a testing doesn't necessarily have to change, perhaps the reporting has to change in terms of what your cycle time is. A very low cycle time, meaning very high viral load predicts low or no antibodies. So that could be used, as George said, to screen patients. The second thing is our partner, Roche, is really one -- probably is the leading company for testing. They have a platform for antibodies that can test hundreds of millions of people per quarter, and it's deployed in, I think, like 70,000 different points of care. So we're working with them to see whether that test can be validated with our dataset or not. So I think there are lots of ways to get at this. You could use -- you can treat everybody, obviously, limiting to the people who have risk factors or you could start to narrow it down to people who have high viral load, low cycle time or eventually with our partners' capabilities, people who at point-of-care have no antibodies. So I think there's a lot of flexibility. It's just that we don't have all this buttoned down in this emergency situation. And it will probably evolve fairly quickly if we get an EUA.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Right. George can -- sorry, I was going to say, George can deal with that. I was going to just deal quickly with the manufacturing question, which is we are scaling up and we expect to be able to make substantially more next year than we were able to make this year. Obviously, we'll have a full year of manufacturing, which we didn't -- we did not have a full year of manufacturing to deliver the 300,000 doses. And we expect to have more facilities that are now operational and dedicated, plus we expect to multiply that with our partner, Roche, who really has been a terrific partner so far. And they, as you know -- because we see their might because we compete with them in many fronts, they're really sophisticated in the biologics space with their Genentech history and the manufacturing capacity. And they're working very hard to bring online very enhanced and large manufacturing capacity. I'll let George deal with the question about combination therapy.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Well, it all depends on, as you said, these dose escalation studies, how they progress and proceed, we certainly hope that we will be getting signals of efficacy sooner rather than later, but it all depends on the clinical development and how that all goes. But we remain incredibly enthusiastic and excited about this class, and we're investing enormously. As I said, we have pairs of CD3 and CD28 bispecifics for numerous different cancers, not only the ones that are already in the clinic, but ones that will be entering into the pipeline over the next year or 2 or 3. So we're very excited about this class and the potential of combining them with the 2 sets of bispecifics as well as with the PD-1.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: So first of all, we should point out that we remain blinded to what's going on in those 2 cohorts that were paused. They weren't halted, they were paused so that the IDMC could evaluate the ongoing patients and then decide what to do going forward. We do not know whether there really is any safety signal. And as you said, I think theoretically, there is not really a great deal of rationale why there might be a safety signal there. You could come up with all sorts of complicated scenarios to explain it. But until we're unblinded to the data, until we really get to look at it, at this point, it could simply be that there's lack of efficacy or maybe even early trends which will reverse. So as you said, theoretically, it does not make a great deal of sense. I think the whole concept of what they call ADE or antibody-dependent enhancement, is something that does not look like it's really playing a role in this disease. So we remain hopeful that there is not going to be a safety signal and eventually, at least in some subset of these patients, even the hospitalized patients that we may provide a benefit.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Yes. I'm not sure what you mean by Lilly didn't see the same thing. They didn't actually look for where their effect was. And right now, the way the program works is, we are not having any evidence of any untoward effect and maybe just a very small benefit in the seropositive patients who have their own antibodies. I think that if one could actually do point-of-care testing, which is unfortunately, at this moment, not immediately available in most cases. Once the drug might be available, let's say, under an EUA, you might want to limit it to patients based on those characteristics. However, because the benefit/risk does not have any evidence of negative untoward effects in those individuals, one could just treat the entire population, even though the benefit is mostly driven by those who, as we described, are seronegative, have higher viral loads and/or have high risk factors.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: And I'm sure, by the way, if Lilly did the same detailed analysis, they would see that their benefit would also be driven by the same sets of patients. They just didn't do those analyses.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Right. I think what -- as we just said, and as Len amplified on, the effect is seen in the overall population. It's just driven by those individuals who have the characteristics that we described. The notion is that just as in the clinical studies, it could be given to all of the eligible outpatients because there is no risk to be -- to the individuals who won't benefit the most. So I think that -- the strategy, of course, I think, would be taken would be to limit the drug right now without doing any of the advanced screening and so forth. But to the people who are at the highest risk of progressing to needing medical attention, give it to those people, irregardless if you don't have the point-of-care testing, irregardless of their baseline viral load or their antibody status. In the future, if such testing became available, then you might not want to waste the drug on the people who might not benefit. But initially, I think it would be given to the people who are at the highest risk of developing complications with the goal of preventing those. As we showed in the study, you will reduce dramatically the need for further medical attention. If you give it to individuals and the higher risk the population that you give it to, the NMT goes down. But the only reason really to limit it at this point is because there's going to be limitations for the amount of doses available to treat.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: But just to simplify, initially, we believe it will be used in the overall population based on risk factors with that regard to serology or viral load. And as Len said, eventually, as these approaches evolve and change, it may allow targeting of the drug to those who might even benefit the most.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Yes. I think the most important thing to note is because the mechanism of action, our treatment is just an antibody that is essentially analogous to the endogenous antibodies that many of the individuals are making. As I described, we're just providing it to those people who are either slow or failing to make their own antibodies. There's no expectation and no mechanistic rationale for any safety interactions of concern. There should not be any reason why you couldn't mix this with essentially any drug that doesn't have untoward side effects because all we're doing is giving you more of the antibodies that your body normally makes. So that said, you could theoretically combine our treatment with any other treatment without any reason to believe that there would be negative interactions. I remind you that right now, where our data stands and where we are -- we have filed for the EUA is in the outpatient setting, where these other modalities are not being given at this point. So it's going to take future studies plus analyses in the hospitalized patients where you look at patients who had combination therapies to determine whether patients who have these combinations do better than patients who just receive one or the other therapy alone. But in the outpatient setting, right now with our data, it will be our antibody because those are not patients where remdesivir or dexamethasone is currently a standard of care.
Dr. George Yancopoulos: Yes. I think that right now, we'll -- you'll get updates on the BCMA program at ASH. We have announced that we're going to be entering into a pivotal program very soon. And I guess it's fair to say that it makes sense that we would be developing, yes, a subcutaneous formulation.
Marion McCourt: I'll do -- I will do my best. And first, let me comment that in the times of pandemic, there probably was more of an impact on patients with diabetic eye disease not either receiving a diagnosis or coming in for treatment, but were starting to see recovery in that. I'm pleased to report that on the split of use of EYLEA by indication, we are approaching 60% for wet AMD, which means over 40% of our business is coming from other indications inclusive of the diabetic eye disease. So on balance, we continue to see diabetic eye disease as our largest future opportunity going forward, but we are the market-leading anti-VEGF therapy across all indications.
Marion McCourt: Certainly, I'm happy to comment. And today, certainly, we reported, as did Sanofi, very strong results for Dupixent, both in the U.S. and ex U.S. markets. The really important thing to keep in mind is while we've made certainly inroads in helping atopic dermatitis patients and patients with respiratory conditions of asthma and nasal polyps, there is still are -- in all of those indications that are currently approved, not to mention the future indications, a lot of incremental unmet need. And then beyond that, to your point of strategies and promotional platform and activities to advance the market, Dupixent has been very responsive to promotion. We've been seeing certainly uptick in new initiations and also a remarkable consistency of patients staying on therapy because of the results that they're receiving either in their skin condition or their respiratory condition. So we'll continue to do that. We're looking at a lot of different mechanisms for advancing our promotional platform. We have highly effective field teams in the marketplace. We also benefit from very strong reimbursement across indications and across age groups and certainly, we'll continue to advance on all the in-line indications we currently have, and we'll be very, very well prepared for our future indications as well.
Marion McCourt: Ronny, in terms of performance of EYLEA in the anti-VEGF category, as I mentioned, we are seeing a rebound in terms of patient treatment coming back into offices. We see an advance in EYLEA's performance versus a year ago. And then coupled with that, we are seeing an increment in share gain from both branded and unbranded competitors. I also mentioned, if I just put it into volume terms for you in the branded marketplace that EYLEA now approaches just over, in fact, 70% of the branded market in the quarter by volume. So we're seeing robust performance and we would attribute that to EYLEA's overall value proposition for retina specialists in choosing anti-VEGF therapy, the -- certainly, the clinical profile, efficacy profile, flexibility of dosing. Now the prefilled syringe is incredibly timely is a convenience, but also in the current environment of office throughput in efficiency, and then beyond that, the established safety.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So I think we all learned a lot about -- I'm sorry, Len, you go first. I'll come back if you'd like.
Marion McCourt: No. I was just going to comment that I think that the -- for a product entering the marketplace today, it's not assumed anymore that a safety profile will be there until the product has actual market experience. So I just would mention at the start, we always monitor competition very, very carefully, both in market currently and future competition. But certainly, EYLEA sets a very high bar in terms of the clinical profile, the safety profile and the level of experience. But Len, over to you.
