Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Justin and thanks to everyone for joining the call. I hope all of you are staying safe and well. We very much appreciate your efforts to join given the pandemic conditions and even on top of that northeast some power disruption from the storm, but business continues. We had an eventful and productive second quarter in terms of financial results, business development and corporate accomplishments. In the second quarter, our results demonstrated resilience and strength despite the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to driving double-digit top and bottom line growth, we continue to deliver meaningful advances in our broad and innovative pipeline as well as in our fight against COVID-19 with our novel antibody cocktail. Regeneron continues to execute well in this unprecedented time for our company and our nation in the world. Starting with our products, EYLEA global net product sales were $1.75 billion in the second quarter, a modest decline of 6% compared to the prior year. In the U.S., we generated sales of $1.11 billion, with a pronounced and sustained rebound in demand in May and June, following the decline in sales we experienced in early April. This rebound has continued into July and demand is now approaching pre-COVID levels. The efficacy, safety and convenience of EYLEA have proven to be even more viable in the world of COVID-19. As you will hear for Marion, EYLEA outperformed the broader anti-VEGF class this quarter. Demand for DUPIXENT also proved to be robust in the second quarter, with global sales growth of 70% compared to last year. Sales were nearly $1 billion on continued market penetration in atopic dermatitis, asthma and new launches. Adding to the DUPIXENT momentum, the FDA approved a new indication for atopic dermatitis in children aged 6 to 11. Furthermore, we demonstrated dramatic results in eosinophilic esophagitis, where patients reported a nearly 70% reduction in symptoms further exemplifying the potential of DUPIXENT to bend the arc of certain Type 2 inflammatory diseases. We look forward to additional DUPIXENT milestones, including an upcoming Phase 3 readout in pediatric asthma and enrollment of a second Phase 3 study in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. We and our patients and customers have a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for this product and we are still in the early days of unlocking its full potential with our partner, Sanofi. In oncology, Libtayo is the leading systemic treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. We are seeking approvals in basal cell carcinoma and non-small-cell lung cancer with regulatory filings to be submitted imminently. With our chemotherapy combination study in non-small-cell lung cancer nearing full enrollment, our excitement for Libtayo continues to grow. Beyond Libtayo, we are broadening and advancing our biospecifics portfolio, generating further momentum for our ontology strategy. Turning to our efforts to fight COVID-19, we are advancing the development of a novel antibody cocktail known as REGN-COV2 that may both treat and prevent infection from the SARS-CoV-2 virus. We are now in Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials and hope to generate initial data by the end of September as George will discuss in further detail. We also signed two major agreements in recent weeks. We announced a $450 million agreement with BARDA and the U.S. Department of Defense to manufacture REGN-COV2. We also signed a 6-year $345 million agreement with BARDA for our novel Ebola antibody cocktail, further demonstrating the potential of our end-to-end technologies to deliver shareholder value in addressing infectious disease threats. Finally, on the corporate front, we contemplate – excuse me, we completed a large secondary offering of more than 13 million shares of our common stock held by Sanofi. Using our strong balance sheet, we also repurchased $5 billion or 9.8 million shares from Sanofi, effectively eliminating their ownership position in our company and demonstrating our confidence in the trajectory of our business. For Regeneron shareholders, this transaction provided immediate accretion and removed a significant overhang related to the exploration of Sanofi’s lockup period at the end of this year. Regeneron is a business that is indeed firing on all cylinders. We thank all of our colleagues across the company who have been working with resolve and resilience in these extraordinary times of the pandemic. Our strong business performance, cash flow, balance sheet and advancement of the next generation of innovations for important medical needs, has us positioned to weather COVID-19 and emerge from the pandemic to drive continued long-term growth. Now, I will turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Terence, hi, it’s Len. I don’t think we can comment on our COGS, but Marion can certainly comment on China.
Leonard Schleifer: So, I will take the first part but George you can take the latter in terms of the data we really have not guided it depends on we are sort of trying to do things in parallel get some Phase 2 data while we are enrolling the Phase 3. So we will just have to see how that comes how that comes along George can comment on the difficulties of biopolymer work.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I just might add that we are not sure there is any evidence that there is a dose dependent effect on inflammation at least with the high-quality EYLEA that we make. So I am not sure that’s necessarily going to be the case.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, Robyn, I just wanted to mention, glad to see you have got a new name there, Truist, sounds good. I don’t know if it’s the truest, we like to think Regeneron is the truest. But in anyway, the notion of whether the risk benefit is going to work, as George pointed out, I mean, to some extent, we are sort of behind the alliance of Lilly and Pfizer in this class and they have announced I think that their action date is December, they have recently said there is not going to be an advisory panel. So, we will get to see as we are preparing our file in collecting that’s why they will get to see how the FDA views all of this and what constraints or restraints they might put or if they will or they won’t approve it. So you will get a little bit of an insight into the class, because it does appear that we see the same kinds of adverse events in general, in terms of arthropathies and these increased joint replacements that we saw off drug that has been seen with the members of the class.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, obviously, the big indication where most of the sales in this space are is lung cancer, non small cell lung cancer and so our exciting data, which will be basis of a filing a monotherapy, and we are moving rapidly towards closing out the final patients enrolled in the chemo combination study. So lung cancer is really the bigger future opportunity if we can successfully complete that.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I just want to echo what George said, because this is a little different than most other sort of, futility analyses where you say, well, even if you have a slim chance you sometimes you will let the trial go forward, as George said, and then just trying to put a exclamation. It was a stringent that means it, it was hard to pass that bar, because obviously Sanofi and Regeneron, we didn't want to take on another whole Phase 3 program, which is obviously takes a lot of time, money and effort. Unless we were told and we didn’t see the data, we just know that we passed this stringent bar if you will.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, it will all depend on the data and how good it looks. So, there is so many variables that I think it’s really impossible to give a fair answer to that question.
Marion McCourt: Sure, very happy to. Terence, thank you for the question. We are really excited about the opportunity in China and I will also remind that Sanofi has the responsibility for China. I am very encouraged by the progress to-date. And as it relates to specifics on reimbursement, I would guide asking our Sanofi colleagues to describe that in more detail, but as you know, tremendous market opportunity, incredible unmet need and a remarkable clinical profile and we are really excited about the opportunity.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So this is still relatively early in the launch for Libtayo. The team has done a great job of establishing Libtayo for these patients with locally advanced and metastatic disease with the alternative of Libtayo. But certainly there is significant opportunity to expand our utilization. And, obviously, as you mentioned, as we potentially get into future indications even more volatile
Marion McCourt: And I’ll add just you mentioned size of the population, the – this is a rare condition and in the U.S., there is a population of patients about 1,300 who would be eligible candidates, but we feel we would have an opportunity to help very significantly with this rare and challenging disease, ex-U.S. it’s about 1,700.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. We have modeled the doses in the blood levels from the primate studies in order to design our human studies. And so we are hoping and targeting to achieve similar blood levels in the humans as we are achieving to achieve the relative efficacies in the primate studies. At those levels, we are at the production level that we could be delivering hundreds of thousands of doses per month for the prophylactic dose level and tens of thousands of doses per month for the treatment levels assuming that in that those sorts of ranges that we are predicting right now but of course all that is all pending the trials and seeing what doses really work hopefully some of the doses work and so forth. So there's still a lot to figure out that those are the levels that we are targeting and those are the numbers of doses that we are anticipating that we could deliver depending on how all the clinical trials work out.
George Yancopoulos: Well there is a lot of questions sort of in there so one in terms of engineering our antibodies, historically, we've had very good success with achieving very good half lives and duration and durability without making modifications which as always come with certain risks so at least for our first generation antibodies based on the historical success were going with unmodified antibodies in terms of the concerns for antibody dependant enhancement we have done extensive studies and efforts on that including with antibodies that we have or have not modified effector function. And based on all of our data and all of our results we are going forward with antibodies once again that are not modified based on the confidence in the data that we have generated with our preclinical experience and finally what was the last question.
George Yancopoulos: The prevention study, yes, so some of those patients who have only been exposed that there will be ongoing exposure as well. So it is going to be both a pre and a post exposure prophylaxis effort and we will be characterising whether the patient in the household that we are treating have already been exposed in terms of whether already infected or not in our analysis.
George Yancopoulos: Right. So we have been investing enormously in efforts with biopolymer extension and so forth. And as we all know and as has been demonstrated recently with the problems of a major competitor, EYLEA sets a very high bar for safety and for efficacy and particularly from a safety point of view. And in all of our efforts, we have not been satisfied with our biopolymer efforts that those modifications meet that high bar, particularly for safety. And so we have been hesitant to move those programs further into the clinic, because of the concerns that we found with those approaches when we compare them and test them in our preclinical settings. In terms of the high dose EYLEA, we are hoping that we will be able to maintain that safety – the high safety bar with a high dose area, but to extend the dosing as you know, right now, studies show that depending on the patients, about 50% of the patients can go to T-12 dosing using the current dose of EYLEA. And what we are hoping is that we maybe able to increase the percentage of those patients who can go to longer term dosing using this higher dose, but to achieve that in as safe manner as we have historically with EYLEA to-date. So that’s the basis of our strategy.
George Yancopoulos: Well, I think the biggest concern is obviously having to do with the benefit risk and the safety profile. Obviously, there is enormous need for alternatives in the pain field and there are so many tens of millions of people who are living with osteoarthritis pain with limited options and concerns about all the available medications, with all the concerns and problems with opioids in particular, but also with NSAIDs and so forth. All of these patients are potential candidates for the NGF inhibitors. So, we are still awaiting and needing to readout additional safety data from our program. And I think it’s going to still be determined in terms of the relative benefit risk as to how important a drug this can be for the so many patients who are in need here.
George Yancopoulos: And of course, ultimately as we tried to highlight it is a little disappointing, how the PD1 class has not had as dramatic efficacy as one would have wanted in so many other cancer settings. And that’s why we have our very exciting and innovative collection of by specifics and other combination opportunities. But now that we have our own PD1 as a foundational component, we can now be trying to increase and add efficacy in all these other cancer settings where right now the PD1 class is not really shown as much benefit as one would want, but maybe we can now really create enormous benefit in the sales by making the right combinations, particularly with our bispecifics, but with other combination opportunities as well.
George Yancopoulos: These are all the great questions, and in fact we are analyze our own data exactly with regards to some of the points and concerns that you have we are measuring among the biomarkers, we're measuring patients' endogenous response to their antibody titers, and we are comparing and dividing the patients based on their baseline levels of antibody titers to see whether the patients who respond the best are the people who are now mounting are too early in the course of their disease. And we have this adaptive design, we are going to continue to generate data and evaluate data. We will hopefully be reporting some of that data publicly, but then using that data to make decisions in terms of the adaptive future portions of our design.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, I am not sure that the earlier biologics, that you are referring to demonstrated much different data in your Phase 2 and Phase 3 programs and the problems were was that at best they were demonstrating somewhere around a 15% reduction in their exacerbations and depending on the Phase 3 studies Those were on the border of achieving clinical significance. And that’s why those programs didn’t move forward. So, we did not release the details of the bar that we set. But we did say that the bar that we set had to do with exacerbations and we have to achieve a minimum threshold reduction in exacerbations in order to trigger going forward and triggering the initiation of an additional phase III. So obviously, the fact that we met a threshold bar for reduction in exacerbations, I think creates some excitement, that assuming that we can continue to achieve these sorts of reductions in exacerbations that this could be an important drug for COPD.
George Yancopoulos: This is a very important proof of concept setting these are if we get approved as you say it’s for homozygous FH, it’s for a very rare genetic population. And particularly, what we showed was efficacy in patients who have no LDL receptor function. So that means that this drug in this pathway work totally different than all other drugs at lower lipids and cholesterol and it may have important growth opportunities after this in the sense that since it is lowering lipids, not only cholesterol but triglycerides, by these independent mechanisms, it is entirely possible and we are thinking about it about where there is a broader opportunity eventually, for this class of drugs. But we are also very excited about the near term opportunity that we hope we are going to get agreement from the FDA shortly in the homozygous FH population, particularly those who don’t respond to any of the existing drugs.
