Mark Hudson: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ first quarter 2019 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website for 30 days under Events. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Senior Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call today include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecast and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestone, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property, pending litigation, and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter period ended March 31, 2019, which has been filed with the SEC today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly, any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that the GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today’s call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry, Jay Markowitz and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Mark Hudson: Thanks. Bob. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we get into Q&A, Len will have one thing to say.
Mark Hudson: Operator, we'd like to open up the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, you may open the line.
Mark Hudson: Operator, this concludes today's call. Thank you everyone for joining. Again, Bob Landry, Jim Markowitz, and the IR team will be around to answer any further questions. Thank you.
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks Mark. Good morning to everyone. EYLEA and Dupixent kicked off a successful start to 2019. For the first quarter, total aggregate sales of all Regeneron-invented products were $2.27 billion, a 23% year-over-year increase. We are pleased with the early launch of Libtayo, a foundation immune-oncology and we made significant progress across our deep and diverse pipeline. EYLEA, which was approved in the U.S. late in 2011, continues to deliver in its eighth year in the market, with U.S. sales of $1.07 billion, a 9% year-over-year increase. I'm proud to say that EYLEA’s growth has come without price increases. EYLEA has an established efficacy and safety profile with over 25 million injections sold worldwide. In addition to a demographic tailwind in approved indications, we view our pending new approval in diabetic retinopathy as a new opportunity potential to potentially drive growth. While the potential to prevent patients with diabetic retinopathy from suffering blinding complications is very exciting, we recognize that it will require market development because it involves treating patients that are currently asymptomatic. To test the hypothesis that higher doses may improve upon EYLEA’s already market leading profile, later this year we plan to advance the clinical development of a higher-dose formulation of aflibercept and we continue to make progress on new molecular entities that have the potential to be even better. Let me turn now to Dupixent, a product with the potential to change the course of allergic type two diseases. First quarter net sales globally were $374 million, and patient feedback testified to Dupixent’s value proposition. We are seeing growth in both atopic dermatitis and asthma, and we expect further growth to be amplified by expanded age groups, new geographies and additional indications. Moving now to Libtayo. In its first two quarters on the market, Libtayo has established a foothold in advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, or CSCC. We intend to build on that dermato-oncology foundation and expand into other indications. In addition to testing Libtayo and cancers in which PD-1 blockade is known to be effective, we considered an important component of potential future combinations that have the potential to broaden activity and deepen responses. Last month, we announced the collaboration with Alnylam that combines each company's unique assets and abilities and enables us to pursue intracellular targets in the eye and central nervous system, as well as a select number of targets in the liver. This deal exemplifies our business development strategy and we continue to explore many new and exciting opportunities. Advancing our internal pipeline remains a key priority. Leveraging our scientific capabilities and our world class genetics efforts, and partnering with other scientific driven companies is yet another way we plan to capitalize on our own research productivity and innovation. In summary, our core franchises of EYLEA and Dupixent are growing, Libtayo is establishing itself as the foundation of our diversified and comprehensive immune-oncology platform, and has had early commercial success in his first indication. We are advancing a broad and deep pipeline, rich in opportunity for sustainable, long term growth. For more on that, I will now turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, one late breaking news. We just received the note, I'm pleased to inform you that the European Commission has informed us that on the 6th of May it adopted the EC implementing decision for Dupixent extension of the indication with the treatment of adults and adolescents with severe asthma with type-2 inflammation, characterized by raised blood eosinophils and/or raised FeNO and the addition of the 200 milligram dose strength in both the prefilled syringes and prefilled pen format. So the final full indication for Dupixent is now Dupixent, this is in Europe as indicated in adults and adolescents 12 years and older. As ad-on maintenance treatment for severe asthma with type-2 inflammation characterized by raised blood eosinophils and/or raised FeNO who are inadequately controlled with high dose inhaled corticosteroids, plus another medicinal product for maintenance treatment. Now, we can go to questions again.
Leonard Schleifer: So Terence, just to amplify on the registrational aspect. It's nothing that we're being coy. I think, it -- there will be registration if the data are adequate. So obviously, we'll let what -- I think what George was trying to say is, we'll let you know when we have the data. We intend these to be registrational if the data continues to be as good as it was in the early studies.
Leonard Schleifer: And just to amplify slightly, for those who are not dupi aficionados. We reported previously rather striking a response data including a high percentage of complete responses. What we think would be the effective doses. And so, when you start to see that in these very treatment experienced patients, it gets pretty exciting, pretty quickly.
Leonard Schleifer: Maybe, I'll let George answer as well. But I would say, that one is comes more under the category of – we’ll need to see the data rather than a higher degree of confidence based upon some earlier studies. When we had done atopic dermatitis, what we had done our first asthma studies where we saw these clear-cut effects on FEV1 and even on loss of asthma control and dramatic responses in AD of course, you had a much higher degree of confidence. COPD is I think much tougher. It's worth looking at, but we wouldn't rank this as something with a high degree of confidence.
Leonard Schleifer: So I think it's a little bit early to get into that sort of competitive assessment. Obviously, as George mentioned, where we've got the ability to combine that with some iRNA from Alnylam. We're going to be working with them. The potential there might have some unique features. It's just a little early to say where we'll slot it and we'll have to see how the day develops. But obviously, we’re going to look at efficacy. We're going to look at interval etcetera.
Leonard Schleifer: Okay, well first on the NGF. As I mentioned the Independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board gave the go ahead just last week for us to continue with the program. So we they will continue to monitor the study and when we underline the study and so forth, we'll be able to better assess what the efficacy safety ratio is and where the program is going. So that's the story on NGF. I wouldn't necessarily classify the CD20 by CD3 combination with PD-1. As a setback, as I said, I mean, what it really indicates is a pretty dramatic increase in immune activation. As you know of course, these sorts of things were the things that demonstrated excitement in approaches like CAR-T therapies in fact it was noted in many cases that the people who had, the patients had the highest immune activation, had the highest anti-tumor responses. And we think this is likely to be the case in this setting as well. The benefit that we have with the ability to individually titrate and give them in a different sequence, allows us to much better find to the timing of the immune activations and allow us to better take advantage of the immune activation while controlling the potential cytokine-release syndrome. So we actually think it's actually an exciting indicator of combined immuno activation. And so we're very excited both of the combinations of our C3 bispecifics with PD-1, but also CD28 bispecifics of PD-1 and C3 bispecifics with the CD28 bispecifics. All three of those sets of combos are for an incredible exciting set of opportunities that in animal studies have really been game changing. And so we can only hope, that we can achieve the same sort of benefit risk in patients that we're seeing in those settings.
Leonard Schleifer: Well, I think in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, obviously the very impactful efficacy that we saw in the latest stage patients gives us a lot of confidence that in the earlier stage patients, as is usually the case with cancer treatment that we'll be seeing even better benefits. And obviously, this increases very substantially the number of patients in those indications who might be able to benefit if our adjuvant and neo adjuvant trials in the cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma produce that sort of data that would be possible based on the data that we've seen the late stage patients. So that will be, I think a very exciting way to increase the benefit to a large number, more of patients. We don't have satisfactory treatments right now, and avoid them progressing to these later and much more debilitating stages. Similarly, in lung cancer, we're excited with our opportunity there in terms of our first line -- first line setting. And of course we're also hoping to move into earlier settings there as well.
Leonard Schleifer: So let me just amplify on that what Marion just said, because I think it is a tension between wanting to make it as easy as possible for the doctors and patients. On the one hand, on the other hand, the greater good we think of getting foreseeing if you will payers to make decisions, so that everybody can get access. And payers are very sophisticated as one payer said to me, keep it up Len we love those samples, it's like free drug. We'd like you to keep going forever. So there is this tension of forcing payers to make a decision on the one hand and striking the right balance for making it easy for patients to initiate the launch. The number of patients getting on the drug is really quite remarkable. So we think, we've got that balance working.
Leonard Schleifer: Plus I think, one has to think ahead. We have a lot on the bispecifics. I think as George mentioned earlier, where you're going into some cancers where you don't see very many responses at all. And the notion that you can actually get these enhanced combined immune activations, I think is as important for these other programs as it is to 1979. We're actually you do quite fine as you get up to much higher doses, so I think this is – has really potentially profound implications for our other programs.
Leonard Schleifer: I mean, I do think to remind us a bit. The way we see the business, the top line are the products that have come out of Regeneron are continuing to grow, and the expenses are growing primarily because the research organization is just so dug on productive. I think it was mentioned that we put maybe four or five molecules in the clinic last year. We expect to put a similar number this year, and we have a steady flow projected for the year for 2020 and beyond. So with that, obviously we feel we should be investing in our research, because we think it has the potential to deliver a great return.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. Well, we have enormous hope that Alnylam is going to be transformational opportunity. Why? Because both sides bring, I think a lot of unique and very exciting capabilities to the table. We've been obviously doing a lot of biology and genetics particularly in the eye and also in the CNS that we haven't really talked about, and most, if not the vast majority of the targets there are intracellular targets, and obviously Alnylam has the capability with their technology to start addressing some of these intracellular targets in these two spaces that are challenging with other approaches. And so this allows us to take advantage of our genetics, all the information coming out of our regeneration genetics and or all the biology we've been doing, all the animal modeling that we've been doing, and now take advantage of them with a whole new platform, not antibodies that as you know are limited to extracellular targets, secretive proteins and cell surface receptors, but an assortment of intracellular targets that we now think we can address both in the eye and CNS and address a whole new series of diseases where we have enormous knowledge and capability based on our genetics and a biology effort. So it's really coming together I think, two great likeminded companies, with very complementary approaches that we think together we can really make a difference particularly in these spaces.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So let me take a start. I'll go to the last comment on the growth of the Asthma biologics market, and in our calculation was somewhat as you described. We look at all the biologics products that are currently indicated in the U.S. for asthma. And then since the launch of Dupixent for asthma, we're seeing the size of that market in total grow by about 10%. So certainly inclusive of Dupixent’s which we believe is significantly driving the growth, but also in combination with the IL-5 category you mentioned and also we would include Xolair of course as a biologic product within the asthma market. The next piece going back, we do see some very favorable indicators still somewhat early in launch, and most compelling of course is the profile and the unique aspects of Dupixent’s that is being showcased by allergists or the experience of Dupixent from atopic dermatitis but also pulmonologist, both the clinical profile, the safety profile and the fact that patients can self-administer. Again, early in the reimbursement cycle, I will comment only on Dupixent. It’s probably best that I not comment on an access for competitive therapies, but I can share that in early days, while we continue to work closely with payers, we have been pleased with the ability for patients to receive reimbursement and for physicians to participate and have ease of prescribing. So while we'll continue to work closely in that area, early days all aspects of the launch uptake, both patient experience, prescriber experience, and our patient access have been quite favorable.
Marion McCourt: So, it’s early days. So we're not at this time giving specific breakouts by indication, but I certainly can give you a feel for performance. First as you summarized some of the points that I'd made during the call on NBRx as one measures or new branded scripts on a weekly basis. We are seeing a significant increase when we look at this quarter's rate on a weekly basis of 950 versus prior quarter at about 700 scripts per week, so we're very pleased. What is occurring is we're actually seeing growth in all of our indications, which is a very exciting profile for Dupixent. We continue to help more adult atopic dermatitis patients. So we're seeing growth in that realm. Additionally, as I mentioned during the discussion of the call, we are seeing a very nice start to the launch of asthma, both from a standpoint of Dupixent’s profile, but also from the standpoint of being very competitive to other agents that are currently being used as biologics for the treatment of asthma. And then finally, on the most recent indication for adolescence is one that has been transformational certainly for patients and their families, but also as we hear stories all the time from physicians who are treating these patients. These poor young adolescents you know are very often challenged to participate at school, in their activities, on a daily basis. And we're hearing just wonderful stories on the difference that Dupixent is making for them, so we’re very early in this launch. We’re excited to be helping so many and we see continued growth across atopic dermatitis, asthma and all the various age groups we're now covering.
Marion McCourt: So, you know first I will say that is very important to us that our patients receive Dupixent and physicians have the experience that they need. There are availability of samples in the marketplace today. So as you indicate we do have a sampling program, but we also think it's very important that as patients are initiated on therapy, they're able to stay on therapy and we also have a number of support services that help patients and their prescribing physicians, make sure that patients can navigate payer reimbursement. And once on Dupixent can actually stay on therapy. We believe at this point we have the number of samples correct in the market to support our various indications.
George Yancopoulos: Well we will be certainly informing you when we know that these are registrational studies. In terms of the toxicities, I just wanted to remind you as I noted in my comments that these were seen in combination with PD-1. And as I noted that in some ways, it indicates that the theoretical concept of combining these two classes actually increases the immune activation is actually you know pertaining in the situation here. And what we believe is that we have ways of adjusting the dosing regimen, so that we can avoid the increase cytokine-release syndrome while capturing the potential increased activity of combining these two classes.
George Yancopoulos: Well we have reported on durability and we'll continue to report on it in the upcoming conference. Most patients who remain on treatment maintain their responses. In terms of versus CAR-T as I noted, we will be reporting on promising early results in post CAR-T failures at the upcoming meeting. So we think that there is a lot of opportunity here for the CD20 bispecific, both in the relapsed refractory setting where we're setting it in. It's obviously going to be much more convenient and amendable therapy to more patients, who don't have to go through the whole process that's required for CAR-T therapies. The possibility that can actually also work in individuals who has failed CAR-T therapies is very exciting. Let alone the possibility that with its profile, and the way we give it that we can also be moving relatively rapidly into the frontline settings as well. So we think this is a very exciting opportunity that can really address a lot of the need in lymphoma from the latest stage patients who have failed every other kind of therapy eventually to a frontline therapy that could really impact the disease in the earliest of patients.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, I think what Len is alluding to is that COPD is a very complex disease. And the problem is that in the real world, the data suggests that it is indeed quite complicated in terms of it's impacted by asthma and type-2 diseases. And so, there are a lot of patients who have COPD whose diseases worsen with these related type-2 toxicity. The problem is finding the right patients to treat, and also negotiating with the FDA, who likes to study cleaner diseases. So I think as Len said, it's going to be, it can be a complicated story and we'll see what the data says.
George Yancopoulos: Well, maybe I will just start by reminding you that in some ways, this is very analogous to our early experience with CD20xCD3 monotherapy. Those early studies actually with our lowest doses, we actually saw a pretty profound CRS. And what the team didn't realize that we had the ability -- like I said, this is one huge advantage with these biologics, for example, compared to things such as CAR-T therapies that we can literally dial up and dial down the doses and adjust sequences and divide the doses, and we were able to control it. So now as we got to the much higher doses with much higher activities, as Len pointed out, where we're seeing in late-stage patients, high proportions of not only overall response but complete responses, this now comments with much less CRS than we saw in the early days because we learned how to adjust, divide and sequence the dose of the individual therapy. We think that were exactly an analogous situation with the CD20 combination with a PD-1. We're now at much lower doses of the CD20 in combination with the PD-1, but giving it in the way that we had avoided the CRS, we are now seeing it again, which tells us that we have higher immune activation and we're going to just do the same sorts of things that we did by taking advantage of our ability to divide the doses in sequence the regiments and so forth. And we're hoping in the same way that we shared with the bispecific on its own, we will be able to take advantage of this increase immuno activation but avoid the CRS. So we think these are really exciting times. We've seen it before, we got to what we believe now are, as Len said, the actual effective doses in these late-stage patients with monotherapy and we hope will now be able to do the same thing with a combination delivery even more efficacy without having to pay too much of a price in terms of increased toxicity.
