Leonard Schleifer: I’m sure--it’s Len here. I’m sure George would love to expand upon the thinking, but unfortunately because we just launched a tender offer, we’re really not committed to have that discussion. We’ll look forward to that discussion assuming that the deal closes around the middle of the year, as we anticipate.
Leonard Schleifer: But because we couldn’t answer that question, if you get back in the queue, we’ll come back to you for another question.
Leonard Schleifer: Just to amplify a little bit, to make sure nobody missed what George just said, is that it seems to be the case that with these types of reagents, much as it is the case with other anti-cancer agents, that while you start in the latest, most difficult patients, there is better activity in earlier lines with these kinds of immune reagents, so finding activity in the late heavily treated would be very encouraging. 
Leonard Schleifer: We have not obviously realized what we think is the full potential of our CV expertise and capabilities, and we are exploring ways on how to do that, some of which may require us to rethink combinations of both types of reagents and targets, and hopefully you’ll hear more that. But we would agree - right now, it’s not a major contributor to our near term performance.
Leonard Schleifer: Suffice it to say the complexities are increased when you have to start thinking about supply as well, so as George said, we’re in discussions with the agency about what it would take to get an authorization, but you’re always chasing the next variant and we have probably, what we think is the greatest end-to-end capabilities in this space as is out there. But still, knowing which variant to manufacture for which antibody and how to keep chasing that, it’s a fairly complex situation, but we’re committed to try and make monoclonals an important part of the solution, and I think they can be, but it is going to require some artful science, so to speak.
Leonard Schleifer: You know, that’s going to be obviously a choice for clinicians to decide once they’ve seen all the data, but I think an important consideration is still going to be not only the duration, because duration does matter; efficacy - efficacy matters, but safety, and I think the distinct advantage we have with high dose EYLEA is that from a molecular point of view, whether you’re having immunologic reactions and those sorts of things, EYLEA is a very well known entity. If we can transition to a higher dose with the same kind of safety and allow for longer duration, I think that is a more attractive paradigm than switching to a new molecular mechanism of action with unproven safety with 50 million injections behind it. Frankly, I do think even the FDA views the--when you’re changing dosing paradigms of the same molecule is different than when you’re bringing in a new molecule.  We can’t say, and we wouldn’t dare speak for what clinicians will do once they see the data, but we do feel strongly that having the same EYLEA backbone, if we get the safety that we anticipate thus far from the small CANDELA study and we get the kind of extension of duration, perhaps with more drying, we’ll look at the actual numbers, I think that sort of transition is more efficient than transitions that may occur with new reagents.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes, and I think we can eliminate if we get too high of a loading dose, obviously, it might complicate some of the efficacy readouts; but as George said, I think based on what we know when we designed it, this looks like it could--we’re optimistic.
George Yancopoulos: Well, as I indicated in my remarks, basically we’re going into late stage patients heavily pretreated. We’re hoping to actually be able to report on seeing objective responses, and the number and the duration of the responses is what we’re looking for. We would love to be able to see significant numbers of durable responses showing that each one of these novel agents is really making a difference in the latest stage patients. That of course would open up for each one of them, we think, very important opportunities in terms of both those late stage settings but also particularly with logical combinations going back to earlier and earlier stage patients. Each one of them could become then a significant program, not only in monotherapy but in combination with logical other agents.  So as I said, responses with duration is what we’re looking for in all three of those programs. 
George Yancopoulos: Yes, we actually had initiated the concept for bispecifics in general as we were very early players in the field of this concept of step-up dosing, and what seems to be confirmed by our own data and other people’s data is that when you give them initially at low doses and gradually step up to your optimal dose, you are reducing the incidence of severe side effects, and particularly cytokine release syndrome.  We had actually pretty low rates with our original, so our original dosing regimen was also a step-up dosing regimen, but in collaboration with the FDA, we redefined the stepped up dosing and came up with an even more gradual program. It only extends the timing to get to maximum dose by one week and we’re still obviously getting to that same dose, and what we’re saying is that from the early read from the new step-up dosing, which presumably we’ll give you the detailed data at some point in the future, the results are looking very promising. The already low rate of significant cytokine release syndrome that we were seeing looks like it’s depressed even further down to rates where we think, as I stated, we will be able to use this regimen and this approach in the outpatient setting.  It’s just very promising that we’ve come up with a safe, what looks like to be a safe protocol that could be used in outpatient settings, and it’s getting to the same maximum dose in a pretty short period of time as well.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, well in small numbers, we have very competitive response rates with deep responses and duration that we think for these late stage patients should be able to support registration if we can replicate it in the larger Phase II registrational possible study that we are undertaking. We continue to see a very acceptable safety and tolerability profile, and as you said, this is just the first step in the whole program. We are very excited about combinations and we’re also very excited about moving to earlier lines of therapy. In terms of combinations, as we’ve talked about before, it’s very logical and the preclinical data are very compelling. The combinations with so-called costimulatory bispecifics that also bind to a target on the same myeloma cells but now activate what we and others refer to as single two, will be very exciting and has really the potential to enhance responsiveness and deepen responsiveness and deepen duration.  We have a series of additional next-generation candidates as well that we could layer on top of that next series of logical combinations which involve these costimulatory molecules, and we’re also thinking that obviously, as Len already mentioned, going to earlier lines of therapy is only going to increase the responsiveness and the opportunities to get longer and longer responses and, dare I say, even potentially cures, so that’s the basic summary of our programs - get registration in the late setting by replicating the data that we’ve seen with our ongoing registration possible Phase II study, adding combinations to enhance responses, deepen responsiveness and duration, and three, going into earlier lines of therapy as well.
George Yancopoulos: These are all really great questions, and we are continuing to discuss our regulatory path both for getting our hopefully full approval for our existing cocktail, but also the regulatory path going forward for next-generation cocktails with the FDA. That’s an ongoing discussion that has potential to change, and obviously associated studies to support that program have the potential to change, so we are not at this point talking about the details of either, but great questions.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, we think being marginally ahead or behind here isn’t really going to mean all that much. It’s how good your actual agent is, and also of course what opportunities you have for combinations. As we said, if we can reproduce the efficacy we’ve seen in our initial studies, in our potentially pivotal Phase II program, that will make it a very, very competitive agent in terms of efficacy, and that’s what obviously really matters.  But also in terms of combinations, we do believe that we have some of the most interesting and potentially game changing combinations with novel agents, such as these costimulatory bispecifics that are a whole different opportunity than combinations with traditional, more traditional agents. We can take the efficacy that hopefully we will see with the monotherapy, both in the late stage settings but just as, if not more importantly, in the earlier stage settings and really extend and take it to another level, so being a little bit ahead or behind here is not going to be as important as producing really good data.  Combinations, we think it’s really whether you can really come up and you have in your portfolio very interesting, logical combinations that can really be game changing, and we think that we have those opportunities, which is why we’re so excited about this program.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, well certainly the whole goal of the high dose EYLEA is to deliver the same efficacy and safety, as Len said, and safety being very important, but with a reduced injection schedule. Obviously it is, as you said, more challenging to be accomplishing the results in PHOTON with less loading injections than for the 2 milligram EYLEA, but that is the goal with the high dose aflibercept. It is challenging, but it is the higher dose, that’s what the goal is, and I guess the data will speak.
