Marion McCourt: Sure, Tyler. I'm happy to answer. So, as I mentioned, we're very encouraged by the early performance of EYLEA HD in the market and a number of factors early are driving that success. First, it's the clinical data, which is now showing in the actual market real-world setting the efficacy, safety, and durability of EYLEA HD, all very important factors. As we look to the future, physicians will build upon their early experience, and as I mentioned that experience is coming from conversion patients from branded agents broadly, Avastin and also in some cases naive patients but going forward, I would share that in addition to ongoing experience and confidence, the reimbursement consideration is very, very important for physicians, and some are hesitant to prescribe a product that doesn't have a permanent J-code. So we do look forward to that occurring April 1 and beyond based on CMS's recent update. And then in addition to reimbursement confidence, we've made progress certainly in payer coverage. We anticipate making more. And certainly, the experience in market to date with EYLEA HD has been very favorable for physicians. And that is the, probably, the most important, those differentiating characteristics of the product.
Marion McCourt: Sure, Mohit. So there is variation between quarters and years as it relates to anti-VEGF category growth. Overall, though, the category is healthy from a growth standpoint, unfortunately, based on the number of individuals with diabetes or diagnosed with diabetes. On a brighter note, aging population is good. So overall, we see it as healthy category growth. But there is variability. And as an example, there has been some decline by a couple of points between last year and this year overall.
Marion McCourt: Thank you, David, for the question. And I'm going to be a bit redundant, so I'll be short. But my comment was to say it always starts with the best-in-class molecule. It's about the science. And certainly, you've seen us across therapeutic areas launch into competitive categories, both in the anti-VEGF category and then, more recently, bringing great products into the marketplace. So we do look forward to this opportunity. And it fits quite beautifully with our oncology team, our onc -- will be onc/hem team. And certainly, we will be very ready for that launch and look forward to helping patients with linvo.
George Yancopoulos: Okay. Well, let me start with the latter first, in terms of muscle preservation. Other people have related approaches, but we're the only ones, we're the ones who discovered that there are two key ligands or growth factors that control muscle size: myostatin, myostatin 1, we call it, and myostatin 2 or ActiveNA. And we're the only ones that have specific blocking antibodies for those two. And we are testing them together and individually. And the reason why that's important is it's going to be a combination of both efficacy and safety that matters here. So we're going to see which approach does the best in terms of the muscle preservation in the face of the profound muscle loss that you can see with GLP-1 agonist treatment. But we're also going to see the safety profiles. And I think that that's going to be so critical because safety is so important here. Other people are just testing one of these agents alone. I believe, the myostatin, and others are testing very broad approaches such as trying to block the receptors for these factors. The problem with the receptor blockade approach is that the receptors that are used by these factors are also used by over a dozen other ligands that have very diverse biologic functions. And you can easily imagine that by blocking so many diverse functions, you might end up having all sorts of safety issues, which you're not going to want to be able to be dealing with in the setting of a treatment that's intended to optimize obesity and body weight loss and give benefit to the patients. So our programs are very different in that we discovered the 2 key regulators, the 2 key growth factors. We have separate antibodies blocking them both. And we're evaluating them separately and together in the setting of GLP-1 receptor agonist, to see what gives us the best benefit vis-a-vis muscle preservation as well as safety profile. While we're doing that, as we said, we're initiating those trials this year, we are also developing unimolecular solutions. So whichever approach works best, we hope to have the possibility of having a tethered GLP-1, as you put it, associated with the right set of antibody molecules. So they will have the advantage of having a unimolecular solution that can provide all-in-one benefit in terms of providing, hopefully, the best convenience profile and potentially once-a-month dosing, together with providing not only the weight loss, the profound weight loss that one is seen with GLP-1 receptor agonist, but now complemented by providing muscle preservation, but with the safest possible approach. So we think that we have the most unique program in terms of addressing all these possibilities. And we're very, very excited about these programs.
George Yancopoulos: Regulatory. Okay, so o first of all, we've done extensive work in preclinical models. And these antibodies have already been in humans. We believe that our studies are actually showing that this muscle is functional and certainly very important from both the metabolic and energy expenditure point of view. So, so far, those studies are very supportive of this whole approach. I should also say there's a variety of regulatory pathways that we're pursuing here. Obviously, the easiest, which would come from the possible results that we're seeing in the animal studies, is if there's incrementally more weight loss, that might suffice as a regulatory strategy. Alternatively, if it's just the quality of the white loss, then we would have to show functional outcomes in terms of strength and so forth and so on. So those are still early in the thinking. We have to see from these initial studies. But as I said, if we simply see increased weight loss, that would be the simplest way forward. And then you have more weight loss but better body composition data, and may also -- may be better metabolic benefits, which we also see in muscle, which could also provide additional pass-through approval. So it depends on those results that we're going to get from the initial studies. I should also mention, in terms of additional programs that we have, obesity. I mean, these are things that are here and now that we're doing these clinical trials and we hope to be getting results over the course of the next year, 1.5 years that could really inform in terms of all these questions that you have and really validate that there's real promise here. But remember, we're doing a lot of other things as well in obesity that are in earlier stages. So for example, as you probably know, we discovered a brand-new promising target in obesity using our Regeneron Genetics Center, the largest big data set on the planet in terms of human sequence linked to electronic health records, and identified, in some ways, one of the most exciting new targets in obesity that's been ever discovered. And we have a variety, it's called GPR75, it was published in a prominent paper in Science about a year or so ago. And we have a variety of promising and not-that-far-away approaches from the clinic in terms of blocking this target for weight loss. And I think that we presented at JPMorgan early preclinical data using siRNA approaches that look very exciting. I should also mention that, in terms of smaller programs and so forth, we have things like a very exciting leptin receptor-activating antibody that have had very promising human data as well. So there's a lot of things going on, but I think the muscle preservation program and how it goes forward is going to be very interesting to look at over the next year, 1.5 years.
George Yancopoulos: Okay, geographic atrophy. So basically, the excitement is that, as we show data from our combination approach, we believe that we have the most effective way of blocking the body's C5 activity. The C5, which is active in the eye, is essentially all coming from the liver. And we've shown now in our PNH studies, when we revealed the data from the first portion of our Phase III program, that it looked like we had the best-in-class activity in terms of decreasing the C5 activity. So if you block it at the source, then you don't have to block it in the eye. And if you block it at the source, then you don't suffer from all the concerns and side effects and so forth that you have from having to block it in the eye. So you block it where it's coming from, then you don't have to treat local in the eye. You can avoid the local side effects. The concern with systemic blockade is it comes with increased risks of infections and so forth. So we will have to come up with a strategy, which we're working on, to try to mitigate that in the elderly population that suffers from GA. We believe that we may need for that an approach to identify the patients who might be at risk in those settings. Because we certainly know that, for example, patients with PNH and myasthenia gravis who are immunosuppressed and so forth, not only with our agent, but certainly with this whole class of agents, can suffer from serious systemic infections when you block C5. So we are coming up with a way to mitigate that, in part by probably selecting out the patients who are at the highest risk. But in terms of efficacy, the fact that you block it at the source should make it much more effective than trying to block it indirectly in the eye, while avoiding all of the serious local side effect, you can get in the eye, including this horrific retinal vasculitis, which is associated with sudden and permanent blindness.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. We're excited about the existing programs. But what we're even more excited about is as we know that the history of many diseases, but cancer in particular, is about combination approaches. And thus far, even in the setting of this collaboration, the CAR T space has been separate from the biologics space. And even though we were working together as separate companies, it was a little harder to really move forward in an expedited fashion the incredible opportunities that I believe that we have to combine what we think is the largest and most exciting portfolio of biologics in immunotherapy, together with cell therapy approaches. Nobody else has really tried that. Nobody else has really led that. Now that we're really together all in with our new selected colleagues from 2seventy and their capabilities, we believe that we will now have the first opportunity to really try this new set of combination approaches against cancer. That is, combining our large portfolio of biologics in the immunotherapy space with their cell therapy capabilities and expertise, that brings a whole new level of combinations to the immunotherapy field. We believe we will be alone in that capability until somebody else tries to copy us and do what we're doing here. And that's what we're really excited about, in addition to just moving forward the existing cell therapy programs that we've been working on them for five years or more.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. I'm not sure we want Marion to get into the details of our strategies, pricing, rebates, things like that. But we can say, Marion, you could add thoughts, that we view it as a very competitive marketplace. There has been some price erosion on some of the products in the marketplace. We're starting at a new point with EYLEA HD. We think we priced it well. It was received well. It was intended to match on a yearly basis. And so we think the actual price point was fine. I don't know if Marion wants to add anything at all, but we don't like to comment specifically on those competitive dynamics.
Leonard Schleifer: No, I just wanted to give a little history, David. You actually were around. You may even have asked the exact question, I'm not sure. when we were launching EYLEA and we had to displace Lucentis by the behemoth Roche. There are some lessons in there that it can be done with starting with a really good molecule, as you described, one that is potentially be best-in-class and then strong execution at the commercial front. We've done it. We're not afraid of the 800-pound gorilla. We hope to put that gorilla on perhaps a weight loss program and get in there and show them what we can do, Marion, any comments. I just want to put that historical perspective out there.
Leonard Schleifer: I'll let George comment on the scientific rationale, which drives pretty much everything we do. Just to mention from a business development point of view, we have been a long-standing partner with 2seventy when they were still part of bluebird. We've invested in them, both in equity and, frankly, in development. So this was something that was well known. George can comment how we see this fitting in.
