Leonard Schleifer: Thank you, Ryan, and thank you to everyone joining today's call. Following our significant achievements in 2022, Regeneron is off to a good start in 2023, highlighted by important regulatory and pipeline advances, commercial execution and prudent capital allocation, all of which position better the company to deliver sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value over time. George, Mary and Bob will cover details of our first quarter performance in a few moments. In the meantime, I would provide an update on our goal of continuing to grow our business while simultaneously diversifying our revenue and earnings streams, which is part of our long-term vision for Regeneron. We have made substantial progress toward achieving that goal. Over the past four years, while total revenues have nearly doubled, EYLEA accounted for only 57% of total revenues in the first quarter of 2023 compared to 88% of total revenues for the year 2019. Driven primarily by the growth of DUPIXENT, our Sanofi collaboration accounted for 25% of our total revenues in the first quarter of 2023 compared to only 6% of our total revenues in 2019. We expect this trend of revenue growth, along with diversification to continue. For example, assuming the approval and successful launch of aflibercept 8 milligrams, which has a June 27 PDUFA date, EYLEA 2 milligrams is expected to become a smaller share of our revenues, while aflibercept 8 milligrams is expected to contribute to overall revenue growth. In addition, DUPIXENT remains in a high-growth mode, with global net product sales up 40% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year quarter, driven by growth across all 5 approved indications. We believe the positive Phase III results for DUPIXENT in the subpopulation of COPD patients with evidence of type 2 inflammation, as well as the promising results for our IL-33 antibody itepekimab in former smokers represent additional significant opportunities to accelerate revenue growth as well as diversification. Our oncology portfolio is also starting to make a meaningful contribution to our top line, with last year's acquisition of full global rights to Libtayo and the recent launch of Libtayo in combination with chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Moreover, we believe that fianlimab, our LAG-3 antibody, in combination with Libtayo, has the potential to become an important therapy in both melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, where we have already advanced to pivotal studies. We are also quite excited about the emerging clinical profile for linvoseltamab, our BCMAxCD3 bispecific. Updated data for which will be presented at the upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting. We remain on track to submit a BLA seeking accelerated approval in late-stage myeloma later this year. We continue to invest in our research and development engine and expect it will deliver new differentiated medicines that will drive organic growth over time. Our broad development pipeline of nearly 3 dozen programs spans many different therapeutic areas and modalities, notably: Our co-stimulatory bispecifics in cancer; our early pipeline in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; as well as our collaborations with Alnylam, Intellia, Decibel and others are expected to drive medium- and long-term revenue growth, profitability and diversification. Before handing over to George, I'd like to take a moment to recognize the contributions that Dr. Roy Vagelos has made to Regeneron over the nearly three decades that he has served as our Board Chair. Over the years, he has provided invaluable guidance and he continues to inspire us as we work to turn world-class science into medicines. Roy will retire from the Board after his current term ends next month. At that time, in addition to our current roles in the company, George and I will be appointed by the Board to serve as co-Chairs, and Christine Poon, a member of Regeneron board since 2010, will be appointed as the board's Lead Independent Director. With that, let me turn the call over to George.
Leonard Schleifer: So on the regulatory update, we don't comment on ongoing stuff. I'd like to say we're looking forward, hopefully, to the action of the FDA on June 27 and the launch promptly thereafter. Marion, you can comment on the inventories.
Leonard Schleifer: And it's interesting, just to add a little bit to that, Marion, that the allergists seem to have really understood the concept of type 2 inflammation. And the fact that type 2 inflammation is not a collection of individual unrelated diseases, it's a collection of related diseases. And I was speaking to an allergist the other day and said when you take an asthma patient, if you look carefully, many of them will have nasal polyps. And if you talk to dermatologists, they're beginning to understand that when they're treating atopic dermatitis, people who have concomitant asthma, for example, they get a benefit there. So I think DUPIXENT really is kind of unique. And we are talking to the main doctors, including the allergists, the dermatologists and the pulmonologists, with some of the ENT, as Marion said. We're covering them all, and many of them are covering multiple diseases.
Leonard Schleifer: Obviously, we work very closely with Sanofi and all of these. And I believe it's fair to say we're equally excited about the potential for the future of DUPIXENT in all the current and, hopefully, future indications.
Leonard Schleifer: Yes. Well, let me start with the regulatory aspect. The -- obviously, what we're all staring at is an incredibly positive state -- I mean a Phase III setting, where, as we've mentioned, that we not only improve people's exacerbations, but we also improved their lung functions and the lung function and their quality of life, and all these other measures that were part of the statistical hierarchy. So when you have a very robust study like that, and you have -- I don't know how many patients we currently have, but it's a huge number, a very large patient commercial database and so many indications, I think Sanofi and Regeneron concur, that this is something that we should be discussing with the FDA to see how they feel about whether or not there is a potential filing. We don't have any update for you, if it's something once we have that meeting, if it's something definitive, I'm sure Sanofi and Regeneron will figure out a way to properly communicate that. In terms of cutoffs and what have you, I think it's a little bit premature to talk about that, other than to say you stick with what you brought to the trial, which is a cutoff of 300. And that's where you commercialize. But the future work one can look at in other studies, that's something obviously we'll think about. But I remind you as George and both Marion mentioned, our IL-33 antibody gives a larger, although somewhat overlapping population potentially. So we really could have cover many, many, many patients, a great opportunity to help people with what has been really a very unfortunate progressive loss of lung function.
Leonard Schleifer: So I just wanted to add to that, two things: streaming on a different channel, I think you might find some further data being discussed by our friends at Alnylam, which will speak to not only impressive result, but the durability of the effect. And one of the other things I want to comment is really to echo something George said. The recent amyloid plaque clearing antibody results by Lilly previously, by Biogen, are really quite important. But as George said, even with the adjuvant, there's still going to be a tremendous burden of Alzheimer's disease. But what the data seem to be speaking towards is that the process is ongoing, is that the pathologic role of amyloid is not over. And as George said, having another way, perhaps upstream, stopping the production of amyloid, maybe even a more advantageous way to deal with the ongoing process that amyloid seems to be generating, which is what the antibody data, I think, seems to be speaking to us.
Leonard Schleifer: Obviously, as Marion mentioned, on a sequential basis, demand was modestly up. So obviously, we were offset by the factors that Marion referred to.
Leonard Schleifer: So I mean, that's a large database of millions. And I think that, that is what you're hearing is that that's why we had more confidence perhaps than others did with DUPIXENT and now with anti-IL-33.
Leonard Schleifer: Let me go right to the answer since you ran right to the question. We don't give future guidance on specific quantitative measures of our sales. On a qualitative basis, Marion has said, that we're anticipating that the combination of EYLEA and 8 milligrams aflibercept will be a growth franchise over time for the company.
Leonard Schleifer: Before Marion answers that, I just want to come back to the BCMA story a little bit, because it's one that I'm particularly excited about. The bispecific field, which was initiated by Regeneron in terms of using bispecifics, I think we were the first to put the biospecific into patients, has obviously become a very clouded space. and it's sometimes hard to differentiate what you've got compared to what the competition has and you look at somebody claiming one thing and you're claiming another and so on and so forth. But if you take a dispassionate view, I think for the BCMAxCD3 program, you could really see a differentiated molecules and the potential to be best-in-class. Antibodies are not all created equal. Bispecifics are not all created equally. You do see differences. Clinical trial programs and not all created equally. This is one I'd really encourage you to think a very careful look at and compare. Now there was some question on EYLEA. Marion, you're going to answer that.
Marion McCourt: Sure, very happy to comment. And as I noted, as we're reporting on the quarter performance on a sequential basis, we did see with EYLEA, if I look at a sequential quarterly basis, we did see with EYLEA a net product sales decrease of 4%. As I mentioned, it was driven by a number of factors. Certainly, competitive pressure is one, but we also reflected on while we had slightly higher demand volume. It was offset by lower sequential wholesaler inventory levels and overall tire sales-related deductions. Specifically as it relates to competitive pressure, I would say that this is overall competitive dynamic in the anti-VEGF category, not something that we would necessarily identify with a particular product, more the totality of competition. I will comment that in the quarter, we certainly maintained a 70% branded share and over at approximately, I believe it was a 46% share in the overall anti-VEGF category. So certainly standard of care with EYLEA. And very importantly, we look forward to launching aflibercept 8 milligram, as I mentioned now, is about 7 weeks away.
Marion McCourt: Sure, Tyler. I can give you the detail there. So while still within the normal range of inventory related to your question on EYLEA in the quarter in the normal range is 5 to 10 days, our inventory levels were approximately three days lower at the end of the first quarter of 2023 compared to the end of the fourth quarter of 2022. And when you do the calculation on that, as I'm sure you all will do, that's a negative impact in the first quarter net sales of approximately $70 million.
Marion McCourt: Sure, very happy to comment. And as we think of DUPIXENT and all the different therapeutic disease areas and specialists that we cover with some indications, there certainly is an amazing and wonderful synergy. And you give an example with COPD launch potentially. And obviously, today, we're in market with our asthma indication and with nasal polyps. As we look forward with COPD, it's a really important launch, an indication to help patients in a way potentially that, as George described, hasn't been achieved ever for this population. So we have the opportunity to use our existing footprint, specifically in covering respiratory specialists, pulmonologists. But we'll also evaluate very closely with Sanofi, as you've seen us done in dermatology indications, where we might need some additional coverage and where the synergy is adequate, and we'll be very disciplined and very thoughtful about that. But you can be assured that we'll make certain that we appropriately give commercialization effort to such an important indication of COPD.
Marion McCourt: I'll add to the enthusiasm here too in COPD, the potential to have a second product following DUPIXENT as well. So this will be a very important future area for helping patients.
Marion McCourt: Len to your comment, you were talking about numbers of patients. I can fill in there that as of March worldwide, we had over 600,000 patients on DUPIXENT in 57 countries.
Marion McCourt: So Salveen, we are actively involved in all aspects of launch preparation. And certainly, that includes all elements and levers associated with premarket activities and then getting ready for the launch activities. We do have in place a very sophisticated market access, payer and pricing team. And at the appropriate times, they most definitely will be involved with payers and other organized customers that will be important in our launch efforts. Additionally, this is a customer base that we know very well from our over a decade experience with EYLEA, so we look forward to potential FDA approval and launch activities and working with all of our customer stakeholders. I'll also mention again the importance in the retinal space of the key opinion leaders and prescribers and the enthusiasm they have for a product that really can be a game changer for their patients in terms of visual acuity, duration and the safety profile they've come to know with EYLEA. So we're very enthusiastic and look forward to the launch opportunity, and we'll be ready.
Marion McCourt: So let me take some of the items, and others may want to jump in here, too. But first, I would say that some of the calculation related to market share shift is not exactly correct. There was some decline in the quarter, but not to the height that you mentioned. When I look at market shares through the entirety of the first quarter period, then as described, it is a more competitive market, a variety of, obviously, competitors, very low cost and others. And overall, EYLEA performance is in a very strong situation as we look today to planning for our future portfolio and the aflibercept 8-milligram launch. As to the specifics of pricing and calculation to the net, I can't give you specifics on that number. But I do think that we gave you some transparency on the overall item related to inventory, overall competitive pressures and then our preparation for our next launch in the category coming up shortly, we hope, following FDA approval.
Marion McCourt: Sure. And Carter, getting back to your question on the competitive dynamic and pricing pressure. I think if you look at the anti-VEGF category and look at it over time, go back multiple quarters, there has been increasing competitive pressure. And that does then have a corollary to some extent on pricing dynamic, and that would go forward. But I just want to share and remind all that in the category in the VEGF category, what really is rewarded is product profile. And as we look at a product like EYLEA that launched and was a game changer in the category, that was profile not being the least costly, right? There's been a low-cost alternative, very low-cost alternative for a very, very long time, but it was the product profile that made the difference for prescribers and patients. So that will always be a very important dynamic to look at going forward, and certainly has strong interest for prescribers as we bring a new product into the marketplace following FDA approval with aflibercept 8 milligram. But to your point, pricing pressure will continue in this category. But what's most important is product profile and the clinical attributes that the patient experiences.
Marion McCourt: So of course, the updates on actual prescribing will be even more important as the product comes into the marketplace and physicians have an opportunity to use it and select patients. We obviously have done a lot of work with our medical team, looked at the clinical data with specialists. And to give you an early answer to your question, I think there's opportunity for a variety of patients that are deemed to be appropriate candidates. And there's a range. Certainly, when physicians are considering new patient starts, it's very attractive. We obviously have a strong portion of patients that are naive to EYLEA today, but in the future, the question becomes, why wouldn't you start a new patient with a product that gives you all the visual acuity benefits and safety of EYLEA, but it also gives you that durability and duration? Because obviously, physicians know their patients are anxious and don't like to have more injections in the eye than they need to. Similarly, you might have a patient that's very well controlled on another product, maybe EYLEA, maybe another product in the anti-VEGF category. But you'd like to give them that opportunity for duration and, maybe in some cases, if the product is in another area of the anti-VEGF category, improved visual acuity and duration. So I would say it's the combination of interest for patients who might be broadly anti-VEGF category switch patients, or the potential for new patients as well. I hope that helps, and I look forward to the day when we can give you specifics for market experience.
George Yancopoulos: Well, as we've already reported, based on our two country cohorts, we are seeing remarkable overall response rate increases over the PD-1 standard alone, almost doubling with much longer PFS. If we get anywhere near these numbers along with a satisfactory safety profile, which we had seen a favorable safety profile in the small studies, but if we reproduce or come anywhere close to reproducing these results, we believe that this will establish an entirely new standard of care for this disease. And as we all know, the first-line melanoma opportunity is very large, but we're also moving laterally and earlier and so forth into many additional applications within the melanoma opportunity itself. We're going -- we're already now in adjuvant and entering neoadjuvant studies. We'll also be going to other cancer settings, including lung cancer and so forth. So we consider this a major opportunity, and we can only help to -- if we approach the data that we've already seen in our earlier studies, it really has a chance to make a huge difference for these patients.
George Yancopoulos: Well, we think that the data were really game changing. I mean this is the first time in human history that one has been able to use this very exciting siRNA technology within the brain and silence, to a very high degree, higher-than-expected levels an important pathological gene. Obviously, this could have important implications for Alzheimer's itself. But as you point out, the application goes way beyond that. To every neurodegenerative disease, there are also other types of CNS diseases as well. We have a number of programs that we're working with Alnylam. We have exclusive relationship with them on all of these CNS targets. And we're trying to expedite a lot of them based on the exciting results from this initial clinical work into the clinic. And we're also trying to expedite many of our programs that are behind as well. So we really think this opens up an entirely new way of addressing a whole assortment of brain diseases and neuropsychiatric diseases, not just neurodegenerative diseases. We're in exciting times. We have to go cautiously. We have to hope that the initial results, in terms of the safety profile and so forth, hold up. We're all in the early days, and we don't know for sure. But the low doses with which we saw this very marked reduction in the target give us a lot of hope that we can have a sufficient therapeutic window that will be applicable to these large variety of disease that could potentially be addressable by this modality.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. We are more optimistic, obviously, that all of our decisions, all of the data that led us to do the particular study and the particular population of patients in COPD with DUPIXENT was made based on a lot of factors. And we also had, from our Regeneron Genetics Center, very strong human genetic evidence suggesting that it would have activity particularly where we actually saw activity. And so all of that gives us confidence -- since we use the same criteria, the same approaches and so forth to plan and design our IL-33 study, certainly, the fact that everything that went into one and it all worked so remarkably well gives us confidence that the same approaches will lead to success with the IL-33. The results with DUPIXENT were really outstanding, as we've already mentioned. Not only a clinically meaningful reduction in exacerbations, but we hit all these other important endpoints, most importantly, improvement in lung function, as well as you rarely hit these quality of life improvements unless you have a really active agent that the patients can really feel the difference for their function and for their quality of life. With IL-33, the genetics is very strong. We have a Phase II study in the subgroup that we're doing the Phase III study in. It was in that group. We have demonstrated a 42% reduction in exacerbations in the Phase II study. This will be an overlapping population with our DUPIXENT population. We think we already have a chance to really make a huge difference for this high unmet need population that really has had no new mechanism of action of drugs brought to help these patients for a very, very long time. We have one with Dupixent, and we're hoping to hit another one with IL-33. And this could make such a huge difference for these patients who have been suffering for so long without much hope. It could really make a big difference for this population.
George Yancopoulos: Since [Indiscernible] expand it a little bit, just let you know how it works. What we do is we identify genetic variations that mimic the blocking of a drug or exacerbation of this type 2 pathway. And what we showed for DUPIXENT, for the genetic variations that mimic DUPIXENT, those people were protected from COPD, particularly the type 2 COPD patients. Whereas increased activity of the IL-4/13 path was associated with more disease. And obviously, that turned out to be the case. I mean it's human genetics. It's a very, very powerful predictor. And we've done the same thing, as Len said, with IL-33, where we have genetic variation at mimics blocking the pathway or exacerbating the pathway. And as I've said, this is one of the secrets to our ability to have high success rates in our studies is we use that as a criteria to make our decisions going forward.
George Yancopoulos: Well, I think you're going to actually see an update on our pivotal Phase II data, the actual data that was a little bit more maturing, with a further update we will be hoping to submit to the to the FDA for our BLA. So the data will be very close. We think the data will even get better as it matures. Because as we all know, response rates and so forth get better with time as you follow these patients. But these data are going to show what we believe are the potential to have best-in-class efficacy, as well as safety in the favorable dosing schedule based on the results that we'll show from our pivotal study at the upcoming ASCO.
