Bob Terifay: Thank you, George. We continue to be proud of the successful launch today of EYLEA or aflibercept injection. And the third quarter was no exception, as evidenced by $244 million in sales.  The overall penetration of EYELA into the wet AMD market continued to grow during the third quarter, both in terms of newly treated patients as well as patients switching for bevacizumab and ranibizumab. Importantly much of this growth came from new retinal practices that appeared to have been bevacizumab only practices in the past.  There are two reasons why physicians reported they are adopting EYELA. First, the convenience of the dosing regimen and secondly, efficacy. Retinal specialist satisfaction with the efficacy of EYLEA was underscored at the recent annual scientific meeting of the American Society of Retinal Surgeons or ASRS, which took place in August. At this meeting there were nine independently prepared presentations from retinal practices around the country that reported their positive initial experiences with EYLEA, specifically in patients switched from ranibizumab for bevacizumab. These data provided additional insight into the differentiated product reception of EYLEA in this specific switch population.  Turning now to reimbursement, remember that EYLEA is a buy and build product and it’s not successful reimbursement is key. We continue to witness successful reimbursement in wet AMD from all the regional Medicare carriers, secondary and supplemental insurers and commercial and private payers. All targeted commercial payers are now covering EYLEA with many of them now having published coverage policies.  As I mentioned last quarter, as of July 1st we were given the temporary Q-code which will be followed by permanent J-code which we expect in January of 2013. As you know, the Q-code facilitates an automated reimbursement. In our experience so far, there has been a streamlining of the reimbursement process following the Q-code. Since the Q-code is issued, physicians indicate that the average time for reimbursement of Medicare claims has improved. We remain very pleased with the growth of EYLEA and wet AMD to-date. As you know another avenue of growth for EYLEA is expansion into other indications. And we’re happy to report that in the third quarter EYLEA received approval for the treatment of macular edema following CRVO in the US Given that EYLEA was only approved for five working days in the third quarter it’s too early launch of the macular edema following CRVO indication to gauge impact on sales. What I share with you is as of today all Medicare carriers have reported that they are reimbursing for EYLEA in this new indication. Turning to our guidance for EYLEA net sales for the remainder of the year, we’re cognizant in with a couple of important factors. As you know we’ve now penetrated the vast majority of accounts that have been identified as ranibizumab accounts. We also have several hundred accounts now purchasing EYLEA that were not identified as ranibizumab account. The numbers of accounts that treat wet AMD and have not yet purchased EYLEA are limited. Second, we see the patients continuing EYLEA therapy are moving towards less frequent dosing. Importantly for the coming quarter, we also expect some seasonality with the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays in the quarter, as we expect many practices to be closed for the last week of the year and some patients will likely delay injections until after the holidays. Beyond the US we see tremendous opportunity for EYLEA. The ex-US wet AMD market is just as big if not bigger than the US market. In the third quarter, we along with our ex-US partner Bayer HealthCare announced that EYLEA had received a positive opinion for the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use to the EU. Bayer launched EYLEA for the treatment of wet AMD in various Europe territories following approval, which is expected later this year. EYLEA has also been approved for the treatment of wet AMD in Australia, Japan, Columbia and Brazil with launches anticipated beginning late this year. I would now like to turn for ophthalmology to oncology, what we made our first foray in the third quarter with the approval of ZALTRAP also known as ziv-aflibercept. We co-commercialized ZALTRAP with our partners Sanofi. Interest in the use of ZALTRAP in its approved medical setting for historically there was no therapy demonstrated to improve overall survival in combination with the standard of care chemotherapy regimen Folfiri, it’s highlighted by the $8.3 million in net sales recorded by Sanofi in the United States from August 20th to September 30th. With that, let me turn the call over to Murray Goldberg.
Bob Terifay: Sure. In the past we've given you information from physician surveys. We’d like to try to get more focus on the actual numbers. So I think what we can tell you is that it best and has about 15% of the overall market at the present time. Among the two products that are specifically approved for use in retinal diseases, total sales were $636 million. Our share of those sales is about 40%. So overall what you can look at is, in the marketplace for anti-VEG-F therapies used in the eye, we have about a 20% market share. Now I remind you that Lucentis is approved but BRVO, CRVO and DME. So part of those sales are for other uses. So, our share is at least 40% or 20% of the AMD market. The other thing I can tell you from our surveys with retinal specialist which is a good indicator of where things are going is that our share of new patients is currently similar to that for Lucentis. So, we are gaining ground and things look very good for the future.
Bob Terifay: So we do have a program in place that will cover practices if they do use EYLEA in a patient and then the patient turns out not to have insurance coverage. So that has not deterred physicians from using EYLEA at the initial dosing. Most of the Avastin use quite frankly is in patients who do have insurance, who could benefit from both EYLEA and Lucentis, but the physicians have chosen to use Avastin because of its price. So, that’s a surprising point. We might have thought if you’re already going into this the Avastin was being reserved only for patients who can afford a branded product, but that is clearly not the case. So there is an opportunity to be able to convert patients and we are seeing, we have been, even before this episode switching from Avastin to our products.
Bob Terifay: So Jim that was a good observation. We’re actually picking up these practices that were all advanced and who are smaller practices, who just didn’t have the infrastructure to ensure that they had the reimbursement to stay profitable and early on with the launch of the Lucentis, they had actually lost money. So we do have our reimbursement people spending time with the smaller practices to make them comfortable with how to manage their inventory so that they don’t lose money on the anti-VEG-F agents. However, there are some larger practices that historically for one reason or another chose to be Avastin only practices, that do have the capabilities, but again, we are starting to see making inroads in those practices and we picked up quite bit of our business from Avastin.
Bob Terifay: In terms of the dosing again, I don’t give the specifics of a physician surveys, but I can tell you that dosing interval is increasing overtime as physicians move from the three loading doses and we are seeing more and more that physicians are moving towards the every eight week dosing interval.
Bob Terifay: In terms of refractory patients, if you go back to some of those presentations at ASRS, the physicians have reported that they were frequently dosing Lucentis or Avastin even on less than a monthly dosing intervals. Some of them were dosing every two weeks for example. What we see with EYLEA, is their first goal is to try to alleviate the ongoing retinal edema that existed in those patients and then they do try to increase the interval overtime and we are seeing that they are able to move the interval off and out from two weeks to four weeks or from four weeks to six weeks and over time, they are trying to stretch that. So, we do see that there is a longer interval in the refractory patients with EYLEA, but again, the more important factor that doctors have focused on is to alleviate that retinal edema and hopefully improve vision.
Bob Terifay: So again, this ties back to part of what we’re talking about refractor patients, many of the switches of people that were inadequately controlled with Avastin or Lucentis, so most of those patients are giving loading doses to start. There are some patients who’ve asked to be switched to EYLEA because of living far away from the retinal practice or because of their travel schedules. In some of those patients, they get the three loads, in some cases they switch over to every eight weeks, but the majority of our switches currently do get three loading doses.
Bob Terifay: It’s a mixed bag, there are some physicians who have chosen to go to a more predictable dosing schedule. So we actually have practices that have moved all their patients to every eight week dosing on a schedule and feel that they are getting very good results and that really is the strength of the product. If you can get to a predictable schedule we don’t have to bring them in for monitoring in between, that saves the practice money, saves the healthcare system money and it is much more convenient for the patient. There are other physicians who I wouldn’t call it a PRN dosing schedule but they are using a treat extend dosing schedule which is, they try to extend out the dosing interval by checking on the patient’s vision on a regular schedule and then move it out in two week increments overtime and we do see the interval increasing as we go out in time.
Bob Terifay: So first of all, we do not promote EYLEA for any use other than the labeled indications of whether AMD and macular edema following CRVO. For the most part, payers are reimbursing specifically for those two indications on select basis, if a physician selects to go to payer and try to get reimbursement for DME, it may be possible. But again, we’re focused on our labeled indications.
Bob Terifay: Sure. So, the CRVO market first of all is relatively small compared to the AMD market, about 10% in terms of the patients. In terms of its management, historically people looked at CRVO as a disease that they manage for a six months to a year and then, well first of all, there were no therapies historically, so they did watchful waiting and unfortunately some people lost their vision permanently. But they did think of it as an acute condition that once the clot resolves, that they wouldn't need therapy anymore.  What we've seen in some of the longer term follow up studies from the Lucentis trials, specifically the horizon RVO trial is that, CRVO is a chronic disease. Patients may need anti-VEG-F therapy for several years and we do see the duration of therapy increasing for CRVO. I also think CRVO has been undermanaged in the past, because watchful waiting was the norm, we saw people delaying therapy. What we can tell you from our own trial is that patients who delay treatment for more than two months after they experience the initial incident of CRVO, did not do as well as those who received immediate anti-VEG-F therapy. So we think there's an educational opportunity on RVO. We are focusing our medical specialists on working with physicians to identify more CRVO patients and treat them early, aggressively and chronically. So it may end up being a larger market than 10% over time and it may follow more the AMD dynamics. 
Bob Terifay: So, first of all if somebody is doing well on Lucentis, unless they want to be switched for convenience, the physician is not going to switch them off of a therapy that is working. Remember AMD is a chronic disease. So there are a number of patients on continuing Lucentis therapy that aren’t going to be moved. In terms, of new patients, Lucentis does offer a rebate to high volume accounts and that does influence the decision making in certain accounts.
Bob Terifay: So remember this will constantly be a sort of a very dynamic and cycling market. You have patients who will stop therapy, these are the elderly patients. Right now we’re only getting approximately half of the branded market going in and therefore a quarter of the overall market and therefore the 75% of the market that are potential bolus patients if you will, that will accumulate as they continue to go. If we gather more and more of the frontend new patients, then obviously that would go down. So it’s very hard to model per-se, to take. If you’ve got a great model, send it along to us. 
Bob Terifay: We’re getting very late in time and we have a few more question, and sorry, so we’re going to take two more questions, operator. 
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks Murray, Bob, George, the rest of the Regeneron team for delivering a great quarter. This marks our third quarter of profitability in a row as well as a strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth. We hope this is indicative of what we strive to deliver over the long term, strong top and bottom line growth. In order for us to fulfill this promise we have to continue to continue to invest in R&D and deliver with our pipeline. As always, we thank the patients and their families who use our medicines and enroll in our clinical trials. Let me close by saying that we have always believed that Regeneron’s success is due to its outstanding group of talented and dedicated employees. Thus we are particularly proud that during this quarter, these employees and others recognize Regeneron as the best place to work in the industry as reflected by Science Magazine’s recent ranking of Regeneron as the world's number one Bio Pharmaceutical employer. With that, let me turn the call back over to Michael and open up the call for questions-and-answers. 
Leonard Schleifer: Murray do you want to deal with the SG&A leverage at this point? I mean I don’t think there’s much new here. We know that this is an efficient product to sell and…
Leonard Schleifer: In terms of the first part of your question, I would remind you that Lucentis is relatively stable in sales, but they do have three indications beyond wet AMD. Beyond CRVO, which we share in common with them, they are approved for macular edema following branch, retinal vein occlusion which is a market that is about a third of the AMD market size. And they also are the only product to approve the treatment of diabetic macular edema where there is significant unmet medical need and so there are part of those Lucentis sales, are those uses which has offset the decline in the AMD.
Leonard Schleifer: There are constantly patients who the physician determines are refractory or inadequately controlled with other therapies. Not everyone gets to a dry retina especially on a predictable dosing schedule. So we continue to see switches, but the number of switches or the numbers of switch available patients is lower than when we first launched. 
Murray Goldberg: On the tax side Jim, it’s too early to be able to forecast that. Firstly, we don’t really know when we’ll start paying cash taxes, part of that depends on how quickly we generate profits, cumulative profits and what additional NOLs we generate going forward. So we don’t the timing of when that is. And therefore, we don’t really know at that point how far we’ll have advanced and what we have been able to do in order to bring our tax rate down, but certainly it’s an important goal for us to bring our book tax rate down from that and our cash tax rate down from that 40% level.
Murray Goldberg: The leverage we get is because we’re based in to the same sales force, six sales force, and as Bob indicated, we’re covering just about all the retinal specialist and their practices so that we can expand sales even both for went AMD and additional indications without having to significantly expand our commercial expenses.
Murray Goldberg: Two good questions. In terms of the SG&A, I think as I mentioned earlier, we don't see a need around the EYLEA program for there to be a big increment in commercial expenses in and of itself. I think in terms of G&A you will see some secular trends obviously as the company is growing a lot of those expenses grow with it and the infrastructure necessary to support it, not only the commercial operations but the expansion of our R&D efforts also grows. I think you will see some small increases consistent what you've seen the past aside from the big jump in commercial expenses related to EYLEA. In terms of your other question, on R&D, we focused on the fourth quarter and the fact of the mechanics of how this is going to work in terms of the Sanofi reimbursement. So whether that will happen in each fourth quarter will depend as you point out how much we spend in terms of our discovery research and how that compares to what's reimbursed. So it's hard to predict that but we’ll try to give you a heads up as we did in this third quarter. But beyond that, in terms of the total amount aside of this quirkiness of the Sanofi expanding and reimbursement, the overall amount of what's going to happen unreimbursed R&D will also depend on other things like the progress of our NGF program which is not parted if and when that gets up and running those expenses will be unreimbursed R&D. and some of our investment in other antibodies that are not part of Sanofi collaborations such as George talked about ErbB3 which is first coming on board and other antibodies that are already advancing in Phase I. So we may see some additional spending for those and for as we pursued new technology opportunities also coming out of our own expense. So the overall level of what the unreimbursed R&D would depend on some of these other factors NGF perhaps being a large one of that. So it's an early until we get some feedback from the FDA to talk about when and how much that might be.
Murray Goldberg: 120 plus the 50, that we gave you our full year guidance of 160 to 200, we know that’s a relatively large range, but we wouldn’t take that fourth quarter rate to 50 to 90 and just automatically assume that's going to be the same thing in the first quarter next year.
Murray Goldberg: And we’ll update this guidance as we get greater clarity in terms of what we’ll be doing with some of the non-Sanofi programs moving into 2013.
Murray Goldberg: Right. So, I think those kind of detailed questions are better left for Bayer, who’s got the rolling more on this one but you can look at the uptake of our product relative to Lucentis’ first four years in the U.S. and you can take a look at the first four years of Lucentis outside the U.S. and then make your own relative guesses on how we’ll do. But if you want more details, I would suggest you talk with our colleagues at Bayer at this point. Just caution to remember of course, it’s not a monolith outside the United States, you don’t get reimbursement in every jurisdiction. These are multiple roll outs, so it’s not like the United States where we rolled out, even though the market size is probably as large outside the United States as it is in the United States, it’s not as easy to address that market as quickly.
