Michael Aberman: Good morning and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website, under events and presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today is Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Labs and Chief Scientific Officer; Murray Goldberg, Chief Financial Officer; and Robert Terifay, Senior Vice President, Commercial. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call that are not historical in nature may be forward-looking statements about Regeneron and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events and our actual results may differ materially. Such remarks may include but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and businesses, sales forecasts, financial forecasts, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition, all of which involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 which we will be filing with the SEC tomorrow and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law. GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's calls. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thank you, Len. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call to Q&A. As we'd like to give as many people a chance to ask questions as possible, we do request you limit yourself to one question. As a reminder, our team will be available in our offices after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator, you can now open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman: I just want to make sure. I think you mentioned some of those numbers wrong. So just I want to clarify what our survey results were, it was 47% for bevacizumab, 30% for ranibizumab and 22% for EYLEA.
Michael Aberman: In terms of the trial design for the DME trial, these are trials versus laser and there is two different dosing arms for EYLEA and every four week dosing arm as well as an every eight week dosing after a loading dose. Was your another question regarding the DME? Again, the European trial has a primary endpoint at one-year and U.S. trial was designed with the two-year primary endpoint.
Michael Aberman: So with that let us conclude. Let me once again say, how pleased we were to transform the company to a profitable company and return somewhat value in terms of rewarding our shareholders, but we have a lot of exciting things to look forward to. And we're hard at work trying to continue to execute. So thanks for your time and have a great Valentines Day.
George Yancopoulos: Thanks, Len. 2012 was also a good year for Regeneron's research and development organization, and I will highlight a few accomplishments and upcoming milestones from our pipeline. For EYLEA, as you just heard from Len, we received approval and an additional indication in 2012, macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion. We also initiated an additional trial in patients with macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion, and we fully enrolled our U.S. and ex-U.S. Phase 3 DME trials. We look forward to getting the topline results from the one-year primary endpoint for the ex-U.S. DME Phase 3 trial, VIVID-DME by the end of the year. As a reminder, for DME in the EU, a one-year primary efficacy endpoint is required for regulatory approvals. While in the U.S. it has been a two-year efficacy endpoint. Turning to Regeneron727, our PCSK9 antibody targeting lowering of LDL cholesterol, for which we have just had the generic name approved alirocumab. In 2012, we presented and published positive Phase 2 data and subsequently initiated a 22,000 patient Phase 3 program ODYSSEY, which includes an 18,000 patient cardiovascular outcomes trial. While the majority of the Phase 2 results will emerge in 2014, we now expect the first Phase 3 trial in the program ODYSSEY MONO to have data available in the third quarter of 2013. While this is a small trial in a monotherapy setting, it will represent the first Phase 3 trials results for PCSK9 program. In 2012, we also fully enrolled the first of our Phase 3 trial for sarilumab, our IL-6 receptor antibody called the SARIL-RA-MOBILITY trial. We initiated an additional Phase 3 trial SARIL-RA-TARGET, and will shortly initiate additional Phase 3 trial in the SARIL-RA program. Just last month, we announced that we have positive proof-of-concept data for our IL-4 receptor antibody, Regeneron668, for which we also have a generic name, dupilumab, in two allergic diseases, atopic dermatitis and allergic asthma. We are particularly excited about this program as these diseases remain areas of a high degree of unmet medical needs and we believe it's locking both the IL-4 and 13 pathways, with our antibody has the potential to be a disease modifying therapy. Obviously, it is still early in terms of drug development, but we look forward to presenting the atopic dermatitis data at the American Academy of Dermatology Meeting in March, in Miami, and the asthma data at a conference later in the year. We anticipate starting Phase 2b trials for both indications in the middle of this year. Before turning the call over to Bob Terifay, I want to also mention that we will focus in our investor calls, in our late-stage pipelines we invest a lot of time and resources to our early-stage pipeline, technology development and our discovery efforts. Therefore, I want to quickly highlight some of these efforts. Specifically, we have made significant progress in our bispecific antibody program, our long-acting antibody program, one that which we call Catch and Release, as well as our antibody-drug conjugant or ADC efforts. We hope to provide more details on these programs as the year progresses. But like our VelocImmune platform, we believe we are developing best-in-class approaches with these next generation antibody like therapeutics. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Bob to provide an update on the EYLEA launch.
George Yancopoulos: Obviously, the DARPins are a long way off and there has been very little real data available on them. I guess, a lot of people were disappointed at this weekend the Angiogenesis meeting at Bascom Palmer that the investigators were allowed to really speak any further beyond the easy published data, but they did review to published data to see whether there was really any evidence in the publications to support the possibility that the anti-VEGF DARPin would have any advantages compared to existing agents. I guess the conclusions that were reached at the presentation at the Angiogenesis meeting is that it didn't seem that they had any advantages, for example, the published data supporting the half life when interpreted by the investigators suggested that if anything, the half life was the same or actually shorter then some of the existing agents out there? And of course, we already know that they had some safety issues in their early studies and until yearend, hundreds if not thousands of patients, one can't really assess the actual safety situation. So as I said, obviously it's very setting. There is a lot of question. We're following it very interested fashion. But as Len said, I mean, we not only have following outside developments, but we believe we have a lot of internal efforts that will keep us state-of-the-art and the leader in this field.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, Ted. The sales doesn't show up anywhere in our income statement. Our share of the profits is one of the components of the Bayer collaboration revenue line and we've detailed that as I said in the 10-K and in future quarterly filing. But that's our share of the loss and then in the case of EYLEA our share of the profits, and then from that we subtract our repayment obligation to that particular quarter will be the net profits that we will recognize that will be part of the collaboration revenue line for Bayer and then the detailed and the breakout of that would be in the MD&A.
Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Murray, Bob, George. To wrap it up, 2012 was a great year, but we believe the future will be bright with the expansion of EYLEA globally ahead of us, and a robust product pipeline advancing. With that, let me turn the call back to Michael for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Leonard Schleifer: So Murray will handle some of the guidance questions, which I think he may have covered in his talk and he can elaborate on it. As far as the expense is specifically related to the ODYSSEY trials, we're really not in a position to talk about, that's kind of competitive information.
Leonard Schleifer: And my answer is, I'm not really interested in going into too much detail on that. It might be worth just taking this moment to explain that some of the HSR rules are somewhat outgained. But it might be worth just explaining as we understand and in terms of general, that the basic point is that when you want to acquire a stock in a company, if the stock that you own plus the stock that you want to acquire is over a certain threshold and that threshold is $500 million as adjusted, I believe it's $700 million now, you need to file a pre-action notice with the government and get approval. It's an odd thing, because it doesn't matter the fact that the stock wasn't valued $500 million or $700 million, as the case maybe when they've bought it, even they it we'd appreciate it if they wanted to buy anymore shares, even a single share they needed to file this notice and get approval. I hope that clarifies at least in mechanics.
Leonard Schleifer: So I don't think we can give you the specifics on the number of injections that are in our models. So you'll have to fly that, when you sell for your own. In terms of the recent Genentech label, you're correct, that the label, they did get a PRN dosing, that was specifically called out that it was not as effective compared to monthly dosing. And then it required regular assessment. By comparison of course, not that you can't compare a product profiles per se, but you can compare labels. And our label says that you can with every other month dosing after loading those there is no monitoring requirement. And you had clinically equivalent efficacy. So we're very pleased with where our label is.
Leonard Schleifer: The only thing I can say that is I'll give you qualitative answer. I know you've kind of asked the semi-quantitative question, but the qualitative answer is that Santen is an extremely good partner for Bayer and Regeneron in Japan. Obviously, they are a top ophthalmology company with a lot of reach to the physicians. So we're excited about how the launch is going and you'll get a little bit more color on that I think from Bayer.
Leonard Schleifer: So yes, you're correct and that competition the as well as we have stated that we do not believe the results of an outcome study are required for approval for a cholesterol lowering indications. But you're also correct that if you and you look back to the statins, if you have and if and when you can get in the label outcomes data, obviously that becomes more compelling to physicians in terms of uptake. But I think that there is a sufficient unmet medical need here in terms of the millions of patients who either can't tolerate statins or can't get the goal at statins and who need more cholesterol lowering, that we're excited that this presents a very strong opportunity for our product.
Leonard Schleifer: That's a question that's not easily answered because it's not one market and there is many geographies and different pricing and discounts and what have you. And it's frankly quite complex, but back to Bayer, when they do their call coming up in not too distant future.
Robert Terifay: Yes, I agree, Len. The way we do the survey is we try to pick a representative sample of 200 retinal specialist but we do vary it as we go out overtime. So it's very hard to trend specific numbers. What I could tell you is that it does seem that Avastin sales are slowly declining with the launch of EYLEA. I don't think you can read that Lucentis is growing from Avastin sales. I think it was just the distribution of physicians that we had in the surgery. In terms of the compounding question, we do see physicians are concerned. There are some safe there where the physicians are having to write prescriptions or spreadsheets with all the patients for whom compounded Avastin is being used but there has been no major market shift as of yet.
Robert Terifay: Let's start with the CRVO. We expect to see a slower uptick in CRVO. We're not seeing as many switches in the CRVO market and part of that maybe related to our labeling, which calls for monthly dosing in CRVO but we do expect to see continued growth in CRVO, just at a slower pace than wet AMD. In terms of giving market share guidance, we're not doing that at this time.
Robert Terifay: Yes. So we're very encouraged. Our new business is ticking up quite well. We had a 20% market share in the new segment in the fourth quarter.
Robert Terifay: As we mentioned the MOBILITY trial is fully enrolled. That's our first Phase 3 trial. I think we expect those data probably towards early '14, is the timeline there. As you know, we've announced initiation of additional trials with sarilumab. We think we have a very robust program. And while it's crowded field, we do believe if you look at how the IL-6 class is doing, I mean we do think the class matters. And recently our competitor Roche reported very great sales from Actemra. I think you'll see these classes is gaining acceptance as a very important treatment paradigm for patient too remove arthritis. So we're excited to unveil our complete Phase 3 program, which you should see relatively soon and at that time we can discuss in more detail what the package will look like.
