Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Michael. Good morning to everyone. In terms of the agenda for today, following my brief introductory remarks, George Yancopoulos, Chief Scientific Officer, will provide an update on our pipeline. Bob Terifay, Senior Vice President of Commercial, will then provide an update on the EYLEA launch, and Murray Goldberg, our Chief Financial Officer will wrap up with financial highlights before I offer some concluding remarks and we open the call for questions and answers. Today we are happy to report a very successful quarter as our team continues to execute on the ongoing launch of EYLEA, also known as intravitreal aflibercept injection. We saw strong quarter-over-quarter growth with U.S. net sales of $194 million, representing a 57% increase over the last quarter. Given the trajectory of the launch to date, tempered by the potential for less frequent dosing as doctors increase the interval between injections of EYLEA, we are increasing our full-year U.S. EYLEA net sales forecast to between 700 and 750 million from a prior 500 to 550 million. If we achieve this new forecast, EYLEA will become one of the best drug launches in the history of the biotechnology industry. In a few minutes, Bob Terifay will go into some more details on the launch. Importantly, the strong EYLEA sales growth translated into even stronger earnings growth where we saw non-GAAP net income rise more than 2.5-fold from $40 million last quarter to slightly over $100 million in the second quarter of 2012, which translated into non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share of $0.90. Obviously we are pleased by both the performance of EYLEA as well as its ability to fuel the Company’s earnings. The ability to translate sales growth into strong earnings growth while still investing heavily in our robust and internally discovered pipeline that includes 10 antibodies into addition to our three traps, highlights our relatively unique business model. Our PDUFA date in the U.S. for our SBLA for EYLEA for CRVO is September 23, and an approval would further expand the EYLEA opportunity. As a reminder, the strong commercial results for EYLEA only reflect the launch of EYLEA in the U.S. Outside the United States, our partner Bayer Healthcare has already receiving marketing approval in two countries – Australia and Colombia – and we are awaiting regulatory decisions in the EU, Japan, and other countries. We expect the global launch to start toward the end of the year. To that end, during the second quarter Bayer Healthcare consummated an agreement with Santen, the market-leading ophthalmology company in Japan to co-promote EYLEA in Japan. We think this will accelerate the launch and further bolster the opportunity in Japan. Beyond EYLEA, we await FDA action on our application to market Zaltrap or aflibercept injection for intravenous infusion in combination with a Folfiri chemotherapy regimen for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer that was previously treated with an oxalplatin-containing regimen. We are also advancing our robust pipeline, including our late stage Phase III programs: sarilumab targeting the IL6 receptor, and Regeneron 727 targeting PCSK9. Let me highlight PCSK9 briefly because that is a program that is generating a lot of excitement, not only within Regeneron but within the clinical community and pharmaceutical industry. Surely, we have a lot of competitors but we believe we are in the lead and are committed to trying to stay in front. We and our partner, Sanofi, just announced that we have initiated our broad 22,000 patient Phase III program known as Odyssey. In addition, Sanofi has formed a dedicated development unit for the program, emphasizing their commitment to this important investigational agent. With that, let me turn to our Chief Scientific Officer, George Yancopoulos, to highlight some of the important achievements in our pipeline during the second quarter.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Thanks, Bob. Before moving to Murray to review the financial results, let me take a moment to address the competitive landscape in wet AMD and our long-term vision for Regeneron and ophthalmology. EYLEA represents the culmination of years of internal research and development for Regeneron in the field of angiogenesis, where we were early pioneers and made seminal discoveries. We were not the first anti-VEGF to reach the market for the treatment of eye diseases; in fact, EYLEA is the third approved anti-VEGF product after Macugen and then Lucentis. However, our goal is for EYLEA to become the global market leader. Given this history, we are very aware that research and innovation will not stop at EYLEA, and patients and physicians will be looking for the next innovation in the treatment of wet AMD. Thus, we continue to invest in research to not only find ways to improve EYLEA but also to find novel approaches and targets to treat wet AMD and other eye diseases. For example, in the Sanofi collaboration we are developing an angiopoieten 2 antibody for cancer that, based on preclinical data, may also have potential to be developed for the treatment of diseases of the eye. Over the last several years, our scientists have also been exploring the role of platelet-derived growth factor, or PDGF, in angiogenesis. We currently have a high affinity PDGF antibody in pre-clinical development that we expect to be in the clinic in 2013. As a reminder, Sanofi has certain option rights to our antibodies. It is important to note that a blocking PDGF does provide an added benefit over VEG-F inhibition alone in diseases of the eye. We believe it is important to try and develop a potent inhibitor, combine it with the best VEG-F blocker, and attempt to develop it as a single co-formulated injection if possible. Importantly, we know firsthand how long and difficult the road to the market can be, as it took approximately four years from the first patient enrolled in our Phase III EYLEA program to our initial launch in the U.S. As such, from what we see in the competitive landscape now, we don’t expect any new entrants to the wet AMD market before the 2017-2018 time frame. That said, we are committed to investing to maintain our leadership position through continued innovation. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Murray, who will review our second quarter financial results.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Thanks Murray, Bob, George. This was truly another great quarter for Regeneron. Let me conclude today’s call by making a few comments about the bigger picture for Regeneron. This quarter marks another step forward towards our goal of becoming a leading biopharmaceutical company, as well as a long-term growth company for investors both in terms of revenue and earnings. At a time when many large pharmaceutical companies are cutting back their research, shutting down major research centers and looking externally for innovative science and product opportunities, we are investing in research, investing in our people, and expanding our manufacturing capacity. We are also seeing our past investments and collaborations bear fruit with a robust pipeline that has multiple BLAs under review at the FDA, 10 antibodies in the clinic, two of which are in Phase III, and additional new antibodies expected to enter the clinic by the end of this year and each year thereafter.  All of these products and product candidates were invented at Regeneron by Regeneron scientists and Regeneron Laboratories, led by George Yancopoulos, our Chief Scientific Officer and my partner since the founding of the company over 20 years ago. This is an exciting time for Regeneron, and I want to again thank our dedicated employees who have helped us achieve our goals, the many investors who have stuck with us for a long time, patiently waiting to see us reach this point, and all the patients, their family members and physicians who have participated in our clinical trials and will continue to contribute to our future. With that, let me turn the call back over to Michael for questions.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Yeah, it’s a good question. When we launched the product, of course, we were very pleased that we had what you would say is a front-line label – that it’s indicated for the treatment of wet AMD. But of course, doctors tend to try a new drug in their most difficult patients, and what we learned is that that turns out to be a great strategy for us because they were very pleased with how that turned out, whether it was switches or people who weren’t getting adequate response or still wet, and you’ll hear more about that in the presentations, I think, from some of these practices in the retinal meetings in August in Las Vegas. But I would say that the big thing to remember is that the EU and the rest of the world are not one market like the United States is, so you don’t know exactly how things are going to play; and this may play great in one place and in another place it may be driven solely by negotiating price, and someplace else it may be just driven by how well the sales people there are ready. But I think that if there’s one overriding thing that we’ve learned and I think Bayer obviously has learned is that the docs like the product, so the more we can get doctors to start using the product, that becomes our best selling effort.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: Right. I don’t want to get into the details of our development plans and strategy, because this is a competitive area. But let me just make another comment or a reiterated comment I made when we presented our opening remarks, which is that the effect that’s been reported to date with a PDGF aptamer was a rather modest effect of about four letters difference between Lucentis alone, and it took two different injections to get that. What we think the lesson there is, is that (a) there should be caution, and if there’s more questions we can drill down why there should be caution, of whether or not that is going to repeat in further studies; second, we believe that a modest effect size like that would best be delivered to the marketplace if you had a co-formulated – that is, you could inject once into the eye. And finally, we believe that if you’re going to go down this path, you want to go down the path with the best PDGF blocker that you can, and the aptamer—we don’t think that the aptamer necessarily—like anything else, the first one may or may not be necessarily the best one.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: So Bob, if you want to deal with the first question, and then we can deal, George, with the second one.
Dr. Leonard Schleifer: All great questions, but I think we probably have said more than we are comfortable saying, frankly. We don’t want to get into much more detail since it’s a pretty competitive space, Geoff.
Robert Terifay: Bayer is looking globally. We haven’t discussed filing strategies outside of EU and Japan as of yet.
Robert Terifay: Sure. So we are encouraged by the survey results that indicate that we have an annuity of patients at this time; the continuing patient segment is growing. Now remember, the dosing for patients is three initial monthly doses followed by dosing every eight weeks, and we do see that in both the naïve as well as the switch patients, that the dosing interval is expanding beyond that four weeks after the initial loading dose period. So we’ll see fewer injections in those continuing patients once they get past the initial monthly loading dose phase. However, we do see growth in new patients, which is exactly where we expect to get our revenues from; and as you would expect, there was a pool of patients ready for switching that is not drying up but decreasing because there was some pent-up demand. So I think what you’ll see is fewer injections in the continuing, decreased overall number of switches, and we’ll have continued growth in the new.
Robert Terifay: So I’ll start with the naïve patient. New patients in the wet AMD market coming in are roughly 25 to 30% of the overall market. In terms of where things are settling out on the dosing, it’s really too early because we constantly—as you saw, we have people who are just staring EYLEA, a fairly large group that are, even when they are switched, are generally being started on a monthly loading dose, period. So we’re seeing the dosing interval go out over time. I think we’ll have a better sense in future earnings calls, but it would be premature to give you a specific time right now.
Robert Terifay: So as Len said with regards to the CRVO, we’ll wait and see when the claim comes; but I’d just remind everyone, CRVO, although it’s an important indication to add to our breadth of claims for EYLEA, CRVO in terms of the number of patients eligible for anti-VEGF therapy is about 10% of the wet AMD patient population. So CRVO is going to be a fairly small marketplace, but it does expand the utility of EYLEA if we get that claim.
Robert Terifay: Yeah, so many of the carriers required under a period where we had a miscellaneous J-code additional paperwork such as copies of the approval letter, documentation of the claim, the use for wet AMD, and that did require extra paperwork for the offices and oftentimes there’s been a changeover in the computer systems that process claims, and there’s been a slowdown especially on these manual-type claims. So with the Q-code, many of the carriers have said they don’t’ require that documentation upfront any more because there is now a specific code for EYLEA, so it is easier for many offices to file. And as we’ve said, we have seen in some of the carriers around the country that were slow on claims processing because of these manual procedures, that—we only got the Q-code on July 1 and we’re seeing claims come through already in some of those practices, so it’s very encouraging.
