Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Manisha. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call and webcast today. The first quarter of 2017 was an eventful and significant quarter. Dupixent, our breakthrough drug for the treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis in adults, received regulatory approval in the United States and the launch is underway. This marked the first of two anticipated FDA approvals in 2017, the second being for sarilumab, also now known as Kevzara, where we have been granted an FDA action or PDUFA date of May 22. Before we get into the details of our quarterly performance, I want to take a moment to remind everyone of two important priorities at Regeneron. At the core, we have always been a company that is driven by science, and committed to bringing important new drugs to patients in need. These priorities are directly responsible for the robust pipeline that we have today, with five FDA approved drugs and 16 product candidates in various stages of clinical development, all of which have come out of Regeneron labs. George will provide more details on pipeline progress. As we advance as a company, the commercial aspects of our business is growing in importance as well. This year, we and our collaborator, Sanofi, are laser-focused on ensuring that the ongoing Dupixent launch is successful. While it is too early for us to provide you with sales updates, I am pleased to share with you that about five weeks into the launch of Dupixent, things are continuing to go well. We are pleased with the interest and reception from both patients and physicians. Just last week you heard from our partner, Sanofi, that about four weeks into the launch, more than 2,500 prescriptions for new patients for Dupixent had been written. I'm happy to inform you to-date that over 3,500 new prescriptions have been written for Dupixent, which translates into over 900 prescriptions written in the past week. We are also pleased with the reaction from the payers on our responsible approach to pricing to date. We continue to work hard to ensure that eligible patients have access to the drug, and we are pleased with the coverage and utilization management criteria that have been put in place thus far. Bob Terifay will provide additional details. While atopic dermatitis in adults is our first indication, we are also investigating the use of Dupixent in several other indications and age groups, ranging from what we think could be a near term opportunity in asthma to other indications such as nasal polyps and eosinophilic esophagitis. Just today, we reported our Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in eosinophilic esophagitis was positive. If we can get approvals for these additional indications, we expect to be in launch mode with Dupixent for many years to come. Maintaining our leadership position with EYLEA as the market-leading branded anti-VEGF drug continues to be a key focus. With our first regulatory approval in wet age-related macular degeneration or wet AMD, the EYLEA business was initially more concentrated towards the elderly, the majority of whom are Medicare patients. But with subsequent approvals in indications such as diabetic macular edema or DME and diabetic retinopathy in DME and retinal vein occlusion, we have diversified to patient groups where there is less reliance on Medicare. We continue to support the ongoing launch of Praluent, our PCSK9 inhibitor antibody, for lowering LDL cholesterol. We expect our 18,000-patient cardiovascular outcome study to be completed towards the end of the year with data in early 2018. On the U.S. patent litigation, we and our collaborator, Sanofi, have been granted an oral argument date of June 6, 2017 at the Court Of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Based on this timing, we could get a decision on the appeal before the end of the year. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to George.
Leonard S. Schleifer: 12 to 17. So, I mean, I think everybody gets it, and we've got good early data, and as George said, we're sort of doing this logically, and trying to move to where that need is. Of course, the chronocity of treatment from a commercial point of view, once you make it to adulthood and you have the disease, we should be clear that this is – we don't view this as treating an episodic disease. These people have disease chronically and will need chronic treatment, which may be different than children who can possibly outgrow this.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Okay. So let's take that – Ying, thanks – in two parts. First, Bob can address what he thinks the market size is overall for anti-VEGF therapy, and what the branded versus non-branded split is. And then George can deal with your question on lung cancer and PD-1.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I'll comment on the latter, and George can comment on the former. The decisions that people make aren't always the best ones, and we love our partnership with Sanofi, but remember they are the ones that turned back EYLEA. So we'll see them in the marketplace. And we think we have a very good entry, and we love the friendly competition with really good partners. George can get more into the specifics.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So, in terms of market size, this is very difficult to ascertain. We know that the market size quote-unquote is "increasing." What we don't know whether that's because there's more patients being diagnosed or it's just tracking the general increase in allergic diseases. So we remind you that there's a strong set of evidence to indicate that eosinophilic esophagitis can be a manifestation of food allergy. And so, as an allergy, we're seeing lots of these increase. The actual numbers, we just don't feel we have a good handle on the number of patients. If Bob wants to give a shot at it, that would be great. In terms of endpoints, we saw clear results, as George mentioned, both on the patient-reported outcomes as well as the hard anatomic. In some cases in the past, for example, in ulcer disease or erosive esophagitis, FDA has used endpoints such as healing, actually, by endoscopy measured. We have not had the conversation yet with the agency about these data. They're very new to us, so we will do that and then sort of let you know what it's going to take from an approval perspective. Bob, you have...
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So, that's a very, also a very difficult question to get a hard answer on. When you talk to some doctors, they'll tell you, well, they had a list of patients that they were going to bring in. When you talk to other doctors, they'll tell you that they're not – the patients are just sort of showing up and they're incident patients which they are constantly seeing in their practice and that patients are aware of the product and want to discuss it with their doctors. How long this goes on? Well, I don't know, and we don't have enough information to see what the trends are. Have we peaked because of a bolus? Are we increasing still? Are we decreasing? Really too early to tell you. We do know that we're focusing on in the 100,000 to 200,000-patient range who are the most difficult to treat. I think with any new drug class, some of it is also going to be dependent upon the doctors' reaction. The great data that I think we have in our label encourages doctors to try the product. But it will take individual experience and successes with individual patients for them to continue to use it. And so far, we even have heard some early anecdotes on that line as well. So, bottom line is we just don't have enough information to guide you, we'd like to know ourselves. And I think anybody's guess at this point is as good as anybody else.
Leonard S. Schleifer: We do want to reach out and we'll reach out appropriately to patients directly because we believe, as Bob was just suggesting, that there are patients who have dropped out of the medical system because they've been to so many different doctors with so many different regimens and nothing has helped them that making them aware that there is something new is an important part of our effort. Next question.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah. No. Thanks for the question. You're right in terms of the guidance that we've set for the full year and where we are for the first quarter. As you can imagine, we do obviously spend a lot of time and effort in terms of forecasting where we're going to come out on a by-quarter basis, and the quarters are not always consistent. We are going to be in kind of full bloom in the second quarter when we get hopefully our PDUFA approval with Kevzara, and we'll have our full strength out there in the marketplace. And again, we do expect higher expenditures with regards to SG&A and with unreimbursed R&D in the second half of 2017.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah. A lot of questions in there. First, we did actually comment on the CD20 by CD3 biospecific that it's moving along, that basically we've spent a lot of time because as obviously, you've all noticed that there have been concerns with similar types of agents, as well as the CAR-T approaches in terms of really getting the right dose and avoiding very dangerous toxicity. So, we've been very careful about dose selection in that program, and we're hoping very close to be – to the point where we can initiate larger trials. In terms of our C5 antibody, I don't know how much we've said publicly about it, but I guess we've said that we will be in the clinic with it this year and I'm sorry I didn't make any references. That was just an oversight on my part. In terms of our Outcomes study, I have to say there are so many differences between our design and the four-year design that I think it's almost impossible to try to model it and figure out are the results going to be substantially different. I think that the four-year data pretty strongly show that its results are very consistent with the sort of benefits that, when obtained in terms of cardiovascular outcomes with the proportional LDL lowering, and that's pretty much exactly what we hope to show, that we're pretty much on the same sort of curve as the statins and now the first results that are coming out of the PCSK9 class.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah. You are absolutely right that a lot of these allergic diseases, it's not only atopic dermatitis, but eosinophilic esophagitis and so forth and so on, unfortunately, afflict the very young. There's a very deliberate process that we work with with regulatory authorities to progress to the youngest in our population because we all feel that we have to be very careful, and we're working very closely with the FDA to follow along those guidelines to be able to bring this treatment down the line to the youngest of patients who really need it. But as you said, there is a very important unmet need in these populations for all sorts of allergic diseases.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah. About PD-1 and PD-L1 levels and so forth, I don't think there is actually that much of a controversy. I think that all the data shows that in most cases a higher PDL expression correlates with better responses. The controversy I think that you're referring to has to do with the fact that the first line lung study from Merck with KEYTRUDA was very impressively positive whereas the very similar population studied with the BMS drug was not. And this did not really seem to be dependent on the PDL levels. People are really working hard to understand why the Bristol drug showed very disappointing results in that study. Our goal is to show that our drug is very effective in the various lung cancer indications and we're designing, we hope and we believe robust studies to demonstrate that. And we are, I believe, going to be announcing that we're going to be – when we initiate these studies in the very, very near future.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, as you know, the power of the study is more dependent on events rather than numbers of patients that actually enrolled. We feel, though, there's always concerns, we feel that we're adequately powered, and we're hoping that the study will meet its expectations.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah. I think it will be a very long time before one has the long-term data with a new agent to be able to say whether or not it could possibly not only cause initial visual gains but maintain them, which is, I think, more important over the four- and five-year time intervals. Right now, we have the only such study that shows that, and the only such data. I think that the field has been going in the wrong direction focusing on convenience, okay, as opposed to focusing on vision. We all know, we all cherish our vision. There's nothing more important than maintaining our vision, and we think that there's been an over-focus on convenience as opposed to on bringing back – these drugs have the ability to give back vision, and we have now shown that there's at least one drug with one regimen or an assorted regimen that has the ability to maintain this over the long term. And I think that we all have to focus on that and less on trying to save an injection or two per year, which is at most what all of these non-medicine-based approaches have been doing. I think this is really important for the field, and we hope, as Bob says, that doctors can be educated about this and stop experimenting on their patients and instead follow the FDA guidelines.
Robert J. Terifay: I think it's – as we mentioned, the overall branded anti-VEGF market year-over-year grew by 9%, which is consistent with what we saw in our growth. So, you can assume that both products had approximately 9% growth. We did mention that in terms of what portion of the market is the branded market, it's approximately 65%. So...
Robert J. Terifay: I'll talk in generalities. I'm not going to get into any specifics on the financials, but what I can say is there is a major difference between Dupixent and Praluent in terms of the targeted audiences. Praluent is competing in the hypercholesterolemia market. That is a condition that's primarily treated by primary care physicians, but also was treated by a large group of cardiologists and lipidologists. So, in terms of the effort on Praluent, one has to go broad to be able to get to the large physician audience. In terms of Dupixent, as we mentioned in the United States, we're targeting about 7,000 specialists. So, the effort is more limited in terms of who you have to call on and what types of support you have to give to those patients. In terms of ex U.S., it's premature to talk about breakeven.
Robert J. Terifay: Yeah. Well, I think Len really nailed the situation with EoE. It is a disease that has generally been underdiagnosed. The current estimate in the U.S. among adults is somewhere between 100,000 and 200,000, but the true instance could be higher based upon underdiagnosis.
Robert J. Terifay: I think Len makes an important point. There are patients in need of this important therapy and our job beyond this initial bolus is really to educate physicians and patients on the fact that there is now something that could help these patients.
