Justin Holko: Thank you, Didi. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everyone listening around the globe. Thank you for your interest in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website. Joining me today on the call are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Co-Founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer; Marion McCourt, Executive Vice President and Head of Commercial; and Bob Landry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A.  I would also like to remind you that remarks made on today's call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, financial forecast and guidance, development programs and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, payer coverage and reimbursement issues, intellectual property, pending litigation and other proceedings and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission including its Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed in today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions.  With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Justin Holko: Thank you, Bob. Didi, that concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call for Q&A. . Please go ahead, Didi.
Justin Holko: Great. Thanks, everyone. That will conclude our call. Bob Landry and the IR team will be available today to answer any additional questions you may have. Thanks, everyone, and stay safe. Goodbye.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. As we indicated, we'll be hopefully providing data in the coming year, and it all depends on how the trials progress. Obviously, one has to deal with combination trials where one is dose escalating. And so those are what are limiting getting to effective doses and so forth. In terms of the choices, it all dependent on the science. Our various studies preclinically and in humanized animal models, which show that it was, in our minds, it made most sense to initiate our efforts with the CD28 costim approach.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. I mean we are hoping that this is going to turn out to be the best-in-class in terms of efficacy and also in terms of convenience for these disease categories. So yes, we're thinking about and depending on how the landscape evolves, that, that could be the opportunity that we would be going after.
George Yancopoulos: Yes. Basically, we are, as you said, we're looking, of course, to look at differences in terms of anatomic improvements, but the trial is a noninferiority study. Where we're going to be testing is whether patients that are being treated at a dramatically increased interval do as well as regular dose EYLEA had an 8-week interval. So it's going to depend on hopefully seeing that substantially higher numbers of patients are going to be able to be treated at extended dose intervals compared to the 2-milligram dose while achieving similar visual acuity effects.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, all good and somewhat complicated questions. Right now, obviously, as we've said, our cocktail remains active against all the known variants of concern that have emerged and created issues for other antibodies and so forth. However, we want to be prepared. So we're creating a complementary cocktail that if ever variants would arise that would raise problems for our current cocktail, we would have a complementary cocktail that the way we designed it would hopefully be unaffected by the same types of mutations. So it's to be prepared for that possibility that as the virus continues to evolve, we might need a cocktail that might not be sensitive to the same mutations as the first cocktail. But the current cocktail is still active against the variants of concern. Yes. There's a lot of questions in terms of how to design the study, where to do it, depending on rates of hospitalization and rates of infection. So these are the complications that we've had to navigate throughout this pandemic, as you might remember. And throughout this pandemic, we have managed to carry out the largest COVID-19 program for treatment and for prevention using antibodies. And we hope that, that all the knowledge that we gained from learning how to navigate changing, fluctuating infection rates and hospitalization rates and so forth, we can continue to take advantage of that and continue to carry out our program efficiently and as quickly as possible.
George Yancopoulos: Well, yes, I think if we were looking to get into new technologies and have new relationships, I don't think we would be telling you about them at this time.
George Yancopoulos: Well, I think, yes, what Len referring to is I think that the whole team, the whole company at many levels from the business development group through -- the science research folks through our premanufacturing group has done a spectacular job of pivoting us from a solely biologics company to a genetic medicines company. What we've managed to do is starting with our Regeneron Genetics Center is create what we believe is perhaps the world's most powerful technology to identify new genetic targets based on our sequencing of almost 2 million individuals, all linked to electronic digital records.  That allows us to understand, we think, more powerfully than anybody else, the role of genetic variation, both in disease protection and causation, which have led to a whole series of new disease targets for both protection and causation. And for those, some of those are addressable by biologics and they're part of our existing approaches with biologics, but we had to use new approaches. And for those purposes, we started creating some of these important outside alliances and collaborations with companies like Alnylam for the siRNA approaches, we talked a little bit about and with Intellia with CRISPR-based approaches. Many of these, we've been able to build and create and take them to another level based on our very productive collaborations with these 2 great companies that we're now collaborating with. And we also invested enormously internally in terms of building our own gene therapy approaches. So we believe that we're positioning ourselves to become leaders for the foreseeable future over the next decade or so in the genetic medicine space. It's becoming an increasingly important and larger part of our portfolio. It's almost a whole separate company, we believe, in terms of the opportunities and the value that it generates. While we're maintaining our leadership position with biologics, not only with classical antibodies but also with bispecifics and all sorts of engineered formats of biologics. So I think it's been a tremendous job by our entire team and organization to essentially create this entirely new capability.
George Yancopoulos: Okay. I'll remind you that I believe we announced last quarter, our first CRISPR results which were the first obtained by anybody in history in terms of using a systemic CRISPR-based therapy to actually modify genes within human beings. It was an incredibly successful study that we did in collaboration with Intellia. It was the first-ever systemic investigational CRISPR-based gene knockout approach. And in the first set of patients that we treated, we show that a single dose of this CRISPR-based therapy led to very dramatic and dose-dependent reductions in the target protein coming from the target gene. I think that the world viewed this as incredibly exciting data. I believe we announced it in June of '21. And I think it's just the beginning of a very large program. We have about 20 preclinical programs now under evaluation that will be rolling out in terms of going into the clinic and producing clinical results over the next couple of years.
George Yancopoulos: Before you get with that question. I do think just to help Robyn out a little bit, I think one really important point is, yes, as the data continues to mature and certainly, we expect excellent duration data coming out over time and so forth. But I think we all have to recognize that this represents the first true validation of this entire field and approach. And our ability working with Intellia using our specific approach to actually turn it from dream into reality. And this obviously dramatically increases the probability of success of all of our future programs based on our collaborative technology with Intellia, including both knockout and insertion approaches, and we have to, of course, highlight and point out the lack of such proof of concept and success with any other approaches to date. And I think that, that really distinguishes our collaboration with Intellia. And obviously, should adjust the risk profile for all of our programs going forward, which, as Len said, hopefully, we and Intellia will be giving more resolution on going forward.
George Yancopoulos: Yes, we're not going to say too much about your first question. But in terms of your second question, absolutely. And so when we establish this relationship with Alnylam in terms of using siRNA, it was actually directed towards 3 separate areas. So really was 3 separate collaborations. The one in the first that we thought that we'd be moving the most rapidly into the clinic and that has turned out to be the case were with liver targets, both sort of more conventional targets like the C5, but also targets that were coming from our own pipeline like the HSD target that we talked about. And that -- those are all moving along forward and we think a very exciting fashion as we've discussed. Another key area that you just opened up, which is still preclinically, but we're hoping to eventually move into the clinic is targeting the eye targets with siRNAs. And that's really a very important area for us, and it was a very important separate part of the entire Alnylam collaboration. And the third really critical foundational part of our collaboration with Alnylam involved using siRNAs to target in the brain. And that's also moving forward in a very exciting fashion, and we'll be talking a lot more about that going forward. So really, it's a 3 sort of pillar program, liver targets, eye targets and CNS targets. We're very excited and moving forward on all of them. And as we had guided early on, the first set of targets, of course, would be in the liver and then we'd be moving into the other 2 areas as rapidly as possible.
Marion McCourt: Sure, Charlie. This is Marion. Let me take that. First off, we have great ambition, of course, for Libtayo. As I mentioned, the bulk of our sales today are from our launch of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Understandably, our more recent launches have brought us again into derm with basal cell carcinoma, where Libtayo is very quickly becoming the standard of care for appropriate patients based on its clinical profile and based on, obviously, patients unfortunately fail with hedgehog inhibitors, which also can be really difficult to tolerate. So we're very pleased with how that launch is going early days. Most important, however, is our lung launch. The initial launch we had in monotherapy is understandably for a smaller target group of patients. We do believe, however, though, the experience that physicians are gaining with Libtayo in first-line monotherapy treatment is very, very important and bodes well for when we hopefully have the larger indication approved for chemo combo. And that as many of you are aware is a much larger population of patients, perhaps 4- to 5-fold more patients, and we certainly look forward to potentially being able to launch that larger indication in lung.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So we're very excited about the possibility of launching Dupixent also for eosinophilic esophagitis. As George was describing, there's tremendous unmet need in the marketplace in patients who truly are suffering and often end up in the emergency room with difficult procedures to try to remedy for the short-term, some of the difficult symptoms they have. The size of patient population for those who are undergoing recurrent treatment is about 48,000. And then obviously, there are patients who are entering the system beyond that. But probably just as a starter number that 48,000 to 50,000 who have failed multiple treatments is the core group. And then we will extend beyond that to probably about another 150,000 patients with EoE, who also have earned the need of treatment. But the failure group, obviously, of 50,000 is the most severe.
Marion McCourt: Sure. So let me give you a little bit of background and some characterization. Certainly, our indications for diabetic eye disease are the fastest growing in terms of new patients proportionately coming into the treatment paradigm. We also see a growth in the diabetes treatment population for EYLEA opposite, for example, wet AMD. So now our wet AMD treatment is under 60% of the total utilization of EYLEA in the U.S. marketplace. The specific growth on diabetic eye disease by indication, it's difficult to give you the exact breakdown, but we are very optimistic on even the early efforts we see in market based on our new unbranded direct-to-consumer TV campaign, which is really educating diabetic patients broadly on the importance of having their vision checked, making sure it's part of the regular check-in as patients with diabetes have other areas that they standardly review and make sure of their care. Eye disease has often been neglected with very disastrous situations of vision loss that can't be corrected. So we see that as a really important area and one that will fuel diabetic eye disease treatment broadly. But even today, and before we embarked upon that program, we see it as a high growth indication.
