Michael Aberman: Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' fourth quarter and year-end 2015 conference call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our Web site under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Terifay, Executive Vice President, Commercial; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and businesses, sales and expense forecasts, financial forecasts, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was expected to be filed with the SEC later this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our Web site at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, our CFO, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Leonard Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thanks, Bob. Before starting the Q&A, I just want to correct quickly that the 10-K will be filed later this week not later this morning. With that operator, we can start the Q&A.
Michael Aberman: Great. Operator, with that this concludes our call. I want to thank everybody. As per usual, myself, the IR team and Bob Landry, our CFO, are available for follow-up questions as needed at our office. Please let us know if you want to talk. Thank you.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Michael. A very good morning to everyone who has joined us on the call and webcast today. 2015 was another successful and productive year for Regeneron. EYLEA delivered impressive global growth and we received approval for and launched Praluent, which is indicated in the U.S. as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy for the treatment of adults with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, who require additional lowering of LDL cholesterol. We made significant advances in our late-stage pipeline submitting a Biologics License Application or BLA for sarilumab in rheumatoid arthritis and advancing Phase 3 clinical development for dupilumab in atopic dermatitis and asthma. In 2015, we also advanced two new antibodies into Phase 3; REGN2222 for the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus or RSV infection in infants and our anti-NGF antibody for osteoarthritis pain. We also advanced our early-stage pipeline with progress across multiple therapeutic areas including retinal diseases, cancer, infectious diseases and cardiovascular diseases. Turning to EYLEA performance, EYLEA is now the market-leading brand in anti-VEGF therapy for retinal disease in United States and continue to exhibit strong growth both in the U.S. and worldwide. We saw approximately 54% growth year-over-year in the U.S. with sales of $2.68 billion. On a worldwide basis, EYLEA sales were approximately 4.1 billion for the full year. For the full year 2016, we estimate U.S. EYLEA net sales to grow approximately 20% over full year 2015 U.S. net sales. We are focused on maintaining our leadership in the retinal space. We are continuing clinical development with EYLEA, where we have ongoing combination programs with PDGF and with ANG2 and are pursuing important additional indications for EYLEA that George will review later in the call. Turning now to Praluent, we are proud to have brought the first PCSK9 inhibitor to the market in the United States for patients with uncontrolled LDL cholesterol, which was approved and launched in July of last year. We are still in the early stages of this launch and have been working diligently to provide broad access to eligible patients and educating physicians and patients in order to increase adoption. Bob Terifay will provide some additional metrics on how the launch is progressing. Our mission at Regeneron for 25 plus years has been to consistently and repeatedly bring important new medicines to patients in need, and we feel that we are well positioned to deliver on this mission with our innovative pipeline. Building on last year’s approval of Praluent, we anticipate at least one approval each year for the coming years. In 2016, we anticipate the approval of sarilumab for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Our breakthrough product dupilumab in atopic dermatitis is progressing and we expect to report top line Phase 3 data and submit a BLA in the U.S. during this year. Beyond dupilumab, we have a rapidly developing late and early stage pipeline that now consist of 13 product candidates that were all discovered by the scientists at Regeneron, and we expect to put additional new candidates into the clinic this year. George will provide some perspective on this during his remarks. In summary, we are in the midst of a very exciting time at Regeneron with many important events anticipated in 2016. With that, let me turn the call over to Dr. George Yancopoulos, Regeneron’s Chief Scientific Officer. He will be followed by Bob Terifay and then by Bob Landry.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thanks, Bob. I would just say that if you study this industry and companies in it, nobody ever has a perfectly spaced pipeline. These spaces are usually too wide with lots of whitespace and lots of worry what to do, where is the next drug going to come from or if very infrequently as is the case here with Regeneron, there’s a lot going on that’s very compacted in time. We, of course, would rather have the latter than the former and that’s what I think is that we’re managing through. It’s an exciting time. And approval in 2015 for Praluent, 2016 we hope for sarilumab, 2017 the first approval for dupilumab and beyond that approvals for dupilumab in asthma, perhaps NGF coming up, RSV progress and perhaps approvals down the line there in immuno-oncology. So we have a very intensely compacted pipeline that we have to manage both from a technical point of view, from an operational point of view, a manufacturing point of view and of course, as Bob says, from a financial point of view.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, I don’t think we can get into the metrics in terms of those things, Terence, unfortunately. It’s a fairly competitive marketplace out there. I will reemphasize that some of the points – take this opportunity to reemphasize some of the points that Bob made, which is that we feel on the contracting side that process is starting to wind down in terms of about 90% of the lives who have either commercial or Medicare Part D coverage, decisions have been made. They haven’t been fully implemented on many of them and in fact the rollout is just going to keep going over the next several months and even into the second quarter of this year, some coverage won’t begin. We did particularly well in those cases where there was an exclusive or preferred decision made. We won that business over 60% of the time. And as Bob said in the Medicare business where it’s a large proportion of the statin use and a large proportion of our patients, we were able – when there was an exclusive or preferred decision made and that was 80% of the time, when there was an exclusive or preferred decision made that went, 95% of the lives went to Praluent. So we’re very pleased that our product offering is resonating well and that people I think are getting our message.
Leonard S. Schleifer: And we’re hoping in the elderly population where we did win so much of that business that the availability of our low dose is something that will resonate well with doctors, especially as they’re treating elderly people and perhaps wanting to start on a lower dose. Next question, Michael.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I might say on combinations, there are others who are trying to do a fixed bispecific approach and I think as George has talked about this in some of his previous meetings we’ve had, which is that the rationale there to us seems better to be able to combine these as separate drugs in a single formulation so you can adjust the concentration and dose of each one to an optimal level. When you see a result with a bispecific, you don’t know whether or not it’s got anything to do with both drugs acting or only one just acting better than the monospecific antibody or a drug that you had compared it to. So, we like the approach we’re using. We like the technology but the data are going to determine exactly where this goes.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, we’re not going to give out the data but George may want to comment on what the general approach is.
Leonard S. Schleifer: And so the programs are going well. They have obviously been enlarged because we’re pleased with the initial results that we’re seeing and we’ll be sharing some of that with you at the upcoming appropriate cancer meetings.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, so it’s always hard to anticipate trends that will drive a drug at this point. Remember, we’re in the fifth year of a launch, which is a pretty big deal to be expecting 20% year-over-year growth on a very large base. So we see the product still growing, which is I think the most important – if not quantitative, it’s the most important qualitative statement. We’ve become the leading brand in anti-VEGF in the market and we take this franchise very seriously as we think there are additional growth drivers. George talked about the fact that we want to develop in diabetic retinopathy and he’s talked about looking at it in combinations with PDGF and Ang2. So we’re still committed to developing this market both in the United States and with our partner Bayer outside of United States. We should note that the growth we demonstrated in the United States here was purely volume. We did not take any price increases. Now from a macro sense, if there are payor changes on how things are reimbursed or things like that what we can’t say now because there are none in place. But if things change, I think there will be more rhetoric this year during election year than actual action. But we monitor this very closely. We think our drug is a sight saving, an important therapy and we’re going to continue to try and grow this franchise.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, I don’t think we can frame the two-year data because we’ll just have to wait and we expect it to come sometime in the first half of this year. We don’t control the data obviously. The data is controlled by our friends at DRCR. I will say that for us the most important dataset was at the primary endpoint at one year where we did show superiority to the other therapies and we showed a very strong safety profile. As you go up to the second year when you have less patients, some dropouts and what have you, we’ll have to see the dataset and we’ll have to look carefully at hopefully to show our drug continues to have a strong safety profile as it has in all of our studies to date.
Leonard S. Schleifer: And as George mentioned in his talk, remember we have an indication for diabetic retinopathy in the setting of DME but the much broader indication of diabetic retinopathy without DME, broader in terms of number of patients is something that we would like to get added to the label and that’s why we are conducting pivotal studies to broaden the label for that indication. So, I think it’s sort of the same, Geoff, but we see growth in demographics; more patients getting older, more patients with diabetes. We see strength in potential market share both from off-labels and from – coming from the off-label Avastin and perhaps from Lucentis. We see geographic growth with more room to grow outside the United States. Our ratio outside the United States is as not as high as it is inside the United States in terms of market share and finally new indications potentially as I mentioned.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, that’s always hard to know because we of course don’t know what the other side of financial offerings are, we only know ours. But we believe in all of these meetings, we spend a lot of time trying to educate the technical people with the payors about the product profile. We do believe that the low dose, particularly in elderly patients, might be something of value for physicians to choose. Remember, the vast majority of patients are able to get to their desired level using the lower dose. Now whether or not the attitude of doesn’t matter how low you go and it’s too complicated for doctors to be able to understand the use of low and high dose, I think that puts not quite enough faith in doctors and my colleagues in the medical profession. They get the difference and I think this maybe resonating frankly.
Leonard S. Schleifer: It does seem, Mark, you may be one of the only people on the planet who can remember each and every outcome study with the statins and which statin that was used in the outcomes trial. But I do think for the most part there is some genericization. There will be subtle differences. And just to emphasize what George was saying about the power, I think Amgen is basically telling you, which is correct, which is that in previous studies the amount of risk reduction you get is proportional to the absolute number of milligrams per deciliter that you lower LDL cholesterol. Now, of course, in their Phase 2b/3 studies and I should say their Phase 3 non-outcome studies as well as ours, the starting LDL cholesterol was higher and so the overall LDL absolute reduction was a lot and therefore the risk reduction was a lot. When you start out with a more modest LDL, which we’re both doing in our outcomes trial, you have less LDL lowering and on average you should have less risk reduction but we think a very robust result. And we’ll be able to look across the barriers, spectrums of people had this starting LDL and so on and so forth. So we’re very confident in the LDL hypothesis. Remember, Brown and Goldstein were the first people to understand the LDL receptor on our Board of Directors, so this is something we’ve been very close to for a very long time. So we believe in the LDL hypothesis and we believe the outcomes trials should continue to support that.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, I can’t overemphasize what George just said so I’ll repeat it, which is that – some people are trying to develop add-ons as two separate injections, which really means that you must have a robust efficacy and safety profile to justify the risks because injections in the eye although probably none have – there’s been no more injections than I can imagine has been with EYLEA around the world, but the injections in the eyes still carry a small but real risk each time physicians sticks a needle in the eye without putting anything in there. And so if you’re going to have a very small benefit, two needle sticks probably won’t be justified. And as George said, the cost – we can deliver these at the same costs, if necessary, in a single injection. So we have both the financial burden as well as the injection burden really under our control. So therefore we can be driven to go to the market with smaller benefits than you might have to hold yourself up to if you have to do multiple injections and add-on costs.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So just to clarify although as we discussed, the class currently has penetrated 90% of covered lives. Many of the payors have yet to implement their insurance coverage. So we expect to see that coverage continue to come on board over the next several months. Once that coverage comes on board, there is going to be some time for physicians to understand what the utilization management criteria are and how to really document the prior authorization to get these patients through the entire process to get a dispensed prescription. So I would say you’re going to see very gradual uptake for several months until we get to some kind of a steady state.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes. Similarly, I don’t think our views have changed that much. Mechanistically, the rationale we believe is a little stronger for the Ang2 and the PDGFR pathway. But either way, we would of course be excited if in the clinic either one of these combinations brought added benefit to patients especially because we think that with our ability to combine these agents into a single – formulation of single injection, if there is increased benefit we’ll be able to have the most convenient delivery regimen for the patient. So we’re only hoping for success with these combinations.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes, just to build on what Len is saying, really the only valid direct comparison would be in the first year, because that’s when the drugs were really tried side-by-side using very similar paradigms, dosing regimens and so forth. In the second year, things get hopelessly confabulated by the fact that the dosing regimens change, there’s a lot more PRN usage, there’s a lot more laser usage and so forth. So it’s going to be very hard to deconvolute I think the second year data.
George D. Yancopoulos: So, Geoff, obviously we have seen a lot of our growth this year coming in the DME segment of the marketplace. Unfortunately, there still are a large number of patients who have diabetes that don’t get yearly-dilated eye exams, don’t get into the retinal specialists. And so DME is currently still undertreated although VEGF inhibitors are being used more broadly for patients who are diagnosed with DME, the opportunity for us is to make patients aware that they’ve got to get their eye exam and get into a retinal specialist if they do have any problems with their vision. And that really is a major focus of our promotion this year.
George D. Yancopoulos: And just to add to that, there is a lot of patient and doctor education that needs to be done. It’s still true that unfortunately despite the data showing that anti-VEGF therapy can provide much better vision results than laser therapy, laser is still the preferred therapy in the DME population. There’s a lot of patient education and doctor education there. And as Len said, that’s just for the approved setting DME diabetic population. There’s at least three times as many patients who have diabetic retinopathy without DME. So if the current studies really show their results, there’s an opportunity there as well.
George D. Yancopoulos: All right. I guess we’re not talking about a base case, we’re telling you exactly what the study is actually trialed, is powered to pick up. So that’s the numbers that we’re giving. And certainly we’re looking at a variety of imaging studies and so forth. As Bob said, we certainly realize and recognize that a lot of the outcomes data and these imaging studies and so forth, they are going to speak to the class effects. And so we’re hoping that their results will be positive and we’re also going to be looking at what studies that we can be doing in addition to our outcome studies and in terms of imaging.
George D. Yancopoulos: I think Len said it very well but it was a little complicated even for me to understand. I think the point is, is that the important message here from these studies, I think it’s going to be more qualitative than quantitative. As the FDA always cautions, it’s impossible to compare between studies and that’s because there are so many inherent differences; in the type of the population just starting LDL, whether they had recent events or whether it’s more of a secondary prevention type of a setting and so forth and so on. So there’s so many differences between the populations. So I think one is looking more for qualitative messages here as opposed to just quantitative differentiators.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, as you know, pediatrics patients with atopic dermatitis are a very large population of people. And these children, many of them, suffer greatly. So we would love to see our drug program expanded to be able to treat the children. Of course, the normal way that this is done is that you wait until you have completed your Phase 3 studies in adults before moving more aggressively into children. But after I think looking at our program and an advisory panel on this subject, the FDA and the advisory panel I think pushed us and we agreed that we should be looking even before we had the final Phase 3 data, because the data we saw in Phase 2b was so strong. I remember it was designated a breakthrough therapy by the agency. So we have moved into pediatrics. We have a Phase 2 study that’s ongoing in patients between the ages of 6 and 17 and we expect to be able to get you data from that perhaps later this year. And we have a Phase 3 pediatric study planned as well. So we see the need, we see the children who suffer and don’t have good alternatives and we would very much like to expand to be able to treat them.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, I think data always speaks for us and to us and that’s how we make our decisions. So we I think have designed a very robust and comprehensive Phase 2 program for both of these combination approaches. And we’ll make the decisions based on the data. I think certain advantages that we would have is that if the efficacy advantage or the interval differentiation is sufficient, we’ll be able to conveniently and in a cost effective manner be providing both agents to the patients. So we’re not really limited by sort of saying, oh well, yes, there is an advantage, but it’s so modest, how do you justify a whole new biologic here? We’re in the unique position of being able to provide both agents in a very cost effective manner regardless of what the benefit if there is definitive, convincing additional benefits. But it’s all going to depend on the data.
