Michael S. Aberman: Thank you, operator. And good morning and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events and Presentations for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are: Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President of Regeneron Laboratories and Chief Scientific Officer; Bob Terifay, Executive Vice President, Commercial; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and businesses, sales and expense forecasts, financial forecasts, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in such statements. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Michael S. Aberman: And I'm going to remind people to try to keep themselves to one question. I'll let this one slide this time, Geoff.
Michael S. Aberman: This is Michael. I just want to make sure I added because, when talking about pain, you really have to keep in the context of really what is an epidemic in the United States in terms of drug opioid abuse and overdose, with quadrupling in the number of opioid deaths in the past number of years. As well as from the CDC website, nearly half a million people died from drug overdoses from 2000 to 2014. Almost 80 Americans die every day from an opioid overdose. So I just think we have to keep into context that having new pain medicines is really important.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Thank you, Michael. A very good morning to everyone who has joined us on the call and webcast today. The first quarter of 2016 was busy and we have a lot to share with you today. Our strategy remains, as always, to focus our unique capabilities in drug discovery and development on bringing important new medicines to patients in need. George will provide you with some of the recent exciting progress we have made in that regard. From a high-level perspective, we had positive data readouts from three Phase 3 programs: Praluent for lowering the LDL cholesterol in the apheresis setting, sarilumab in rheumatoid arthritis, and dupilumab in atopic dermatitis. We also reported positive data from a Phase 2/3 study in osteoarthritis for fasinumab, our NGF antibody for pain. And we continue to make good progress with our earlier-stage assets and discovery efforts. Turning to our marketed products, EYLEA has continued to deliver solid growth and we are able to increase our guidance for the year. Praluent's launch is still ongoing and has obviously faced a difficult reimbursement environment. While we fully understand payers' efforts to control costs, we do have serious concerns that appropriate patients are having undue difficulty getting approval for Praluent. We continue to be optimistic over the long term that Praluent will provide an important cholesterol-lowering option to many patients. Bob Terifay will provide more detail on EYLEA and Praluent. Following that, Bob Landry will provide more detail on financial results for the first quarter of 2016, as well as updated guidance. Finally, we are approaching the potential approval and launch of two new products, sarilumab, our IL-6 receptor antibody for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, is under review with the FDA; dupilumab is being developed for a number of indications and we are targeting completion of our rolling BLA submission from moderate to severe atopic dermatitis in the third quarter of 2016. With that, let me turn the call over to George.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, just to add on it, there are literally hundreds of Congressmen who have said that this should not be done. There are others who've said that the unintended consequences that we're concerned about must be managed. The retinal groups, the ophthalmology groups and that's not to mention all of the other interested parties, such as cancer and what have you. So I think many observers, of which we're not experts on, but many observers in Washington would suggest that this seems unlikely. But we're certainly going to do our best on this as well.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah. Well, maybe I'll make a brief comment and if George has anything to add, obviously he's welcome. Our feeling, as George said in his talk, is that we did something which we think was pretty important, which is we did an extensive and detailed screening of patients with X-rays and MRIs before they were ever exposed to drug. And that demonstrated that some of these things that people were concerned about might be somewhat induced by drug were really fairly prevalent in the population, whether they be insufficiency fractures or whether they be osteonecrosis or so on. So I think that that was important. And I do think that the FDA has come around to thinking that this has to be looked at carefully and that's what we're doing. And the right patients have to be studied and that's also what we're doing. They also have had concerns about whether or not any one of these drugs individually or as a class could have effect on sympathetic nerves and sympathetic nervous system function. We also looked at that pretty well and we'll have more to tell you about that in upcoming meetings. But we didn't see any evidence at all. So that so far things look reasonable, but, I think as George said, it's a small study and we're underpowered to pick up very small increases in some of these things and that's why we're going to study thousands and thousands of patients in our Phase 3 program.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Okay. Well, I think that the OUTCOMES data, as we saw with ezetimibe, it's not simply a matter of statistical significance. I think what people will be looking for is the robustness and the quality of the dataset, et cetera, et cetera. Certainly we powered the study based on expert input of where they thought that would be, if we saw the result, that would be a meaningful result for patients. But, of course, it's not just one number, it's not just a statistical significance. You want to see how the whole dataset looks like. And I think somebody said about ezetimibe, they have statistical significance, but, if you blinked, you could miss it. And we tried to design a study and set the parameters such that if we saw the result, we could feel confident about it that we were making a difference in these outcomes to patients.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, I think the physicians, George, are right there with you. And it would be hard for me to imagine that once the physicians are heard on this subject, that an off-label, inferior product based on a government study could set the standard.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So, Robyn, thanks for your comments about innovation. Obviously, George and I have tried to build a company for the last three decades that is truly driven by science innovation, so we appreciate you taking note of that. And Bob can comment without giving away all of our intricate strategy on what the opportunity for IL-6 might be.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Also, just to add, there's some historical accidents have occurred here in the order the drugs came along and having to do with pricing. And with methotrexate being the mainstay, it's a very cheap drug, it's effective. But it's not the most innocuous drug in the world from its side effects and what have you. And there are many people who, I'm told, particularly women, who don't like being on the product and that there really seems to be movement towards monotherapy. And, remember, methotrexate, some have argued that for some drugs, methotrexate provides the immunosuppression for the biologics so that any immune-related, if you will, blockade of effect doesn't appear as quickly. Suffice it to say, maybe George can comment on that more, but I can say that when we look head to head against the market leader, AbbVie, in the monotherapy setting, you've seen our data. We had a superior result.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I'll also say that there have been, let me call it, commercial gains that have been played out there in that in negotiations that have gone on with the PBMs where people have used certain multiple indications as a way to drive use in other indications from what we can tell. And I think the PBMs are sort of wising up to that and moving to indication-specific pricing and negotiations. And so we actually feel that we might be entering the market at a reasonably good time where, with a lot of dynamics going on and a good product, you can make inroads. Now, I don't think this is going to be an easy road. And I don't think you can just assume that we're going to jump in and grab huge market share right off the bat, but I think we can build this into a significant opportunity over time. It's more of going to be like a slow and steady.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yeah, I think it's hard to know for sure. And we only have another minute here, so I don't want to get into great detail. But one thing that is important is that there's new coverage that's come into play, particularly in the Medicare space, which was really only recently coming on. And those plans that chose, which was most of them, a single agent as the priority drug, we were I think selected about 90% of the time. So, I think that there's some new coverage, new utilization management. And obviously, we're working hard at this. But I don't think you can consider one week a trend, whether it's going one direction. It's just a data point. But right now the market seems to be split roughly more or less equally based on that data point. How that goes over time, obviously that's what the competitive marketplace is all about.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So, just one last comment. This is Len. In our effort to answer all your questions, what we're trying to do is give you some insight into our thinking, like why we went forward with something. We're not trying to make cross-trial comparisons, per se. We're trying to give you an idea of why we went forward and what we saw or how we felt we were differentiated. What we can say out in the marketplace obviously will be limited based on what we actually get in our various labels that are pending. And, with that, I would just say that we're pleased that the innovation machine continues to turn and produce lots of exciting things that we'll hope to update you in the scientific literature and in presentations that are upcoming. Lots of things George did not get a chance to talk about that are exciting. So we appreciate your interest and we hope to continue to be able to update you over time. Thank you very much.
Robert J. Terifay: In terms of the Part B, we fully understand that healthcare costs need to be appropriately controlled in this country. However, the approach that has been proposed by Medicare Part B would limit options for physicians and patients to give appropriate therapies to patients who need them. For example, in the case of the retinal space, you could lead to physicians being required simply by the economics that are in place to force them to use an off-label repackaged bevacizumab, which, at least in the Protocol T trial, was shown in DME not to be as effective as the other therapies. They could be forced to use this for economic reasons. We see that a number of manufacturers as well as a number of Congressmen and patient advocacy groups recognize that you have to preserve physician choice. And so there will be a number of complaints and letters going into Congress, including our own.
Robert J. Terifay: ...remember back to the VIEW 1 and VIEW 2 studies, we actually designed studies that compared ourselves to what was the standard of care branded agent, which was ranibizumab monthly. And we studied EYLEA both monthly as well as every eight weeks. And what we saw is very similar results with the EYLEA every eight-week dosing to the Lucentis every four-week dosing. This is a major advantage to elderly patients who can't get into the physician's office on a regular basis. And so they are not therapeutically equivalent; EYLEA has a longer durability of effect. I would also point out there are data in a subset of patients in the VIEW studies that indicates that there are patients who are more refractory to anti-VEGF therapy, especially those who've received prior anti-VEGF therapy who may need more anti-VEGF treatment. And what we're seeing in those patients, we're able to dry them up better with EYLEA than with Lucentis.
Robert J. Terifay: Robyn, as I pointed out earlier, I think that when Genentech launched ACTEMRA into the U.S. marketplace, it was very much a market dominated by growing TNF inhibitors. And they were a single company trying to educate on the role of IL-6 in rheumatoid arthritis and the potential benefits of using an IL-6 inhibitor earlier. It is always more beneficial, we've seen this, for example, in the statin class, where, as more and more statins became available, they grew the market. We believe that this is the opportunity for this class, that we educate physicians more, one, is as I said earlier, on the central role of IL-6 in both the signs and symptoms of RA, but as well as in joint destruction, which we feel is very important. Physicians need to understand, they shouldn't stay with a TNF inhibitor, which over time, each additional TNF inhibitor does not deliver the efficacy that they received with the first TNF inhibitor. So there's a benefit of moving to a new class. And IL-6 really does have a central role, both in symptoms as well as bone destruction.
Robert J. Terifay: And I also do, just to finish the story, sarilumab is not a me-too drug. I don't want to do cross-comparison trial data right now, but I think if you look at the prescribing information for subcutaneous ACTEMRA and you look at the results we reported with our product, we are very encouraged about the product profile that our product, which has higher binding affinity to IL-6, is going to offer in the marketplace. Maybe George wants to comment on that.
George D. Yancopoulos: Well, we are implementing a highly integrated and very comprehensive effort in immunotherapy. And this is obviously a very competitive area and I think that there's a lot of room for people to make inroads here, provide new approaches and new benefits to patients and really make a difference in certain disease settings and just think that we have a very robust and highly integrated and comprehensive effort here, and we intend to hopefully deliver important new approaches to patients.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yeah, and to add to that, I think that one of the biggest underlying fears for this class, certainly by outside people, but also by ourselves, was that the very small increase in certain arthropathy events, certain joint pathologies, that were seen particularly in combination with NSAIDs, but also a small increase even in monotherapy, might actually be reflecting a much bigger, somewhat invisible, problem that there was a bigger, destructive process that would then be seen over longer periods in time and so forth. And this is why we did this, as Len said, this extensive imaging of both the index joints but also non-index joints to see whether overall the skeleton was really changing. And as we've already said, the thing that was very gratifying was that, unfortunately for these patients suffering from this important problem, there is already significant skeletal pathology at baseline. These patients have these so-called subchondral insufficiency fractures and you can even see undiagnosed osteonecrosis in these patients and so forth. And these events, both in the index and the non-index joints, were not dramatically increased by treating with NGF. And one fear, for example, was that these asymptomatic subchondral insufficiency fractures may be happening much more frequently with drug and then eventually leading to much higher incidences of events down the line. And so it was very comforting not to see this. That said, there remains, as with any drug and certainly with a drug this active, there will continue to be risks associated with treatment. But one has to balance that with all the benefits that could be provided. Pain is a very serious problem for a lot of people, especially people suffering from osteoarthritis. And the options, obviously, as you know, are quite limiting with no new mechanism of action drugs added to this field for decades. And so the possibility and the opportunity of a new mechanism of action class that might have a different profile and also different risk profile as compared to, for example, opiates and NSAIDs and other drugs with serious risks, we're think can offer important options for patients.
George D. Yancopoulos: This is George, I also have to make a few comments here. And I think really Bob touched on an important point, that our drug showed compared to the, at the time, optimum standard of care that doubling the interval could produce at least as good results from the terms of visual acuity, but also even better results in terms of controlling vascular leak and retinal swelling and so forth. And I think that we all have to really consider that maybe – and I hate to say it, because some people are going to say, hey, you know, don't challenge the physicians here. But I think the physicians here, and we understand the limitations of the real world in practice, are doing a huge disservice to patients in terms of the systematic undertreatment that is probably occurring in this field. There is an enormous drive to try to get patient less trips to the office, less injections. And you've probably seen the release of recent data with long four-year and five-year follow-on. And after you take the patients over the more controlled phases of the study where they're getting, in general, in most studies, monthly treatment on a very carefully monitored treatment, they essentially lose almost all their vision gain over these later years of four-year and five-year follow-ups. And we believe that the data and the evidence suggest that this is really due to systematic under-treatment, patients getting less and less treatment. And particularly in that setting, if you want to deliver the best care to patients, you should be delivering the best agent that has the longest duration of action. And we think that the only agent that's really demonstrated that convincingly is EYLEA. And so I think to save patient's visions, you saw the long-term trials, patients are losing visions. Physicians are not doing the right things by their patients. They're systematically under-treating. And particularly in those settings, they should be getting the best drugs that protects patients against this vision loss.
George D. Yancopoulos: And it would be a disservice if, in fact, incentives and so forth are driven to the use of an inferior agent, which will cost patients. Think about it, you're a patient who can't drive. You're a patient who can't read. You're now given a drug, all of a sudden you gain two lines, three lines of vision. That changes the world literally for you, okay? You could do things you can't do before. And now we develop a system that allows you to lose that? I think that we have to think about how we want to practice medicine in this country if we create a situation that allows that.
George D. Yancopoulos: I think it's important to just highlight a few things, because, once again, it all comes down to the patients and doing the best by the patients. And I think, as Bob and Len already mentioned, if you look at the science, it doesn't necessarily make sense to start all patients, particularly patients in monotherapy settings, with a TNF. And that may be a historical accident. It also doesn't make sense to just continue patients cycling on TNF if there is an alternative that can deliver them better symptomatic relief. And so we think that there's enormous opportunity for this class. And importantly in this class, and as Bob said, one of the most important things that I think that patients and physicians are concerned about is irreversible bone loss. That's one thing that you can't get back and that's one thing that's looked at in this field. And as you know, ACTEMRA is now growing through a subcutaneous formulation. And if you look in the label, according to the subcutaneous formulation that's used there in terms of inhibition of the irreversible bone loss, there's less than 50% inhibition by the subcutaneous formulation in terms of ACTEMRA in terms of the irreversible bone loss. If you look at our study, we offer two doses, and if they both get approved, our higher subcutaneous dose gives greater than 90% inhibition of irreversible bone loss. So, as Bob said, these are not identical agents. This is not a me-too. There's important differences. And there's an important opportunity to do better by patients in terms of the monotherapy setting and in terms of not just cycling through drugs that maybe aren't working for the patients and putting them on a different mechanism of action drug.
George D. Yancopoulos: But I think our most important effort right now has to be on making sure that the right patients get access to drug. And that's really where both companies are focused. It's an important thing for the class. The patients who need drug have to get an opportunity to have access to it.
George D. Yancopoulos: Sure. Our contracts with the payers don't allow us to disclose the specific ones who've changed their utilization management criteria. But what I can say, as I did earlier, what they did is removed a trial period of 12-plus weeks of ZETIA after maximally tolerated statin therapy from their utilization management criteria. That was setting up a delay in access to PCSK9 inhibition. The physicians were having to put them on ZETIA and then wait. And it was causing a real backlog for the doctors. So, that has been removed by two of the payers. In terms of the improvement of the number of people going through the hub. I think what I could say is, one, as Len said, payers have come on board now. And, especially Medicare patients, now are getting access to therapy. I think the other thing is that the physicians as well as the specialty pharmacies are better understanding how to make the prescription process better. Now, it's not easy right now. We continue to work on improving it. But at least it has gotten better for some patients.
