Michael Aberman: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under the Events and Presentations page for 30 days. Joining me on the call today is Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer; George Yancopoulos, Chief Scientific Officer and President of Regeneron Research Labs; Murray Goldberg, Chief Financial Officer; and Robert Terifay, Senior Vice President, Commercial. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A.  I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call that are not historical in nature may be forward-looking statements about Regeneron and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events and our actual results may differ materially. Such remarks may include but are not limited to those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales forecast, financial forecast, development programs, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property and competition. All of which involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, which we filed this morning. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise unless required by law. GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP are available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website. Once our call concludes, the IR team will be available to answer further questions.  With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Leonard Schleifer.
Michael Aberman: Thank you, Murray. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'd now like to open the call to Q&A. I would like to give as many people a chance to ask questions as possible. [Operator Instructions] Our team will be available in our office after the call for follow-up questions. Thank you, and Kevin, if you could now please open the call for questions.
Michael Aberman: Okay. Well, thank you, operator and thank you, everyone for participating in today's call. As mentioned earlier, myself and some others from the Investor Relations team will be available for follow-up calls if you have any further questions.
Robert J. Terifay: So we're actually seeing a very good distribution of EYLEA use in all types of practices. The large volume practices, the academic practices, as well as a number of practices who don't broadly use Lucentis who have used and have switched from Avastin to EYLEA. So we're very encouraged about the use. As Len pointed out, what we're still waiting to see, and reimbursement is one of those hurdles, physicians are holding back a little bit on how much EYLEA they use, but we do have very good penetration in all segments.
Robert J. Terifay: The CRVO is a much smaller market than the wet AMD market. It's -- about 30,000 patients in the United States have central retinal vein occlusion. The length of treatment of patients with CRVO could be much shorter. Some patients stop treatment at 6 months, although recent studies have shown that there are patients who will continue to benefit from anti-VEGF therapy for over a year. So we see the CRVO opportunity as an opportunity to broaden the label, to have the product more firmly established on formularies. Clearly the product will offer benefit to those patients who need it in CRVO but the real market opportunity will continue to be wet AMD.
Robert J. Terifay: So we have actually -- we've seen physicians use the product in all market segments, Medicare without a supplement, Medicare with a supplement, and we have seen significant commercial payer uptake. There are additional delays in reimbursement, often that is paperwork that's not filled out appropriately, there's also an ongoing, which in the Medicare computer database, which delays payments. But we're seeing use across-the-board. In terms of co-pay, as Len pointed out, anyone that is on a government pay program, it is not -- the companies cannot provide direct co-pay assistance. We can refer those patients to foundations, independent foundations who can help them. The company does work nongovernmental patients in states where it's allowed have a co-pay assistance program and we have seen some use of that.
Robert J. Terifay: Well, first of all, as you pointed out, even if reimbursement was offered, we would not be able to or would not promote EYLEA for DME until we got FDA approval of the indication. The Medcak sort of left things with uncertainty. They went back and they're going to continue to examine the possibilities. There was no clear path decision. So right now, the individual carriers are making decisions as to what they reimburse or don't reimburse in DME. I have -- from what we've been hearing, this is probably going to be continued discussions and no firm conclusions for quite a while.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. We don't have patient level information on dosing. From surveys, what we hear is that the majority of docs use the 3 loading doses and then switch over to some less frequent regimen. Many will use the label, we hope, which is Q8 weeks but some continue to use on their own PRN or treat and extend. Obviously, the more difficult patients that start, who -- for example, some who might not have been able to even get by with monthly dosing of the anti-VEGF as some of these patients may stay on monthly dosing of our drug, which is of course also in our label. I think some of our highest utilization is in more rural areas where people have to travel far for their appointments and so the 2 -- the every 8 week dosing is appealing in those types of settings.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So maybe I'll ask George to comment on what's known from the data in terms of -- in some of the larger trials where a fraction of people still have fluid at the end of a treatment.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes, we don't -- we're not able to comment on week-to-week, month-to-month beyond the quarter trends. We have to leave up that -- you'll have to figure that one out on -- by yourself. Even if we have data available for you today, the reliability early in the launch of all of this is -- you see fluctuations and I don't want to comment on what we're actually seeing, other than to say that I think we've taken a pretty careful look and try to model this in a number of different ways. We try to take into account the switches, the dosing reductions, we've tried to take into account discontinuations, share of new patients, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And you can build very complicated models or we can -- or you try to make more simplified models. But however we do it, we think that our guidance of $500 million to $550 million is the best bet one can make with the data we have on hand.
Leonard S. Schleifer: I think that's probably a question that's better directed to Sanofi. I wouldn't presume to speak for them.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. So none of the discontinuations, as far as I recall, have anything to do with a safety concern or certainly our view of the data. They have a very deep and broad pipeline. They're going to make decisions on what they want to develop and what they don't want to develop, what it fits into what they're up to. Nobody gets all these decisions right. Obviously, I think Regeneron is in a strong enough position with its pipeline, with more than 10 different things ongoing and multiple things going in the clinic each year that we certainly don't have to continue anything that George and his team feel don't make the cut, either in terms of likelihood of technical success, safety concerns or market opportunity.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. The interesting thing is that the switch rate from our switch patients is not -- it's less, that's 40% of our switches on Avastin, 60% are Lucentis. But it's not drastically less and especially because of the fact that you would imagine that there are some people, but not as many as you might have thought, are on Avastin because of the financial inability to afford Lucentis or afford the co-pay, but there are many who are on it for other reasons, patient and doctor choices. And obviously, we view those as a potential source for us to grow our market share as doctors get familiar with the product and I think we are seeing that. We are definitely seeing people who we -- primarily Avastin users using switches and new patients with our product. But it's still early going and as I said, our overall penetration in the entire market is only in the approximately 10% range so we have lots of opportunity. But the Avastin market is clearly something. Since it's the majority of the market, it's clearly something we are focusing our attention on. Obviously, early on in the launch, as Bob told you on our last call, we focused on calling on the people who are were using branded therapy and were high users of Lucentis and as I've said, we've penetrated about 70% of those that were known to us. But still, now there's an opportunity to continue to push not only those, but obviously the Avastin.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Yes. We're not going to get into the -- I'm sorry, we're not going to get into the weekly or monthly or beginning of the quarter, end of the quarter shipments.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Sure. Well, if you do the math, about a quarter of our sales came from people who would switch from Avastin as a loss of the sales to Lucentis and it would reflect a growth of the market. Frankly, we really appreciate your surveys because we find them to be very consonant with our surveys so they serve as a nice check. But all of the work is still -- I just want to emphasize, your work, our work is still survey data and what doctors actually do, what they're going to do, what they did, that doesn’t necessarily come through entirely accurately in the surveys, so we caution everybody, just be careful with that and the most reliable information obviously is the sales number for the quarter that we've given you.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Okay. So survey -- that's survey data. As far as DME, that's going along very nicely. As I said, our first -- as I've said in the past, our first study is already enrolled, our U.S. study and our ex-U.S. study. I don't have the latest update, but if it's not completely enrolled, it's all but enrolled at this point.
Leonard S. Schleifer: So I'll turn it over to Bob to give a little bit of back ground on this Medcak meeting and what implications he thinks it could have for reimbursement.
Leonard S. Schleifer: Right. So I think it would be inappropriate at best to lay down our expectations of how our panel is going to act, that's really their business. I know that George and the team are working hard to prepare for this. And we think we have a strong package and we think our package is distinguished, both in its indication and the -- as well as the contents of our package compared to canakinumab, but I think that the Advisory Committee is coming up in a little over a week, so we'll get to see pretty soon.
Jim Birchenough: I wanted to drill down on the switch business and I'm just wondering if you have any metrics on what the switch opportunity is, if you think about the type of patients that are being switched, which the feedback we're getting is patients that have persistent fluid on monthly Lucentis and Avastin, and if you think about what's the proportion of the market that could be switched and when you think about what's already been switched. I'm trying to get a sense of what's in front of us in terms of new switch, if you could maybe give us some detail on that.
Jim Birchenough: Yes, I'm just trying to understand these buckets, new naïve, new switch, already switched and just get a sense of what's the new naïve patient pool, what's the new switch patient pool and what's the already switched patient pool, just so we can get a sense of what's in front of us in terms of growth opportunity.
Jim Birchenough: Just 2 quick ones, I guess. You mentioned 10% share of anti-VEGF therapy, what's your share of VEGF naïve patients? And then the second part was just, I was wondering if you can give us an update on timelines for the DME Phase III trials.
George D. Yancopoulos: So it seems from the large studies that even with monthly Lucentis use, up to 30% to 40% of the patients do not achieve complete anatomical control and correction. And the numbers actually from the CATT are even far higher for Avastin. So it seems as if there are a substantial proportion of the patients who might be able to benefit from a more potent anti-VEGF agent.
George D. Yancopoulos: Yes, I might tell you that it, yes, in most surveys and most prescription audits, will show that in any given month, about 25% of eyes are new to anti-VEGF therapy. So 75% are continuing on anti-VEGF therapy. It's important that when we think about the switch market, there was a pent-up demand. There were a number of people who were coming in even more frequently than monthly due to edema and those patients were switched to EYLEA very, very quickly. So that's one of the reasons we’re being cautious and not overestimating what the switch potential for the rest of the year is. We're encouraged by the switches we've seen, but there was a group of patients that were waiting for something new. We could tell you that of our switches, 60% of them came from Lucentis and importantly, 40% of them came from Avastin. We anticipate to continue to see switches. We just don't know at what rate.
George D. Yancopoulos: I don't have that information available, but I'm just guessing -- frankly, I'm guessing that is pretty low because it's -- people usually try it for several months before they make a continuation or discontinuation decision, that's just a guess.
