Manisha Narasimhan: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, and welcome to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. An archive of this webcast will be available on our website under Events for 30 days. Joining me on the call today are Dr. Leonard Schleifer, Founder, President and CEO; Dr. George Yancopoulos, Founding Scientist, President and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bob Landry, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for Q&A. I would also like to remind you that remarks made on this call today include forward-looking statements about Regeneron. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Regeneron and its products and business, sales and expense forecasts, financial forecasts, development programs, and related anticipated milestones, collaborations, finances, regulatory matters, intellectual property, pending litigation and competition. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which will be filed with the SEC later today. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, please note that GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be discussed on today's calls. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our financial results press release, which can be accessed on our website at www.regeneron.com. Once our call concludes, Bob Landry and the IR team will be available to answer further questions. With that, let me turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Len Schleifer.
Manisha Narasimhan: Operator, we have time for one last question. I know there are many people in the queue, who we're not going to be able to get to on the call, but please send me an e-mail and we'll follow up with you after the call.
Manisha Narasimhan: Operator, that concludes our call for today. And as I mentioned, we'll be available in our office for follow-up questions.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Sure. We're very excited obviously about our PD-1 program and that, as we noted, I think we surprised a lot of people by finding an important indication, which was very responsive to our antibody and where we're hoping to get a rapid approval. And as we've said, we think this setting is actually a pretty important one, perhaps on par with that of melanoma and with substantial growth opportunity. But as we also said, we think that not only is it an important indication in and of itself, but it serves as a foundation to have our PD-1 antibody serve as a foundation for combination approaches going forward. We have a series of additional combination opportunities, some of which we've already initiated, whether it'd be with things like a variety of vaccines, in many cases that we're partnering with, or with additional checkpoint inhibitors that we've developed internally. But perhaps we're most excited about our bispecifics. As we've noted, our first bispecific is finally getting to dosing levels that are showing pretty substantial efficacy in our early trials. And we think if our bispecifics start approaching, which we think they're beginning to, the sort of type of responses that people are reporting with CAR Ts, they could really represent a very, very important opportunity. And the thing that's also exciting about it is, our strategy includes both combining our bispecifics with our PD-1 as well as our bispecifics with each other. We have a number of bispecifics that at least, in our preclinical model, look like they can be additive, if not synergistic in their responses. And because these are all coming from our laboratories and we have the abilities to study them preclinically as well as the ability to expedite studying them clinically, we think this offers an enormous opportunity for us to really try these combinations and look for advances that they can actually provide together. So, for us, it's a very exciting opportunity. We think we already have our foothold, as we said, and we hope in the near future to be establishing, not only our first bispecific but a series of additional bispecifics as we said where we will be putting at least two in the clinic this year and a whole series of them shortly thereafter. So we think it's an exciting time, and it's a lot of opportunity.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Okay. And, Geoff, this is George. Just regarding to your question about the bispecifics, I think that a couple of very important things that we learned, and I think these are some of the reasons why this is such an attractive class and in particular may offer some advantages over some of these cellular therapy approaches, where a lot of the major concern is controlling the cytokine release storm and other adverse events in which the cells might be attacking the host. Most importantly, we've learned that we can actually gradually up the dose in time in an individual patient. So we can start with a lower dose, gradually remove the target, and so we don't get an immediate blast of cytokine release storm. And then we continue to dose up. And we've now gotten up what we reported recently at ASH, our doses between 5 milligrams to 8 milligrams in terms of efficacy, where we reported these efficacy numbers of about 50% response rates and we also reported there that we had gotten to 12 milligram as a dose and we reported the safety profile there, but now we've even gone further beyond that dose. These are still relatively low doses compared to standard biologics, but we've certainly seen that it seems like it really dramatically ups the efficacy range when you get to these levels. But I think a huge advantage here is understanding that you can gradually increase the dose and this way you really ameliorate the onset of these adverse events and you can keep them under control and then get up to the higher doses. And then, of course, another major advantage is, if need be, you can back off the dose if you actually have to. But as a class now, I think that we understand the doses that we have to get to for efficacy, but also how to gradually get to those doses in an individual patient so that they can be well-tolerated.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Right. As you said, the story with NGF we think is one where there's an enormous opportunity balanced by a significant risk. I think a lot of people are aware of the risk about this issue of potentially accelerating arthritis in some patients and the question is the degree of tolerance of this acceleration. And remind you, one of the theories for this acceleration may simply be that when you cause pain relief, people over-use their joints but still the mechanism is not that well understood. In terms of the benefit/risk profile and understanding what could be tolerated, we can't answer that exactly, but we think that what we're using as a sort of barometer is that these patients are already late stage patients, who are in many cases candidates for total joint replacements. So I think that that's a good way to sort of gate the adverse events and how they're impacting. If overall, you're not causing an increase in the total number of joints that are adversely affected to the point where you need to get a total joint replacement and, if anything, if maybe you're preventing such events, while in some patients you're causing this acceleration, I think that would be considered a favorable benefit/risk profile if overall in the vast population you're relieving pain. So if you're relieving pain in the large percentage of the population and you're not contributing or, if anything, you're preventing total joint replacements, I think that would be viewed as a profound positive.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Sure. So just to cover ODYSSEY, I don't think that it's worth, Ying, speculating too much on what this result or what that result might be since we don't know the results, but we'll know the results by the March 10 ACC event. So I think we'll all look at the events together basically and we'll be able to judge then. About EYLEA.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Yes. I just want to build on that just a little bit. We have been working very hard for a very, very long time, more than 20 years now, to build on the benefit that EYLEA provides. And obviously, it's been hard because the bar has been set so high with EYLEA, and I think Len referred to the data. Just imagine that. I mean, with brolucizumab, they gave 12 times the molar dose of EYLEA, and they could not demonstrate any advantages vis-à-vis their primary endpoint visual acuity. In fact, as Len mentioned, they were numerically inferior in both studies. And they couldn't also extend substantially on the interval meaning that almost half their patients failed their quarterly interval. So that allows them to maybe allow to have about 50% of the people or so on quarterly dosing, which is just like EYLEA. So EYLEA has such a high bar, and the only way that so far people are trying to address it is by giving much, much higher molar doses and these molar doses are not really achieving demonstrable, at least in terms of visual acuity or in terms of interval, any advantages. And I think it just shows the bar has been set very high, and I think the flip side is the safety concern. And when you have something that you have such a long track record with safety, and with also long-term demonstration of ability to maintain the visual gains. That's something else that Len referred to. There's no other agents which have been shown in long-term studies to actually maintain the initial vision gains. That's a very, very high bar, and when Len refers to treating relatives or parents, I think that right now EYLEA would certainly for me be the drug of choice based on the safety and efficacy profile to be treating anybody that I care about.
George Damis Yancopoulos: Well, we should just add that just to remind you, you said we were early in our program with the pediatric atopic dermatitis. One of our Phase 3 studies is fully enrolled and for the 12 to 17 age group, we hope to submit a supplemental BLA by the end of this year. So we're hoping that that opportunity is, in terms of benefiting the younger patients, is going to be pretty forthcoming.
