Bob Hau: Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. Let me discuss earnings which start on Slide 9. Adjusted operating income was $532 million, up 20% versus the prior year. GAAP operating income was $510 million and included $21 million of restructuring charges, 35% of which was in the Networks segment, and $1 million of acquisition-related charges in the quarter. We continue to anticipate full-year restructuring charges of approximately $50 million for the full year. Adjusted operating margin was 15.5%, up 190 basis points from F2Q last year. The improvement versus the prior year is driven by the 6% organic sales growth, productivity from TEOA, cost savings from restructuring actions taken the last couple of years, and favorable metals costs. Adjusted EPS was $0.95 and GAAP EPS was $0.87 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.03 of restructuring and other charges and $0.05 of charges related to the legacy shared tax liabilities. These tax charges are consistent with our overall expectations of settlement of these pre-separation tax issues. Turning to Slide 10, our gross margin in the quarter was 34.2%. This is a 200 basis point increase versus the prior year due to volume increases, increased productivity from our TEOA Lean programs, and a cost savings from restructuring and metals.  Total OPEX spending was $641 million in the quarter, which was up 5% versus the prior year. The increase resulted primarily from increased investments in sales and marketing and increased variable compensation costs, partially offset by cost savings attributed to restructuring actions. On the right side of this slide, net interest expense was $26 million in the quarter and I expect $26 million to $27 million of expense in both F3Q and F4Q going forward. Adjusted other income, which primarily relates to our tax sharing agreement, was $2 million. In F3Q I expect other income of about $8 million. The adjusted effective tax rate was 21.7% which was lower than expected. This is partially offset by the lower other income and gave us a net benefit of about $0.02 to earnings per share. Overall the adjusted tax rate for the first half of the year was 23.8% and I expect the adjusted tax rate to be in the 24.0% range through the remainder of the fiscal year. Turning to Slide 11 I’ll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $453 million and our free cash flow in F2Q was $273 million. Net capital spending during the quarter was $159 million or 4.6% of sales and I continue to expect the capital spending rate to be approximately 4.0% to 5.0% of sales for the full year. Receivable days outstanding were 63 days and inventory days on hand were 73 days, each up two days versus the prior year. Inventory levels were slightly elevated as we expect increased revenues in a number of our businesses in the second half. Now let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow, shown on the right side of this slide. We began and ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of cash. During the quarter we returned a total of $281 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $102 million and repurchased about 3.1 million shares for $179 million. As Tom mentioned earlier we expect the SEACON acquisition of $490 million to close in the current fiscal year. Outstanding debt remained at $3 billion at the end of the quarter.  Now I’ll turn it back to Tom.
Bob Hau: And Shawn, the AAE contract that just came into force, we’ll start that later this quarter and that’ll take us through 2016 to complete that program.
Bob Hau: Overall Shawn, we took obviously a significant amount of restructuring last year across the company and spent a little over $300 million. That’s tailing off dramatically, this year about $50 million. Last year if I recall Networks was about 40% of that spend across the organization. As I indicated in my opening comments we took some restructuring charges of about $21 million in the most recently completed quarter, F2Q. About 75% of that was related to Networks. So as Tom pointed out heavy restructuring is behind us. We expect kind of a net benefit of $115 million of run rate savings in 2015 from those restructuring actions. We’re getting about $70 million to $80 million this year, so an incremental $40 million next year.
Bob Hau: Yeah, Jim, it’s Bob. On SEACON you are correct – we do not have an impact from the acquisition in our outlook. We expect that deal to close still later this year and it will close late enough in the year that it will have zero to negligible impact on the overall results for F2014. Obviously we expect it to close this fiscal year and so there’ll be an impact in F2015. In terms of margin profile and our plans for restructuring sort of thing, I’ll turn it back to Terrence to address that one.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 12 and I’ll cover our outlook. Based on the trends I discussed earlier we expect F3Q revenue of $3.54 billion to $3.64 billion, up 3% to 6%. The project delays in Sub Comm are negatively impacting our growth rates by approximately 1%. We expect adjusted EPS of $0.96 to $1.00 which is an increase of 9% to 14% over the prior year. In F3Q we expect continued strong results from both the Transportation and Industrial segment. The Consumer segment is expected to be up slightly, and Networks excluding Sub Comm is expected to be about flat versus the prior year. Please turn to Slide 13. For the full year we expect revenue of $13.8 billion to $14.1 billion, up 4% to 6% versus the prior year. We expect adjusted EPS of $3.72 to $3.84, an increase of 15% to 19%. Relative to prior guidance the story is Transportation is stronger and Sub Comm is weaker. We expect to have another very strong year of cash flow and we’re using that cash in a manner that is consistent with the plan we have discussed over the last several years, namely investing to grow the business organically with investments in manufacturing capability and capacity in emerging markets as well as increased investments in R&D and sales and marketing, strategic acquisitions like the SEACON Group that accelerate growth in attractive markets and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase.  Just to close I’m encouraged by the positive signs in most of our markets we serve and feel very good about our overall execution. I really believe we’re well positioned for future growth and expect to deliver strong performance for the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond. So now let’s open it up for questions. 
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Mark. As you know we’re not really going to talk about F2015 until the end of the year but in the Sub Comm business, there’s really three components of the business. The biggest part is building the communications systems and that’s the piece that’s really down right now because of the project push-outs. The smaller pieces are maintenance and our oil & gas business which is fairly steady. And this AAE1 award which we were awarded many months ago but it took a while to come into force is good news but it’s happening a lot later than we thought, which means that we’re underutilizing our assets right now. As that comes into force late this quarter, early next quarter, we believe that’ll start to ramp. There’s several other projects that we’ve been awarded that are close to coming into force but they’ve also been taking longer. So I think once we get two to three projects to complement sort of the ongoing business, then we’ll start to ride up the upswing of the cycle.
Tom Lynch: Sure, thanks Wamsi. In Data Comm we did that last year and we’re coming to the end of the compare, but we were in for a long time the magnetics business – basically coils that are used to help set frequencies in these products, really a commodity product that had a number of competitors. So it just didn’t fit the kind of highly engineered criteria that we have for our business. You take that out, the business is down single digits. Some of that is market; some of that is clearly we’re kind of a mid-tier player in the current 15 GB speeds, but that’s pretty much behind us, the exit of product lines in that business.Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay great, thanks. And in the Networks business clearly Sub Comm has a large negative impact on margins, but can you give us some sense how the ex-Sub Comm margins trended in the segment in the current quarter and how much restructuring benefits flowed into this quarter? Thanks.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, I’d say just generally commenting on the comments, the Telecom, Enterprise and Wireless piece, which we would think of together as our broadband business, which is about a $2 billion annual business, margins trended up in the quarter and they’re trending up in the year. And that business as I said was down 4% last year; it’s up 4% this year and that’s two thirds of the segment. In Data Comm margins are still down. That’s really two components: our core connector business is improving and we’re making a sizable investment in high-speed copper and fiber because that’s where the world is going. And we want to lead there, and early wins position us well but that’s not going to become serious revenue for a few years. And the Sub Comm margins are way down because the volume’s way down.Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks a lot.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, I mean that’s what the industry’s projecting right now and it’s corroborated by what our customers are guiding us on to produce relative to local production. But remember we have consistently grown in Europe as well as some of the higher-end vehicle makers there because so much of their product is exported.  I think what’s really positive about this is there’s absolutely overall growth in Europe locally, so that says that the economy’s, you know, it’s not robust by any stretch but it’s improving and that’s broadening the base of car sales over there; whereas we’ve really benefitted up until the last two quarters by the export market which is a high content market. This is putting a broader base on it.
Tom Lynch: Mike, it’s really a carrier-by-carrier thing around the world. So that particular carrier you’re talking about, well we do well with all the carriers in the US and we’re benefitting from that. A little more pricing pressure than normal, which with the fiber volume up… This is the second year in a row where the fiber portion in the Networks, our revenue is up double digits.  And one interesting thing that’s happening in that market is the copper piece is finally getting to a small enough piece where the decline in copper isn’t directly offsetting fiber, and that’s why we’re starting to see the growth because carriers are investing in the fiber portion of the business. And that 4% I talked about, that 4% to 5% that we expect to grow this year, that’s closer to high-single digits in fiber. So we are definitely seeing it. There’s a lot of positive trends I would say – new players announcing they’re going to build fiber networks, net neutrality kind of wearing down in the US, of course just the tremendous requirement for more bandwidth. So the trends look better right now, feel better, are better I would say – those underlying trends – than they have been for a long time as drivers for our part of the business, so we’re optimistic but we need to see it turn into a higher revenue growth rate for sure.
Tom Lynch: Well those two are consumer devices, so that’s about $700 million of revenue where we’re not a lead player there and we don’t have the best sockets. But that’s such a, it’s a core business to us. I mean we do everything there we do every place else, so it’s the same capital, same material, etc. And I’ll say Data Comm but in Data Comm we have tremendous momentum around the next generation of high speed, with the product and the product’s in the market, the product’s been selected by a variety of customers.  Now the transition from the current speeds that are out there in datacenters and in the wireless network higher speed takes time, but what I’m really excited about there is the decisions we made over four or five years to develop high speed, they have some proof points now. I’d say both of those businesses are core connector businesses, right? They are part of the h$10.5 billion of what you’d refer to as the Connector business, and that business end-to-end… Some businesses are stronger than others but overall it’s an incredibly strong business.Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Perfect, thanks a lot.
Tom Lynch: Hi Matt, this is Tom. I would say price erosion is up a little bit so it’s hard, you can’t completely look at those two disconnected. The business doesn’t work with kind of across the board increases or decreases; it tends to be negotiation by negotiation. But net of the two it’s a net benefit I’d say because the price erosion increase is less than the benefit we’re getting. If you were to just simply say they take out all the metal tailwinds benefit, how are we doing? We’re still slightly above 15%.Matt Sheerin – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Tom Lynch: The one that came into force is the biggest one we had in the backlog, about $0.5 billion and the others are less than that – they’re more in the $150 million to $200 million range and coming into force soon. We’ve been awarded and we work closely with the customers, so if they come into force in the next couple of months that will shore up next year and that’ll be better than next year.
Tom Lynch: I’d answer it this way. If the growth that we expect, seeing signs in Sub Comm, seeing nice signs in broadband and believe that we’re, with the discontinued products and the new products that are coming we should be back into growth in Data Comm. With the restructuring that we’ve done in the last year which is pretty significant, we’ll start to see the benefit with revenues in the segment growing 5% to 6%.  If for some reason we’re wrong on that growth rate, again, and it’s a smaller business there is the propensity that we won’t need as much infrastructure. But I don’t believe that, but as we’ve done in the past you’ll see we’ll adjust accordingly. We could march it back up to near that mid-15%. It depends on how fast the growth comes back.
Tom Lynch: Let me take each of those real quick individually. Energy I would say we’ve always looked at and been interested in M&A in that business. Really it’s been slow; it really follows the economy and we expect its growth to resume. It’s been especially slow in Europe but it’s a good business, it’s a good cash generation business, a business that’s right around the company average margin and that margin has been improving. Whenever we grow 3% to 4% we see a nice margin lift, so I’d consider that a nice solid business that’s steady contribution. Consumer, I don’t see M&A in Consumer. I think that’s really we have to win more sockets as we would say and more strategic sockets. I think we’ve really upgraded some areas where we were very weak in that business which was operationally. We have what I consider a crackerjack operational team there now and we just have to persevere with the designs and get some design wins there, and that’s revenue related. You’re absolutely right – we need to grow more revenue there. And the third one was Networks in general, telecom, wireless. I don’t see anything significant in M&A there because in our push to the network, I mean we made the move to take leadership in fiber when we acquired ADC. And while the revenue hasn’t materialized like we thought, the insurance policy, the cost side, we’ve taken a ton of costs out. So we feel that business, we’re well positioned in our portion of the network.  We really do have the best fiber, the best connectivity product line across the world. We see it in the high win rate we have – that’s a volume play. That’s a very nice gross margin business that’s higher than the company average gross margins so that’s a leverage play and we’re starting to see signs of this 4% growth range this year. So they’re all kind of in a little bit different perspective but that’s at a high level way to think about it.
Tom Lynch: It’s mixed. I mean when we look at our business we know we need to be able to support multiple different network architectures, and they range from kind of HFC, the cable side going deeper, you know, the normal cable networks going deeper with more fiber – we’re benefitting from that. Some carriers really believe in fiber deep and fiber to the home. I’d say they’re benefitting from that. DSL is really not sufficient anymore but it takes time to change it, and that’s what you’re hearing from one of the carriers, that they’re going to get very aggressive in response to another new carrier/search company. Around the world it’s different. There’s parts of Europe where they’re aggressively building fiber to the home, and there’s other parts that are waiting for G.fast which is the super-fast VDSL, but that requires more fiber. There’s Australia/New Zealand building fiber to the home and even with the changing government, while that’s slowed down a bit it’s probably going to be more selective with fiber to the home but fiber deep. But if you’re going to deliver, if content providers – like they’re negotiating now for dedicated bandwidth for the carriers, you’re going to have to push fiber deeper into the network to get that because LTE does have some limitations. So I think it’s kind of timing of investments but we are starting to see a little more positive signs, and we’re optimistic that maybe this cycle on our end of the network – which I’d call the bandwidth-rich portion of the network – is starting to come back. But we need to see that consistently before I’m comfortable that it’s actually here.
Tom Lynch: And Jim, on the Consumer side I would say we’re performing better in the newer parts of the market but it’s not enough to move the needle yet. So let me elaborate a bit on that. The PC and feature phone business part of Consumer is still bigger than the tablet and smartphone business, and the PC and feature phone business which is where we still have a little better position in a market that’s shrinking – but that’s going to cross over sometime in the next year. But we’re growing almost at the market in tablets and smartphones but it’s just not enough to move the meter. So we have won some significant awards but it’s still not big enough yet to grow the business. So I’d say we’re better in terms of our talent, our engineering, the products we’re bringing out but it’s going to still take us a while to move the performance up.
Tom Lynch: Well, there’s multiple factors. The interesting thing, on one hand it’s a finite number of projects but on the other hand each project could be affected by different things. So pre financial crisis till now, one of the things in a project that has to happen for a project to get funded, if it’s a consortium or a group of entrepreneurs as we would call it, the bandwidth has to be presold. It used to be you could presell 60%, 70% and get the project funded. Now you have to sell 100% to 120%. It’s taking longer for that. I think in general what you see, the carriers who were really drivers four or five years ago are less so today. It’s a function of where they’re putting their investment so that’s the [landscape]. So it’s been a variety of things. Where some of these big jobs are coming from – this last one, its two destination points are Hong Kong I think and France, and 30 branches in between, which the good news is it’s a big job. The challenging news is that’s an awful lot of approvals and permitting, so even if you have your money together you’ve got to make sure you have all that. So that takes a while. So I’d say there’s a lot of things. When we kick the tires on modeling the bandwidth and making sure something hasn’t happened I think we conclude that you’ve got to build, the next build cycle is coming. Just to put it in perspective, the last cycle from trough to trough was twelve years. If you look at the trough of the last cycle to where we are right now, 2014, it was actually a twelve-year cycle; and trough to peak can typically be seven to eight years.  And in that twelve years you typically have three or four what I’d call tough years and three or four good years and three or four great years, and over the cycle it’s a good business that really is a nice contributor to the company, well above cost of capital. We believe that this 2014 is that next real trough, and it’s higher than the last trough because there’s just more building and we have this oil & gas adjacency that we didn’t have early in the last cycle. So it’s been a little tough to forecast for us for sure. I think the last point I’d make about putting it in perspective, if you look at last year the business contributed $0.06 to $0.07 a share, roughly 2% of our total earnings per share. This year it’s going to be a negative 1% earnings per share because of F3Q. So I think it’s down. The volatility is still high but the impact is low, and if things start to ramp up again we should see steady contributions.  If the AAE1 deal had not signed I’d be a lot more nervous. That’s a big deal. That’ll get us going and then what we’ve also seen in the up-cycles, it’s not a perfect predictor but when a big job like this goes it tends to mobilize the other ones because there is a limited amount of [shipped] capacity. So this was, getting this job… We’ve got to go through the valley in F3Q in this business but getting this job is a big, big step up; and then we’ve got to get a couple other, two of these to come into force and we work hard to help our customers do that.William Stein – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : That’s helpful, thanks Tom.
Tom Lynch: Thank you. Yeah, let me go through that. So clearly Auto and Industrial Transportation continue to grow, there’s robust growth there. We really haven’t seen that change much. As I mentioned we’ll see that the second half growth year-over-year in those markets will be less than the first half growth – some of that’s seasonal, some of that is it’s just been hotter than normal in the first half. Industrial equipment is growing with 8% quarter growth, that’s another third or fourth.  So that’s a sign and you see it in a lot of the industrials reporting that capital spending is starting to break loose. We see that, that seems to be a pretty steady sign right now. I’m not seeing any warning signs that that would change. Commercial aerospace, a lot of new planes being built, the whole fleet being rebuilt and that’s another area where we gain share and our content is up significantly, so we see that. And then the appliance business. So new home sales in the US and appliance picking up in Asia, particularly China which is a good sign because that’s consumer spending in China. And by the way, I talked about our China business being up 34% in Automotive. It was up 20% plus overall with four of five of our markets up double digits. So it’s fairly broad based. What’s not growing? I’d say the Data Comm market is not really growing right now and you can see that in other folks who provide that equipment – it’s certainly not growing for us. Consumer is growing but I talked about the trends, that we’re not fully participating in the trends. And of course the one that’s challenging right now is Sub Comm but that’s just timing in our view and we have a good position there. So if I compare it to last quarter, if I compare it to this time last year it definitely feels more robust, broader based. If you look at the number of countries that we ship to around the world there’s more where we have higher sales growth this quarter than we did last quarter and last year – all good signs. I’d say nobody’s celebrating. We’re still very mindful that the last five years have been unpredictable if anything so we keep running the business accordingly.
Tom Lynch: You’re welcome. Okay, well thank you everybody. I appreciate you listening. Again, I think this was a real good quarter for us with progress on a number of fronts. I look forward to talking to you soon.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Tom. Hello everyone. When you look at SEACON, I think a couple of things maybe to paint a picture of where we play today in the underwater space from an interconnect perspective and what SEACON brings to us. First off, when you look at our position today we’re exposed to about a $400 million market which is very focused on high-performance cable as well as connections around the power element. SEACON very nicely has about $115 million of revenue. It is extremely profitable; about 30% plus EBITDA, and when you look at it it really opens up our market from $400 million to over $1 billion as Tom said. So what they bring is really along the optical and fiber side, connections that happen underwater – they’re very wet-matable. And when we look at this market overall we’ve been able to basically grow our small position from $70 million to over $150 million today.  What it really does is give us a rounded out portfolio in some of the harshest environments, and we believe with the combined portfolio, with the trends we see in underwater and oil & gas, we’ll be able to continue to grow the combined well north of double-digit growth going forward. So we’re happy with the acquisition and what it brings. To Tom’s point it is very much around growth and really making sure we capitalize on this market that is a very fast-growing market, and one of the fastest in the industrial space from a segment perspective.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Bob and Jim, it’s Terrence. In relation to your question, yes, SEACON as Tom covered on the slide is about $115 million in revenue and has above 30% EBITDA. So from your viewpoint yes, it will be above company average margins of both the segment and the company in that regard. When we look at what they do, this is not a cost play. So when you look at restructuring there is no big restructuring or plant consolidations in relation to this acquisition. It’s really around growth but certainly I’m sure there’ll be some acquisition costs that Bob and Keith will call out to you just due to typical acquisition things but not restructuring.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure. When you look at SEACON, and to your question, Steve, in relationship to channel and distribution – when you look at this market it is a much more direct market. So where we’re going to sell into and where we sell into today with our current portfolio as well as where SEACON sells into, you’re selling into the manufacturers of the drilling systems, certainly the ROV systems, all the instruments and lights as well as the equipment that goes on the ocean floor. So when you look at it, it’s a much more direct relationship than channel serve. I think what’s very nice about both our go-to-market position as well as SEACON’s, they have bases in Norway, UK, US, Mexico as well as they also have a nice field service support around the world that supports their product too with people working in the oil & gas industry. So it is a much more direct model than what we saw in Deutsche where we were able to leverage our channel scale. So it’s much more direct than a channel play.
