Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 3, and we will cover the highlights from today's call. Q3 was another quarter of solid execution in what continues to remain a challenging global economic environment. Our adjusted EPS of $1.08 represents a new company record, and was up 20% on a year-over-year basis. Sales of $3.12 billion were essentially flat last year and in line with our guidance midpoint. Sales and orders were up sequentially, with sales up 6% and orders up 7%, excluding SubCom. Adjusted operating margins were strong at 16%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 21% in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect the midpoint of our revenue and earnings per share to be $3.35 billion and a $1.20, respectively. Note that these figures include the benefit of approximately $200 million in revenue and $0.10 in EPS from the extra week in Q4 that we've been communicating all year. If we exclude the extra week, we would expect revenue to be up about 3% organically year-over-year and adjusted EPS growth to be 22% year-over-year. Also, if you exclude the extra week, we expect our Transportation business to have its best growth quarter in Q4 and our Industrial segment to grow slightly for the first time this year. For the full year, we are reiterating our adjusted EPS midpoint of $4.00, representing an 11% increase over the prior year. Continued growth in most of our harsh businesses, cost controls, share buyback and a lower tax rate are more than offsetting the first half currency headwinds and supply chain correction. This has enabled us to reiterate our original guidance that we provided in October 2015, delivering double digit earnings growth in a slower economy. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to return to year-over-year organic growth in Q4, excluding the extra week. During the quarter, we continued to strengthen our harsh portfolio through acquisition. In April, we announced the acquisition of Jaquet, which bolstered our portfolio of sensors for the auto market. This morning, we announced an agreement to acquire the Intercontec Group, a German-based manufacturer of high quality industrial metric circular connectors. This acquisition strengthens TE's position in harsh connectivity applications for factory automation, and will be reported in the Industrial segment. In addition, I'm pleased to say our recent acquisition of Creganna is performing very well and ahead of expectations and positions TE as a leader in the high growth minimally invasive medical market. We had a very strong cash generation quarter, with free cash flow of almost $600 million, which brings our year-to-date free cash flow to just about $1 billion. During the quarter, we returned approximately $230 million to shareholders, including about $100 million in share buybacks. Year-to-date, we have returned nearly $2.9 billion to shareholders, including $2.5 billion in share buybacks. We expect to continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy, returning approximately two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders over time, with one-third free cash flow being used for acquisition. I'll turn it over to Terrence Curtin, who will cover our performance in more detail.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Mario. I'll now cover our guidance, so please turn to Slide 10 for the Q4 outlook. We expect Q4 revenue of $3.25 billion to $3.45 billion and adjusted EPS of $1.17 to $1.23. This guidance includes the extra week we have discussed throughout the year, which adds approximately $200 million of revenue and $0.10 of EPS. Excluding this extra week, we expect revenue to be up about 3% organically at the midpoint and adjusted EPS to be up 22%, a very good finish to our year. Slide 10 provides details on actual and organic growth by segment. The extra week results in total growth of 11% in the quarter. We expect strong performance in our harsh businesses, including Automotive, Commercial Transportation, Commercial Aerospace, Medical and Appliances. In addition, the Creganna acquisition adds revenue from the high growth interventional medical market, and SubCom continues to remain robust with multiple programs in force. Communications continues to be impacted year-on-year by the sale of the Circuit Protection business and product exits in Data & Devices. Now, please turn to Slide 11. For the full year, we expect revenue of $12.25 billion and are reiterating our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $4.00 at the midpoint, up 11% year-on-year. This adjusted EPS outlook is the same guidance we provided back in October. I feel very good about our ability to drive this performance in a slow economy. In Transportation, we continue to expect Auto to grow in the mid-single digits organically on a 2% to 2.5% vehicle production growth. In Industrial, while organic growth is expected to be down year-over-year for the full year due to the impact of the oil and gas downturn and supply chain corrections in the first half, we do expect strong growth from the first half to the second half across all of our business units in the Industrial segment. In Communications, our SubCom business continues to be the primary driver of growth, but we do expect both our Appliances and Data & Devices businesses to grow in the second half. This is especially important for our Data & Devices segment. This past quarter was an important threshold for TE and reflects the strength of our model, namely: focus our investments in harsh environment applications; relentlessly drive TEOA through the organization to delivers strong productivity and, as you can see, strong working capital and cash flow results; and consistently execute our capital allocation plan. On a normalized 13-week per quarter basis in a low growth world, we are delivering second half revenue growth, 16% adjusted operating margins, strong double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth and outstanding cash flow. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd add, Craig, that the customer feedback of us being the acquirer has been very positive. Customers knew us peripherally from other things we do, but important to them that somebody with our strength and commitment to the market is there. So, that's been pretty unanimous as we've been out to all the big customers.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Wamsi. Yeah. Just to kind of reiterate the regional view of Transportation: China improving in Q3, and expect to see that continue in Q4; Europe, sort of been on a steady track for a couple years now, steady, reasonable growth; and the U.S. falling a bit, but at a high level, I mean, so you get near this 18 million per unit level, I do think it slowed down a little bit as you see what the OEMs are saying. So, we have factored that in to our outlook for sure in Q4. We haven't really factored in any Brexit. Of course, we are so close to the auto OEMs and talk with them all the time and right now, I mean, even if you look at our first three weeks, order rates in Transportation in July, they're very, very robust. So, not crazy hot, but up over last year, as we expected, nicely and continuing to where they've been in the, as Terrence laid out in his comments earlier, a strong third quarter. And just to reiterate, I think the industry and what we see, listening to our customers, and it's still early, and we'll get more specific next quarter, but kind of feels like a 2% production rate if we had to put the gauntlet down right now for next year globally.
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, I think number one, Amit, we have been doing cost take-out as we've been in a slow environment to really get to where we've been, to keep it flat even with the higher margin oil and gas impact we've had. I do think what's nice about the Industrial business, and you saw it sequentially, is how strong the follow-through can be in that business across the segment. So, when you sit there it is much around volume as we continue to march up because a lot of the cost actions have already been effectuated, so it will be much more volume dependent as we go from there.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Will. Yeah. Well, I think what we certainly saw as the stimulus helped reverse the decline that was happening early in the year. So, we returned to growth in – nice solid growth in Q3 and we'll see that again in Q4 in Auto. And all the numbers from the industry are, of course, very preliminary for next year, but they're assuming a reasonable China market next year, not a booming market, not a bearish market. That's kind of how we see it and what our leadership over there sees. So, I don't think – we don't expect an unusually positive catalyst from it because it's really already into the base is the way I would think about it.
Thomas J. Lynch: No. Okay. Well, it's hard to say. But, again, if you think of this year being 2% to 2.5%, next year being in the 2% range, other markets were kind of weak. Some of the Asian markets were inconsistent. It really depends. Is China is going to come off? I mean, if you look at macro China, where the weakness has been is in industrial China, not consumer China. The consumer markets in China and the consumer in China continues to be pretty healthy. And the growth in the China economy is in the consumer market, which is a good thing in general because that's what fuels economic growth and then eventually feeds the industrial part of the economy. So, I think we don't have a crystal ball, for sure, Will. But right now, what we're seeing is – we would expect reasonable growth in China, definitely down from what it's run over – take our fiscal 2016 out of it because growth in fiscal 2016 is pretty modest. I think we kind of see another modest growth in fiscal 2017. It's below the historical growth rates. And that's how you get to this 1.5%, 2% production growth in 2017. But I think this will play out. But generally, we're not hearing or seeing anything from our customers and from our patterns that would say differently right now. It was better in the third quarter than we thought; probably a little better in the third quarter and a little less in fourth quarter. We saw the curve being a little bit different in the second half, but, overall, it's about where we expect.
Thomas J. Lynch: Will, thanks for the question. A couple of things, on Commercial Aerospace, feel very good with the program wins and even if you have some of the wide-body adjustment, we do view that our Commercial Aerospace business would grow that mid-single digit with the platforms we have won; not only with the big carriers, also the regional carriers like Embraer and Bombardier (52:46), and so forth. And so, I actually feel very good even with those data points you mentioned about. I think in Defense, it's been nice that as we've seen some of the budgetary things happen, we're starting to see some pick-up in Defense. I think you saw that in our quarterly results where we grew 4%. And I think that's creating a little bit more of a constructive backdrop in Defense than we've had in quite some time when the whole sequester started. So, it's actually nice to see it burning (53:14) into revenue on the Defense side. And I think the momentum we have there is strong as well. So, those are areas that I view you're going to continue to see growth out of (53:20).
Thomas J. Lynch: I think, Matt, automotive, as you know, the cycle is a little bit longer, not as long as it used to be because everybody's designing faster these days, but I would say 2018. That's when these nice wins are going to really start to come in. And you'll see it in the Auto revenue line. In the Industrial line, I think it will follow kind of industrial production. The design win nature there is very different. It's like the industrial market in general, much more fragmented, smaller revenue per design. So, in there, it'll continue to build scale in the non-auto products and make sure that they we're growing with or slightly better than the market. But auto is where you can get significant chunks of business per design. So, we really feel good about that. Now, we're a little disappointed in the industrial market side of it. But still very, very excited about the prospects of having sensors in the portfolio and what it does for us at every customer, every big OEM, we've always had a nice seat at the table, but it's like you get a bigger seat and sometimes a bigger table because it brings in the integrated solution opportunity. You've heard us talk about that. We've had some tremendous design wins in Automotive with that. And it's starting to lend itself, I think, to the aerospace market. Terrence has talked before about the medical market when you pull together our interventional capability along with our core connector healing and protect, (55:45) and, wow, miniaturized sensors. So, it's a pretty robust portfolio that we have that should bolster our growth rates in Industrial.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. Well into it, as you would expect, and I expect in the not too distant future, we'll be making a choice. Always not over till it's over, but pleased with how things are running in the interim, very pleased, so haven't really skipped a beat.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sherri, thanks. No, I feel really, really good about the portfolio. As you know, it had quite a bit in it at one point in time and now we're up to the, say, 90% is connectivity and sensors. We often get asked about SubCom. It's an unusual business, for sure. There really isn't that much of a market. There's no market really that we've seen in 10 years to sell it, but it's an exceptionally well-run business that's a clear world leader in what it does. And it's especially interesting these days, because the customer base is different. And with cloud computing and mega data centers and fiber security and all those things driving what we think fit the needs for more trans-continental connectivity, SubCom can hold its own in our portfolio. But when you get past that, everything else is related. So, more of what you'd see is tweaking the product lines, which you always have in a business as you try, hey, (1:00:56) here's a product line that maybe is commoditized, that we don't have any unique value. Let's price ourselves out of it or maybe sell it. But for the most part, the most recent one being Circuit Protection, was kind of the big chunks that are available. Never say never, but really like the portfolio, I think you can see it in the margins. The harsh businesses, if you look at those business, above company average margins, nicely, very dependable, highly engineered, really play to our strength as an engineering and manufacturing company. And, as Terrence pointed out, with the acquisitions we just made, we just added $0.5 billion of harsh revenue into the portfolio over the last 90 days and at EBITDA margins well above the company average. And this is what we know best and do best, so it's what we're going to continue to emphasize.
Mario Calastri: Thanks, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income of $501 million was essentially flat to prior year on flat sales, with adjusted operating margin of 16.1%. GAAP operating income was $452 million and included $18 million of acquisition-related charges and net restructuring and other charges of $31 million. Adjusted EPS was $1.08 for the quarter, up 20% from the prior year, with benefits from share buybacks and a lower tax rate of 17%. The tax rate was lower than we expected, resulting in an incremental benefit of $0.04 in the quarter. We expect the fourth quarter tax rate to be at a similar level as Q3. Note that the Q3 and Q4 tax rates are lower than our run rate. We now expect the full-year 2016 tax rate to be approximately 20%. GAAP EPS was $2.19 for the quarter, driven by a $1.21 benefit, primarily from the settlement of all pre-separation tax disputes with Internal Revenue Service. As we previously disclosed, Tyco International entered into an agreement with the IRS to resolve all disputes related to the previously-disclosed intercompany tax issues. As a result, we recognized a reduction of tax reserves of $1.1 billion, as well as an expense of $604 million, representing a reduction in receivables from our tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and Covidien. We're happy to report that all of our IRS legacy tax disputes are now closed. As a result of the IRS settlement, want to give you some color on our tax rate and other income going forward. The IRS settlement benefits our tax rate. However, this benefit is essentially offset by the reduction of other income generated by the tax sharing agreement with Tyco and Covidien. We now assume that the long-term adjusted tax rate declines to approximately 20%, just as our previously-communicated range of 23% to 24%. At the same time going forward, should assume that the IRS settlement will be essentially neutral to EPS. Now, expect approximately $110 million of restructuring charges for the full year, $10 million increase from the prior guidance as we accelerate certain actions due to slightly weaker overall economic conditions. Now, turning to Slide 9, our business is executing well in an uncertain micro environment. We are pleased to report sequential improvements in a lot of the operating metrics from the prior quarter. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33%, in line with our expectations. Adjusted operating margins expanded 20 basis points year-over-year, with a strong focus on spending control and (17:10) improvement of certain declines in higher-margin businesses. Total operating expenses were $528 million in the quarter, down 4% from the prior year. We continue to tightly manage discretionary spending, while balancing our continuing investment in our harsh businesses. Moving to cash flow, in the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $715 million. And our free cash flow was $589 million, up from prior year levels, due to strong working capital improvement. We saw year-over-year improvement in DSOs and inventory days on hand came down as well. We have generated nearly $1 billion in free cash flow for the year to-date, reinforcing the health of our business. And we continue to expect full year free cash flow to approximate net income. Adjusted EBITDA margins help explain the (18:12) performance of our businesses, including acquisitions. And adjusted EBITDA margins in Q3 were 20.7%, 460 basis points above adjusted operating margins and flat to prior year. Continue to be pleased with operating performance of our business, especially given the challenging market backdrops. As Tom mentioned earlier, we announced an agreement to acquire Intercontec, expanding our harsh connectivity portfolio in the Industrial segment. We are expecting Intercontec to add approximately $75 million of sales and $32 million of EBITDA on an annual basis. The transaction is a cash deal of $340 million that is expected to close in September 2016 and be accretive to adjusted EPS next year. We have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the Appendix for additional details. And now, I will turn it back to Tom.
Mario Calastri: Yes, Shawn. Hi, this is Mario. We have increased slightly the restructuring for this year up to $110 million. The way you should read it is normally the payback is around 18 months, two years. So, you should think about the benefits in 2017 to see on that basis. And as far as pipeline of restructuring activity into 2017, we're going to be much more clear in next quarter with the guidance, but you should expect some level of obligation for (38:26) 2017 as well.
Mario Calastri: Yeah. Just begin with (46:20) a comment around our long-term tax rate view is now around 20%, down from where we communicated previously, which we were around 23% to 24%. Currently, the settlement, the IRS settlement, is the biggest moving piece here. As you think about that, you need to combine it with the SG, (46:46) the other income going away. So that is why we characterize it as a kind of an EPS neutral movement. Now, for 2016 in the second half, we are experiencing a lower than run rate tax rate. So, in Q3, we had the 17% tax rate. We expect Q4 to be similar
Mario Calastri: This is Mario. Not really, I mean, we have a hedging program that basically dilutes the volatility around the battles (59:12). Consistently, we are about 50% hedged. And we have higher hedges on the near term, so you're not going to see much of an impact on copper. (59:22)
Mario Calastri: Sure. Long-term, it's consistent with what we have communicated always. We expect to basically return two-thirds of our free cash flow through buybacks and dividends. So, you can do the math clearly, but the long-term expectation there should be some volatility around the quarters. As far as Q4 specifically, you should expect it to be similar to Q3.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Craig, is we're pretty proud of where we've gotten the margin. And, no, it's not where we want it to be in long-term, but when you think about the oil and gas effect we've had, it's slightly more than 100 basis that we, in a market that is flattish at best, being able to get back and cover that headwind we have. So, clearly that is something that when you look at the margin, has impacted us and that has come down. I think also we still have an industrial equipment space that I talked about in the fall, that still, I would say, was probably the other sluggish area that's trying to get momentum. I do think as the volume comes in, you saw the great improvement we have of about 100 basis points sequentially, you see the volume flow through. So, I do think we're doing a good job balancing it. We saw good growth in relationship to Comm air and Defense. 4%, I think we're performing very well there. So, overall, I think we continue to have the same margin expectation we've had, which is higher teen, but clearly, I think we battled through the oil and gas downturn pretty well from a margin perspective.
Terrence R. Curtin: I think there's a couple of things to that. When you talk about the go-to-market in medical, it is probably more akin to what we do in automotive. It's a much more direct sale, Craig. So, when you sit there, what's great with Creganna, Creganna not only helped balance out some holes we had geographically, but also with the 200 engineers, they came in to help service that model as well as the footprint that keeps them (26:31) behind. So, I think when you think through that space, it is much more direct. Now, when you're deal with more integration, it really is how do we bring the portfolio we had and what they did so well together? And we're early stages on that. But I think that's where you'll get some of the value creation on the grow side is how we'll be able to do further integration and get to a higher content per unit opportunity than either company's had, together. So, I think it's much more around bringing the product set together. The go-to-market is how do you make sure you cover the large players in that space. And with what we've had and with Creganna, we cover all the major players and have a nice position with them to get to that leading position.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. No, the only other thing is, I think, when you look at the fourth quarter, fourth quarter, we had some blips earlier in the year around how production was, like Tom said, in China. I think when you look at production, production's been pretty stable and we're at that 2%, 2.5% production rate. And I think that's really just proving our model that we can grow that mid-single digit in a 2% to 2.5% production rate. And while we're not guiding for next year yet, I do think thinking about next year and about a 2% production environment is how we're thinking about it right now, and we'll update you in the fall when we give 2017 guidance.
Terrence R. Curtin: Oh, the whole thing. It's a little bit of the volume in the first half and the mix. But now you can see you get back to this 13-week quarter, $3.1 billion run rate, the margins are back 33%, gross margins. The operating margins are back to 16%. So, no. I mean, our productivity has been good this year. The health of the portfolio, I mean, you look at the dramatic improvement in the gross margin over the last several years and the operating margins because of the transformation of the portfolio. So, no, I'd say we're getting back to sort of where we expect to be. And, of course, we expect to continue to improve as long as markets have some growth in them.
Terrence R. Curtin: Okay, Wamsi, I'll take that. It's Terrence. I think when you think about the seasonality, last year, we had some inventory corrections that started fourth quarter of the fiscal year, well into the first quarter. I think when we look at those corrections being behind us, I think you can expect taking our quarter four, backing out the extra week and then assuming anywhere from a 3% to 5% normal seasonal step-down. So, I do think you get into on a top-line perspective much more of normal seasonal quarter four to quarter one. As you're thinking about it, but you highlighted it well, you do have to pull the extra week out of our fourth quarter.
Terrence R. Curtin: No. I think what you see is you will see a little bit of a seasonal step-down like we normally get around Europe, so I actually think we're getting back to a more normal pattern, Amit, and feel very good with the backlog, as you said, Tom, that the backlog's there to deliver on that 7%, 8% growth (35:20).
Terrence R. Curtin: I think with that, Amit, is when you disaggregate a bit: you've got Commercial air and Defense above; you've got Energy a little bit below; Medical moving up with the acquisitions because that's accretive to the margin; and then, you have the Industrial Equipment business that's really been the factory floor has been a flat market for a couple years, but it's fundamentally a really tight business and the business we just added in, which is a nice add to the product line and into the revenue as well, is accretive to the margin. So, we feel pretty confident that with reasonable industrial production, we'll follow that, and also embedded in there is significant piece of the business that goes through the channel, which is attractive business.
Terrence R. Curtin: No, Tom, I think you said it right. I think it is some of these things, when something gets auctioned like a Creganna, we don't control that top box (40:20). And then Intercontec, it was a journey with the owner about also when's he comfortable selling and making sure he sees how his company's going to do well. (40:32) I think that takes time. So, I do think it's a little bit of three things at once. So, it's just that, Shawn. I think when you look at the environment, I think the environment – you said it very well. I think things are still – you have to pay for good assets. And I think we have three good assets here. And that's along our harsh strategy. I think the harsh strategy, we've talked about interventional a lot over the past six months, but I think when you also look here, Jaquet and the sensors, how it strengthens us in automotive, especially in turbo sensor applications. And I think when you look at Intercontec, what's great about Intercontec, is it gets us closer to the factory floor. They're a leader in that space that really relates to the how do you hook up servo motors on the factory floor, which is a very harsh application, and you make sure your power and your signal into the application is controlled now (41:25) to make sure you never have downtime. And the company has an exceptional product line and technology that we're bringing in that was a gap for TE. So, I think each one of these show how our thought about the portfolio continues to evolve around harshness as well as how do we serve our customers better with a more complete portfolio. So, I think that's what really the three of these being together at the same time. You get to see how we're thinking. So, hopefully, that helps.
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure, Steve. It's Terrence. Thanks for the questions. First off, on Appliance, what we've seen in Appliance, Appliance has been – they got impacted a little bit around the inventory correction with our channel partners, because they do have part of their business goes through there but if you really look at what we've been experiencing, we've been experiencing a very robust U.S. and Europe production environment. So, I think we're seeing nice growth there that's been the backdrop. What we have had in Appliance is that the China OEMs have slowed in China. So, the appliance production in China has come off a little bit. So, while we were growing 2%, it's really been driven by the U.S. and Europe. We see it again here in the quarter we just guided to, and going into next year, we probably expect a similar picture. On Creganna, certainly, we didn't own it a year ago, but in this first quarter, if we did own it, it would have grown about 11%. So, when we look at that interventional market, as we've talked to you, we see a market that we like it very much because of the trend that supports about mid to higher single digit market environment in that interventional space, that $3 billion market, that Creganna helps us get a leadership position in, but really a good first quarter that, on a pro forma, we owned them a year ago, would have been up about 11%.
Terrence R. Curtin: The margins are similar and we're seeing margins gradually move up. So, it's following the same general pattern. None of the patterns are exactly the same, but, yes, we are seeing margins now are higher than they were on a one year run rate than they were a year ago. So, we are seeing that happen.
Terrence R. Curtin: Just to add one thing, when we look to the 2% next year, we'll guide more next quarter. It does assume a slower China production environment versus this year's China production environment. So, we do anticipate it'll be a little slower environment in China from a production perspective due to the 1.6-liter engine that you talked about.
Terrence R. Curtin: But we still expect the China production environment to grow next year based upon what we're seeing today.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. I think on the exits, Mario talked about it earlier to a question. Certainly, they've been a drag for the past two years. We see those probably through mid-2017 still being a little drag. But when you look at it, it's really allowed the business to get focused, as Tom said, around the interconnect and connectivity strength that we have, as well as we're much more selective in the consumer space. So, a lot of those exits have related to the consumer space, and making sure we're still consuming (58:45) our resources where we create value for our customers, as well as our shareholders.
