Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials. Adjusted operating income was $664 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 16%. GAAP operating income was $537 million and included $62 million of restructuring charges, $57 million of other non-cash charges related to divestiture activities and $8 million of acquisition related charges. Year-to-date, we have taken $166 million of restructuring charges and would expect full year restructuring charges to now be approximately $250 million as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was a $1.65 and GAAP EPS was a $1.34 for the quarter and included restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.31. The adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 20% in Q2. For the third quarter and for the full year, we now expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 20%. Importantly, as always, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year. And let’s turn to Slide 9. Sales of nearly $4.2 billion were up 4% reported and up 8% on an organic basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $155 million and adjusted EPS by $0.15 versus the prior year. We expect FX to have a modest negative impact for both sales and EPS again in our third quarter on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating margins were 16% in the second quarter, price and perspectives, we saw about 200 basis points of headwind to our adjusted operating margins year-over-year as a result of lower volumes in our Communications segment combined with the impacts from currency exchange rates. As we go forward, we remain confident about margin expansion in the second half and it’s important to note that we are not dependent on higher volumes to drive margin expansion. We have successfully implemented pricing actions to offset inflationary impacts in our Transportation segment and this will drive margin expansion at the company level as we move through the second half of our fiscal year. We also expect that industrial margins will modestly expand in the second half from Q2 levels. Communications should remain in the mid-teens at the expected volume levels that Terrence mentioned. It’s a good story here. In the quarter, we once again demonstrated our cash generation model of our business with cash from operations of $634 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was approximately $445 million. Through the first half of our fiscal year, free cash flow was $845 million, up 37% year-over-year was roughly $785 million [indiscernible] shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. As you may recall a few quarters ago, I indicated that we would look to drive our inventory levels lower as we see performance improving in our supply chain. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, we reduced inventory again this past quarter, which contributed to our free cash flow performance. We continue to remain disciplined in our use of capital and our long-term strategy remains consistent, which is to return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use one-third for acquisitions over time. I want to stress that our capital structure remains very strong as evidenced by our robust credit profile, ample available liquidity and ease of access to the capital markets. We are maintaining a consistent financial policy and a strong balance sheet [Technical Difficulty] parts of our business model. Excuse me. Before I turn over to questions, let me provide a quick recap. The strategic positioning of our portfolio is enabling us to deliver strong results from secular growth trends despite cyclicality in certain end markets. From a market perspective, the Transportation and Industrial segments are consistent with our 90 days ago with ongoing cyclical weakness in our Communications segment as we expected. Our focus in the second half is to continue to generate strong free cash flow and expand our adjusted operating margins, driving to a higher margin rate as we enter fiscal 2024. We continue to demonstrate our strong cash generation model with a strong balance sheet that can support investments for growth. And we remain excited about the opportunities ahead of us to drive long-term growth, margin expansion and value creation for all of our stakeholders. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Heath Mitts: Hey Wamsi, this is Heath. I’ll take this one. Listen, I think the single biggest impact we look at the TE margins on a year-over-year basis is the pretty significant decline in the Communications segment. But you have to remember, if you go back a year ago, we kind of framed up the Communications segment margins as a bit overheated and it kind of showed how much volume leverage you could get at those types of volumes you were getting. And we have a business that goes from roughly a quarterly run rate of between $600 million and $650 million down to $450 million to $500 million, that deleveraging is steep. And you get brought back to reality pretty quickly. So we expected this, we were certainly didn’t expand our cost structure or anything when our revenue was higher, knowing that it would cycle down at some point. Net-net and then if you add in the impact of FX, those together are over 200 basis points of impact year-over-year to the company margins. And quite honestly, if you go back and look at our third quarter, which is our June quarter that we’re guiding to now, and you look at that from last year, we’re going to have similar kind of impact. And that impacts both, whether you want to say the year-over-year margins, that’s going to have that same impact. So that’s implied in our guidance as you can see. But if you take a broader picture and say, where does it look like going forward from here, right? We’re kind of running in this $4 billion range of revenue, plus or minus, I’m not guiding that’ll be beyond the quarter that we just gave, but let’s just assume we’re kind of in that range. So Transportation is kind of this $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion quarterly in our back half of our fiscal year, industrial running between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, right? And then you get into the communications business, which as Terrence said is going to be closer to $450 million quarterly run rate for the next few quarters. I think when you look at that and you say, okay, what’s that going to do for margins. Within transportation, the price that we’ve discussed so far in this call, and Terrence just walked through in a prior question that the price that we were – have been successful in implementing that was a long time coming and was negotiated contract by contract with OEM by OEM is largely in effect. And we’ll get the full benefit of that as we work our way through the second half of the year. And it gives us confidence in our margins in addition to all the outside growth versus market that we get from content. So we feeling more confident around the transportation margins as we look forward. Industrial side is a bit more challenged, right? We’ve got a business in here that the industrial equipment business, which is feeling the pressure on the order front and certainly as it translates into the revenue side of things. And that is our highest margin business within the segment. And you saw that as we move forward fiscal Q1 and our fiscal Q2 that, while industrial equipment grew albeit modestly at 3%, the rest of the segment far outgrew it. And if you look at how that impacted the mix within the industrial equipment – or I’m sorry, within the industrial segment, it did have an impact. And we’ll have an impact as we work our way through the rest of the year. Now the good news is as we’re seeing revenue increase for commercial transportation within aerospace and defense, Terrence also mentioned medical and then obviously our energy business, which we’ve highlighted on this call. Those, albeit, they have structurally lower margins than the industrial equipment business, volumes do help. And our commercial transportation – I’m sorry, our commercial air business is not back to pre-pandemic levels yet. And so we are still catching up on the margin front. So there’s some things trending in right directions. There’s also some things cycling down with our industrial equipment business that is putting pressure on those margins. But we do expect from a modeling perspective, Wamsi, if you wanted to assume a modest improvement as we move from our Q2 levels through the rest of the year within the segment. And then Communications is pretty straightforward. Listen, it’s roughly $450 million quarterly level, mid-teens is a good [Technical Difficulty] So I think we’ve discussed that already. So hopefully that answers your question. Happy to take anything else.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks, Steven. Yes. We did, as you recall, when we went out early part of the year back in our initial view into 2023, we said the restructuring would be somewhere around $150 million, which was flat from prior year. And then in the last call 90 days ago, I said we were reevaluating that and we did and in the discussions with our business and obviously with our Board, we’ve increased that by about $100 million to $250 million. Now you are right. There is chunks, it is just in Transportation, there is some incremental things we’re doing to adjust some cost structure, as you can imagine in this more accelerated downturn in both the Communications and in the Industrial equipment business that is driving some of that in addition to accelerating some of the rooftop consolidations and other parts of TE that had been planned that we want to go ahead and pull in and get done sooner that we’ve determined we have the capacity to handle. So that’s part of it. Now, a bigger chunk of this has been the trend over the past couple of years has been a little bit more in Europe based. And the payback, when you start getting into Europe based restructuring activity is a little bit longer than what you would think of in other parts of the world and it just has to do with the demographics that you’re dealing with and country constructs and statutory requirements. So if you’re looking at it, I would say nor and historically we’ve said that the payback on our restructuring has been just inside of two years. That’s been traditionally kind of how it’s blended together. It’s a little bit longer for that, especially for this incremental piece. It’s probably stretching out to 2.5 maybe not quite three years on the payback of this, but it does give us structural benefits in terms of fixed cost reductions and that’s what we’re really aiming for to lower the fixed cost side of the thing and give us more nimbleness to flex the business.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Luke. Listen, I mean, the thing we’re coming off of is a pretty significant, what we’re worried about in terms of our worry beads as a mix of that of obviously less of the industrial equipment business, which it can run anywhere from 500, 800 basis points more profitable than the combination of the other businesses in that segment if you combine those all up. Now, the challenge then is obviously we’ve enjoyed a nice part of the cycle and the margins that that has helped drive for the segment overall is to minimize that impact on the way down and some of the restructuring undertaking that I just mentioned is going to help with that. The other side is getting more volume leverage out of the pieces as you mentioned that were growing through. And there’s a lot of moving parts in that that I won’t want to air in terms of how we’ve layered in acquisitions and the impact from those acquisitions is also some of the rooftop consolidations and things that don’t get captured restructuring, but drive near-term margin pressures. But I do feel confident, as I think about our aerospace defense business to continue, we’ve seen it, although we don’t share those margins at the business unit level externally. We have seen that business begin to improve as commercial air has come off of a pretty steep decline and is starting to work its way back, but still not back to pre-pandemic levels. Our medical business is not nearly as profitable, but as we’ve seen the volume get back to pre-pandemic levels we’ve started to see volume leverage there. And then the other piece is our energy business, which is more of a steady state margin business. So there is some challenge that we have as we look at it on the near-term as I look at it and look at where the growth is coming from and how that mix impact goes. I could see it if I was to frame it up the industrial equipment business could run another let’s say 50 to 100 basis points higher as we work our way through into the second half. But the ultimate goal here and if the team was here to show it, I mean the ultimate goal was still high margins within this segment. And we know that we do a lot of acquisitions in this segment. Sometimes they’re small for TE, but they’re more meaningful for the segment. That resets it down some, but the goal is still to get the operating footprint in the right place where it needs to be as well as getting the overall cost structure where it needs to be. So I feel good about where we’ll get to on this mix impact in the near-term is a bit of a pinch point for us.
Terrence Curtin: No, thank thanks for the question. And what I’m probably going to say first is, please be careful looking at content in any quarter or short period of time, because you do get into supply chain elements as you get in there. I do think to your comment around price, I do think 300 basis points you’re going to – is going to be the benefit as we continue and as price rolls in. And that will continue to take for the year, drive us above the four to six range that we normally talk about. Price will be a part of that, when we look at this year. I think the other thing, and I know it’ll be a little bit probably redundant what I just said. We continue to expect that electric vehicle’s going to be 25% of global production. So I do think you’re going to continue to see that set up be very good. And I think overall content per vehicle and how it trends over time is the most important factor to look at. So we talked about this a lot on these calls a few years ago back in 2018, we were in the low-60s, we’re in the low-80s today, that just proves it’s due to electric vehicle content and as well as supply chains continue to improve and our service levels go up. You’re going to have some of these into quarter impacts at times, but net-net feel very good about where we’re positioned on content growth.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure. Let me do the last one first, all year, we’ve sort of said, we’re going to be around 20 million units on of auto production to 80 million in total. And it’s just going to be a flat environment and that hasn’t changed from the beginning of the year. So that’s pretty much how we think about it. And I know there’s some differences of heavy vehicles that are in the IHS number that we put in our commercial transportation, but we’ve viewed flat. On your [Technical Difficulty] about supply chain inflation and price, I want to give a little bit before I get into supply chain is service levels of how we’re servicing our customers. Because I do think whether it is supply chain, whether it is the orders that I talked about earlier is they’re all interrelated. And it’s why when we talk about some markets being stronger stable, it does come into how we’re servicing our customers. And what I would tell you at the overall TE level, our service levels are back to 2019 at the overall TE level. Some people are higher, some people were servicing better as supply chain has improved. There are markets like commercial air and medical, which were late in the recovery. I would tell you our service levels still need to improve. And the main reason the service levels need to improve is we’re still seeing supply chain impacts. But at the big picture, what I would tell you is the availability across the global supply chain has improved. Our customers are feeling it from us. And I think that’s a key element that also explained why we see some stabilization and backlog and I think our orders going up sequentially is a positive factor. Now from an inflationary impact, what I could tell you is places like freight and logistics, we have seen deflationary impacts. I would tell you elsewhere, it’s sort of just moving sideways. I wouldn’t say it’s getting worse. I wouldn’t say it’s getting better. And it’s why when we feel with the things that we’ve done on pricing, especially in transportation where we’re lagging, we do think we’re really in a mode of recovering the inflation that we’ve incurred over the past two years. And that’s why we feel good about the margin impact and we do expect that the pricing will stink.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Let me take both of those. So first off, when you think about content per vehicle, I think what you have to start with, especially, with China is anytime you move from an electric vehicle to from a combustion engine, that’s a content growth element for us, because we’re on both multinationals and locals. So I do think the bigger thing is to be thinking about not comparing content between, it’s really about it drives content growth, because we have a good position on them. And depending upon classic car, you’re always going to have, whether it’s a combustion or electric vehicle’s going to come into the features of what’s in the vehicle. So I think the real thing is as I think China’s over 20% of new car sold or electric vehicles, all that is good for us. And it’s really a key driver to our growth and we’ve always said Asia overall is the growth driver of electric vehicles. So the 25% of the 80 million units that we’ve always, that we say we think it’s going to be at this year, 70% of those units are going to be in Asia and certainly China, China is the largest. So it’s only positive for us. One industrial equipment, I think the element that you come into and let me add a little bit of color to your question is, industrial equipment’s a very broad space. There’s factory automation, there’s building automation things that go into construction, there’s process automation, there’s a number of different buckets and what I would tell you, in areas around factory automation that supports consumer electronics, that – there will be some element of where that will downdraft areas around building automation. Also, we’ve seen weakening there where you get into the commercial construction side. So I don’t expect it’ll be what we see in our Communications segment, but you will see it come down a little bit as some of those markets moderate. There’s also the element of our service levels have improved across that market as well, even though it’s up and we are seeing some of our OEM customers pull out some buffer stock. So we do think there can be some moderation, right now you can probably think about it, the growth and the other three businesses can offset some of that moderation. But we got to continue to watch it and make sure it stays contained in some of the submarkets in the industrial space.
Terrence Curtin: No, super, Scott. So yes, Scott, we talked about it and we talked about some of the design wins because it’s really just the next extension of what you get into high speed. So one of the things that’s nice is where we position ourselves in cloud that will be a multi-year cycle is you get into those higher speeds and also the importance of like I said the low latency you need. So those design wins we’re getting today will start in 2024 and I think it could be very similar to the cloud cycle that we saw over the past three years to four years. So I think as we work through the whole communications and the telecom and the cloud inventory work off, once that settles, I think you’re going to continue to see content growth that will be both from reinvigorated cloud investment plus the AI element that will really drive our D&D business as you get into 2024, 2025 and beyond.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So when you look at it, one of the things we saw is that a lot of our over performance in this past quarter was really out of Europe. And Europe was an area that coming into this year and I don’t think we were a typical of anybody else between what was going on from a utility perspective and energy cost as well as the war. And I would tell you in our Transportation business and our OEM customers, they’ve been building more aggressively than we would’ve thought when we came into it. China’s a little bit slower, which sort of gets you to the flattish and really not changing our view, but what’s really nice is, we were able to service them when they wanted it here. And on the back half, the back half isn’t that much different. When you go first half, second half, and when you think about we’re going to be down sequentially a little in Transportation that’s really just due to the choppiness I talked about in China.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. So couple of things Matt, just to frame everything, when you really look at where we play in the distribution channel, certainly in our Communication segment, a big chunk goes through to our channel partners and you’re exactly right, a big chunk goes through in our industrial business and our aerospace business. Now what I would tell you is in our aerospace business, as that continues to ramp, orders continue to grow, backlog builds and certainly we need to continue to increase our output to service the backlog and get service levels where they were before the pandemic. So what you see is you sort of see trends in the distribution channel that do mirror what we talk about in our different business verticals. So we’ve been seeing already, and it’s started a few quarters back with our distribution partners, those that were around our Communication segment units. Order levels have come down. They have been trying to manage their inventory, it’s probably at – it’s at the higher end of their range. And that’s something that when we talk about what we’re going to be at a $450 million in the next couple of quarters, that includes OEMs bringing down inventory, ODMs bringing down inventory, and certain our distribution partners getting to a better inventory level. I would tell you in the Industrial space, we have seen some impacts, but I would also say part of it comes to service levels. So during COVID, when we could not meet service levels due to supply chain, certainly our customers would go to our distribution partners to get product, which is part of the role they play. We have seen as our service levels improve, you’ve seen buffer stocks taken out and we have seen order levels weaken in certainly those industrial markets. It’s not even across all of them like we see in communications, it’s around the markets that we talked about that can be building automation and things like that. And we do see that the inventory levels are at the higher end of the range that our distribution partners would want to be at. So that’s why their inventory levels are a little bit down but not to the extent that we see in the Communication segment.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, no, so a couple of things. As I said on our orders in Transportation, they were actually up 12%. And I think the other thing we have to realize, the China automotive market does a big build in our December quarter. So typically, you do have a step down in China and we sort of view China auto production for the rest of our fiscal year being pretty flat to where it was in the second quarter. So we don’t see an acceleration of build, but I do want to highlight that typically the December quarter Chinese auto producers do a big build to meet production targets. And as we look forward, it is choppy right now. We’re watching it. Certainly, the price activity that certain OEMs are doing in China, I think is creating a little bit of pause for consumers to say, hey, how does this settle out? The Chinese consumer is an intelligent consumer when it comes to price. So there are some things that are creating some near-term choppiness, but we view it’s going to be flat from here when we look at auto production in China for the rest of our fiscal year.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks. Thanks, Will. So when you get into this, I think the first thing is even if you take a Model 3, which has a simplified harness versus the Model S, we have more content on it. So I appreciate harnesses being showed, but you really need to look at, when you look at a harness, not the wire, you need to look at the functionality. And in some cases what certainly they’re trying to achieve is how do they approve assembly, assembly quality as well as they do over the top updates. But when you’re bringing data power and signal together and it’s coming together and what may look like it’s a simplified harness. The interconnects on that harness are a lot more complicated, higher pin count and a higher pin count means an individual contact or connection point. So what you get into while the harness simplifies and yet if we made cable or we were a harness maker would probably be bad for us. What occurs is you move to a lot more complicated interconnect [ph], which typically have data power and signal running through them, which create a whole bunch of other demons in the architecture that engineers need to solve for. And what we get excited about that actually while it may lower the amount of interconnects themselves, the more complex interconnects in there are higher content, more highly engineered and really what you get rid of as some of the commodity interconnects that are out there. So – and the same goes through if you jump from not only a simplified harness, you get into zonal architecture, all of that plays into part of the content increase we talk about when we talk about electronification. So the trend for us, we like it. It does get into what we do and what we do well, and we’ve dealt with this for decades and it’s going to continue to evolve. And I think certainly when you get to an electric vehicle that allows you to look at the architecture with a clean sheet versus a nice vehicle, and that’s what we’d like to do. So net-net, it’s a positive for us. Appreciate you bringing up the question.
Terrence Curtin: So Shreyas, thanks for the question. I do think there’s an element there that and where does price really occur, like you sort of say, it’s typically in our automotive and our D&D business is where you really see those types of impacts, like you stated. I don’t think we’re close to that yet, and with where inflation’s at for TE and still we’re in a recovery mode that’s the discussions that we’re having with our customers. I think there – if there was things like deflation, real deflation and things like that, we may get back to those traditional patterns because it does come into how do we drive productivity that helps our customer if they hit the volumes in places like auto. But that’s not going to be something we’re seeing in the second half, but as cost comes down around the world, that is something we could get back into in outer years.
