Bob Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings which start on Slide 8. Adjusted operating income was $550 million, up 8% versus the prior year. GAAP operating income was $535 million and included $14 million of restructuring and other charges most of which was in the consumer segment and $1 million of acquisition related charges in the quarter. We anticipate full year restructuring charges of approximately $65 million for the full year. Adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, up 60 basis points from Q3 last year. The improvement versus the prior year is driven by improved manufacturing and productivity across all of our segments and volume leverage in the transportation and industrial segments. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.00 and GAAP earnings per share were $0.97 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.03 of restructuring and other charges. Turning to Slide 9, our gross margin in the quarter was 33.6%. This is an 80-basis point increase versus the prior year, due to increased productivity from our TEOA or lean programs. The cost savings from restructuring and metals, and general volume increases offset by the impact of lower SubCom sales. Our total operating expenses were $654 million in the quarter, which was up 5% versus the prior year. The increased resulted primarily from increased investments in sales and marketing to support growth initiatives. On the right side of the slide, you will see net interest expense was $26 million in the quarter and I expect about $26 million of expense again in the fourth quarter. Adjusted other income was primarily relate to our tax sharing agreement was $9 million. In the fourth quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million. The adjusted effective tax rate was 21.8%, slightly better than expectations as we saw large portion of our income earned in lower tax jurisdictions. I now expect the full-year effective tax rate of approximately 23%.  Turning to Slide 10, I will discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $501 million and our free cash flow in Q3 was $530 million. Net capital spending during the quarter was $171 million or 4.8% of sales. I expect the capital spending rate to be approximately 4.5% of sales for the full-year. In addition, we made a $200 million tax payments related to a pre-separation tax audit during the quarter. Our working capital was in line with our expectations, with receivable days outstanding at 63 days. Inventory days on hand were 68 days and payable days outstanding were 54. Now, let me discussed the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. Began the quarter at $1.4 billion of cash and increased to $1.6 billion in advance with the acquisition of SEACON, which closed subsequent to the end of the quarter. During the quarter, we returned the totaled of $169 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $119 million and we repurchased about 1 million shares for $50 million. Outstanding debt remained at $3 billion at the quarter of the quarter. Now, I will turn it back to Tom.
Bob Hau: Yes. It's Bob. I guess both pieces. One, on the share repurchase, we did repurchase about 1 million shares in the current quarter for about $50 million. That is below what we have been running over the last several quarters and it is directly attributed to the M&A activity with measurement in particular where we had as you might suspect material non-public information, so we were blacked out of the market for essentially the vast majority of the quarter. That limited that capability. As we indicated when we announced the Measurement Specialties' acquisition, out into the future, we don't anticipate that deal impact our go-forward plans in terms of return of capital to shareholders, maintaining the two-thirds back to shareholders over time. In terms of the $200 million pre-separation tax payment, that was done in conjunction with the other parties Covidien is Tyco International to pay in advance the 2005-2007 tax audit that is winding up its near completion. We are waiting for the final paperwork from the IRS, so we need that payment in the third quarter to essentially stop the interest calculation on that liability.
Bob Hau: Essentially, from a sequential quarter-over-quarter, there are probably two significant drivers. The first one being the main one and it's a bit of mix of the automotive versus the industrial commercial vehicle piece, the heavy trucks. We're overweighed in the second quarter on the commercial vehicle business which has a higher operating margin. Secondly, we are making investments in the combined transportation business and that is ramping up over time, so there is a bit more in terms of OpEx in the third quarter relative to the second quarter of this year.
Bob Hau: Yes. That's exactly right. There is about $30 million, $35 million of revenue and that is encompassed in our guidance for fourth quarter.
Bob Hau: Yes, Jim. In terms of restructuring, both acquisitions that we have got going on right now SEACON just recently closed and Measurement that will close by the end of the calendar year, either one of them have significant restructuring associated with them, so I don't anticipate big movement above what we have indicated as kind of more normal level of restructuring on an annual basis about $50 million to $75 million, I think, will be in line with that going forward. Of course, as we look at our acquisitions that may change, but we will indicate that when that changes.
Bob Hau: Yes. Thanks, Mark. Yes. We are about flat. The biggest swing is Subsea of sure. I mean, it was reasonably probable last year and unreasonably loss this year, if could say it that way. That's a single biggest thing. Pretty much everything tracking, I think, Consumer Devices down a little bit kind of hanging around the same margin level we have been, but I think the good news is that consistent margin in the Industrial business company and the Transportation business now operating at consistently above 20%. That transportation business can move from 22% to 21% to [20% to 20.5%] depending on mix in the region we are selling in, but what I am really happy about it is it is consistently above 20%. We feel it will be consistently above 20.
Bob Hau: Yes. The restructuring benefit for a 2014 is about $80 million. We have been saying $70 million to $80 million. We are at the upper end of that range. Our expenditures is a little bit about what we were anticipating in the first half of the year, so there is a slightly more benefit accrued. A big chunk of that benefit is associated with the large restructuring actions we took last year, so we got some of the benefits in '13, we get the majority of the benefit in 2014. I would expect a more nominal benefit in thousand '15. We will give some color around that when we give 2015 guidance at the end of the fourth quarter.
Bob Hau: Yes, Shawn. I think, with risk of avoiding giving guidance too early, I think it's going to be in the first half of next year. I want to see us, how do we come out of this quarter, at what run rate on the projects. As I said, we are hiring the people. That means we are building the cable. Once the ships get in the water with the cable, then historically jobs run very consistently other than weather, but we always have that. The key thing is, get the award, get the down payment, that's happened. Start building the cable, that's starting. Then get the cable on the ships and the ships are in the, we are actually starting to lay cable and then it's a lot easier to predict, but that's how I feel about it right now. Certainly, our team has a strong view of what is going to happened, but before I go out there with more granularity, I would like to see how we come out of this last quarter of the year.
Bob Hau: Yes. Shawn. It's Bob. The business is about, call it, $120 million of revenue and when we announced the acquisition, we did indicate that they do about 30% EBITA margin, so you got the numbers right. Obviously, we haven't given 2015 guidance for the total company. Certainly, not for SEACON at this point in time, but that is that 30% EBITDA margin of pre-acquisition.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Amit. As you know we will give guidance for the full-year next year, so I am not really going to get into any details, but I'm very encouraged. Finally these projects which we had won and been awarded are going to come into force and when we get the down payment, that's really the proof point. I think in the beginning, it will start slow, right, as we are ramping. It will take a couple of quarters to really get at peak efficiency, but the way I would think about it at this point is it's been a pretty significant headwind for the last couple years and it should become a tailwind next year.
Tom Lynch: Well, again, I don't want to get too specific on that, but it will be reasonable margin conversion. The first job, as you build, as you add jobs you’re your capacity, the conversion margins increase, so we are still going to be not running at capacity with the first job over the second job. If you look at our history, it's when you have three or four jobs running. That's when you really see the margins starts to ramp up, but it should be a nice positive next year.
Tom Lynch: Sure. Thanks, Amitabh. The normalized margin, as you know, we are pleased to be at this 15% at under $14 billion run rate. I think, automotive - I think this is what I have said the last couple quarters, but plus 20% margin win with kind of normalized vehicle growth, which has been 2.5% to 3% range. I feel confident that we will continue to generate these kinds of margins. This year we are getting a little extra benefit from the great, the really positive mix in heavy trucks both, the Deutsche acquisition and legacy TE business there, so that has given us a push. Our productivity is strong in that business, so I feel good where the margins are and the ability to sustain them. I do expect that we will improve the Network Solutions margins. SubCom is a pretty significant negative margin in the second half and as we get these two jobs rolling that will start to turn in our, what we call the B&S unit, which is Telecom, Wireless and Enterprise, that's running in double-digit margins now. This year it will be the second year in a row that we have added 100 basis points in margin improvement there, so I do expect the Network Solutions to move back toward double-digit margins over the next year to 18 months, depending on the end demand, but we sized for that to take advantage of reasonable growth.
Tom Lynch: Again, we are not giving any guidance yet, but this quarter we will give you specificity around the big businesses. What we are seen around the world is mix, that the project business. In this past quarter, European projects were strong in Telecom, weak in Energy. U.S. was a little soft. I think, there is so much going on right now at the macro level in the U.S. telecom-related business that's delayed a few things, but we believe the fundamentals are there to support solid growth in the U.S. going forward. Australia, that important job is building, despite the political uncertainty, so there is and China, as we have mentioned, we have been retreating a little bit from the China market, because a good portion of that market just isn't very attractive. It's kind of a mixed bag. The good news is that we have a really win rate on the fiber awards, and the fiber portion of the network for the second year in a row is growing in solid double-digit. Copper is shrinking, but the good news is the copper base is getting smaller and smaller, so we think the math is the turn pretty soon where that double-digit fiber growth and more and more jobs out there is going to start to deliver this into kind of a low to mid single-digit business and there was pretty good operating leverage in the telecom portion of that business, because it's a nice margin business because of highly engineered products there.
Tom Lynch: Sure. The commercial business for the next quarter, it looks, and we will talk again next quarter about what we see in '15. It has been a little bit stronger than we had expected throughout the year. I think you are seeing the pent-up demand in heavy trucks in the U.S. and China and a little bit in Europe, just starting. I think, there's still a fair amount of momentum in the market, because the new China emissions standards don't cut over really until January, so there's a pre-buy, but most of is going to be the post-buy. As we are across all of our businesses, the China businesses is strong again, so if that continues there's strong activity which will require continued investment in heavy trucks and we will see the shift away from the local that we are beginning to see from the local truck manufacturers, so there are more multi-nationals because of the emissions standard. I don't expect it to continue with this rate. Buried within that is a pretty weak Mining, Construction and Agricultural business. It's growing at a much lower rate, the Mining business as you know has been very weak for the last six months for heavy equipment, so I would expect heavy truck demand to start slow down. Then the heavy equipment demand to start to pick up and this continue to be a very solid growth business for us.
Tom Lynch: Consumer, we have a thin base. That's our issue, of if a customer or two has a shift, we pay. We can get a nice windfall or we suffer and we are just thinly based in the business. We continue to be selective. I think the team is doing a good job, but that is just not a strong business for us. As I think I have indicated. It's going to take a couple of years really to some wind in our back.
Tom Lynch: Yes. The $200 million was essentially settling or is an anticipation of settling the '05-'07 audit period excluding intercompany debt. Once we get the final settlement, which we anticipate now in the fourth quarter, essentially we will have settled all pre-separation matters with the exception of the intercompany debt. As you know that is currently going through the tax courts. We anticipate that to take some period of time. We are always open to settlement conversations, but right now that looks like it's going to wind through the tax courts which will take a couple of years. When we first separated and started talking about the tax liability for the company pre-separation tax liability, we essentially indicated $600 million to $700 million of cash payments would be anticipated over an extended period of time. With this most recent payment, we have essentially got about $450 million of that behind us, so going forward once we settled that intercompany debt, we think there is another $200 million of cash will have to be paid out.
Tom Lynch: No. They are not going to have any impact. Again, we haven't closed yet, so I won't imagine they are managing through the labor issue in China, which also is not unusual in these kind of deals too. It's they anticipated it, we anticipated and the shareholder suit is it happens every time I think.
Tom Lynch: I would break the Networks, really, and it's kind of we have it in three major pieces, so there's the Telecom, Wireless and Enterprise businesses that are submarkets, but we have them run by one team. That's the business I answered to the earlier question on that has operating margins in low double digits today, where we have strong market positions, where we have a great fiber product line and we are really seeing the shift to fiber continue to increase. I think that's well positioned, as the market picks up, as that mix of fiber and copper continues to move in our favor to have operating leverage on the margin. SubCom, I talked about that's negative margin, but historically it will run in the double-digit range and DataCom is still the weakest margin of the three in the single digits. A lot of that is because we are investing pretty significantly in the next generation platforms, and we have very little revenue there, so I feel good about those high-speed platforms, but there is no question. We are winning awards, but the markets are adopting slowly. As you know in that whole space right now, there is an awful lot of change going on in the whole, what I would call the communication equipment infrastructure side. Again, we don't have a real strong position there. I think there is an opportunity for us, we are investing for the company relatively modest amount - significant in that business, but pretty modest amount of investment to make sure we have a strong high-speed play.
Tom Lynch: Thank you, Jim. Regarding the automotive growth rate, you are right. We do see it at 6% to 8% and we took that up a little over a year ago. We used to see it as 5% to 7%, a couple factors in there. More, I would say content-driven for sure. I think it will - most so called experts would see that the typical production growth is going to be in the 3% to 4% range, so solid content. HEV, hybrid electric vehicles, definitely the bigger that gets the bigger that is for all of our supplying into the market, because that's more content. Then, of course, the Measurement acquisition is going to help our content. As we get their products and we start selling them in to the automotive market, which they're not today, they have a nice business in the industrial transportation, but the really big opportunity is automotive and we would expect. We are not changing. You know, it's too early to change the range, because there are so many factors that go in to that. Certainly, I would say there is a lot more pointing to the higher part of the range than the lower part of the range at this point.
Tom Lynch: I think the best way to think about it is, as we laid out our operating model, we would expect the business in an economy that has grown 3% to 4% to grow by 5% to 7%organically and that operating model should generate in a kind of a normal copper environment, no big swings in exchange rate 20% to 25% flow through. All other things being equal, we would expect that to lift our margins 30 basis points to 50 basis points.
Tom Lynch: We are not setting a new target like we did before, but I think we have good operating leverage in the company now. Of course, our big thing is to continue to drive solid consistent double-digit EPS growth and cash flow that continues to approximate net income. As we are on track this year for another year of free cash flow above 10% of our revenue.
Tom Lynch: Yes. It's interesting. I think, seasonality, it still exists, but it's because the markets are so global now, the seasonality pronounced as it used to be. Having said that, which will typically see like we are seeing now in our fourth quarter Automotive, sequentially, will go down because its heavy vacation in August and that's when the biggest model changeover occurs in August. Typically, broadband or the non-SubCom DataCom portion of Networks, this will be a stronger quarter because of the weather. You know it's pretty much good weather everywhere typically and that's a business that's very affected by that's, because it's outside primarily. Then, we are not in a big consumer. We don't have a big consumer-electronics business, but that cycle would typically be strong right now because of getting ready for the holiday season. I think over time these peaks and valleys of seasonality are starting to get smoothed out of it.
Tom Lynch: I mean, it looks like that business might be finally leveling off. We still have a pretty nice position in the PC business. In the grand scheme of things of the company, it's not that big, so up or down. We like it being up better than down so that's encouraging, but our real focus there is to build a better position in smartphones and tablets. You know, we are better than we were a couple years ago, but we are still not where we need to be.
Tom Lynch: Yes. I mean, again, we have a pretty [nichie] wireless infrastructure business, so in our DataCom business, that business is going well. I would say more, because we have a great product line that goes on the tower, so as much the sheer benefit is market. Then in our the Telecom business, we have a digital antenna system and that business is pretty vibrant right now in the U.S. as its way of expanding coverage and capacity, especially around large venues like stadiums, so we are seeing that pick up. Again, in the grand scheme of wireless, we are kind of a niche player. I don't think it would be indicative of a trend one way or another.
Tom Lynch: Sure. I would say, I would start with were folks on harsh environment, so continuing to build that part of our business. If you go back a few years it was about 60% of our business. With these two new acquisitions, it's moving close to 75% of our business as we have also sold out of things like Magnetics and Touch, so we are continuing to reposition the company. I think that's working well for us. We do have a very, let's say, robust pipeline as you know it usually takes longer rather than shorter to bring the ones that you really like, and if you can bring them in at all, so we do have the desire and the capability to do more and we are very selective. We had two hit quickly here. It just happened to be that's the way the timing worked out. Two years before that and, you know, it's two plus years before that, so there is no real consistent timing I would say. What I like about where we sit today is, we are building a good reputation for how to do these and I think we are an attractive acquirer to a company and I know the companies that are coming in feel really good about coming in to TE and we are also selective, really selective. I think, we want to continue both, organically and inorganically, build that harsh because that's our sweet spot. That's what we do best and we think we can do it better than anybody.
Tom Lynch: Yes. Let me answer the second one on Auto. I mean, you know, the industry numbers, they are always getting refined. We have pretty good visibility into what our customers are telling us to build for them and it is a strong fourth quarter. Sure by far the strongest since I have been here. There isn't any underlying conclusion to draw from that Steve, I think it's the strong fourth quarter and we will see how it plays out, but we at this time in a quarter, we are responding to what the customers are telling us to build. Could it be a little better or worse? Yes, but it's not going to be - I would be surprised if it was materially different and we don't really see any inventory issues. We are not hearing anything around that kind of watch outs and we are pretty plugged into that. The first part of your question on SubCom, I think, yes. You summed it up. It has cost relative to where we were before few cents versus our guidance. 90 days ago, we offset that with other improvements, which is the good news and that's kind of early I would Q2 to start to be profitable again, but we will get specific on our guidance, we will give a little granularity there. We will be further into the projects and see at what rate they are building, but we are hiring people in New Hampshire. That's the ultimate sign, because we don't do that unless the designs are pretty much finished and customers are ready to eat get going, so that's why we are feeling better, but not giddy given how the last few years have been in SubCom.
Tom Lynch: There is not a lot of integration costs and we just completed the deal, so we are now in the midst of bringing that company into the full, but there is not significant restructuring solution with it.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, everybody, for your questions. Just a few closing comments, I'm excited because we are coming down the stretch of a very good year for the company. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to deliver 5% organic growth overcoming an incredibly weak SubCom business, 17% adjusted EPS growth and another tremendous year of free cash flow. Our harsh environment portfolio is performing very well. We are really pleased with that and we also are continuing to strengthen the company with the strategic acquisitions of SEACON and Measurement Specialties. As Bob indicated, we will continue to consistently return capital to shareholders, so I think we have very balanced capital allocation strategy, I think we have a balanced business strategy and I feel good about where the company is positioned. Thanks again for joining us this morning and have a good day and a great rest of the summer.
