Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks for joining us today. I'm going to review the highlights of Q4 and the full year and preview fiscal 2017 guidance, then I'll turn it over to Terrence to cover our performance in more detail. Before I get started, one more reminder that our fourth quarter included 14 weeks this year. Please turn to slide three. Fiscal 2016 was a very good year for TE. I'm especially pleased with our Q4 results which included record adjusted earnings per share above the high end of our guidance and record free cash flow. We also finished the year with strong orders, setting us up for a good start to our 2017 fiscal year. A key takeaway is that on both a 13-week and 14-week basis, the company had a very good fourth quarter, exceeding our guidance in earnings and expectations in cash flow. Sales for the full 14-week quarter were $3.3 billion, essentially at the midpoint of our guidance. Excluding the extra week, sales grew 4% and 2% organically. Adjusted EPS was $1.27 on a 14-week basis, $0.07 better than the midpoint of our guidance. On a 13-week basis, adjusted EPS was $1.14, up 27% over the prior year, and as I mentioned, a new record for us. Orders of $2.95 billion were up 11% year-over-year and up 1% sequentially excluding the extra week and our SubCom business. Adjusted operating margin was 16.5% and free cash flow was approximately $600 million. We continue to execute our harsh strategy with the completion of acquisition of Intercontec at the end of the quarter, adding a very nice range of connectivity products to our Industrial Solutions product portfolio. We also continue to execute very well in the SubCom business with the October announcement that TE was awarded the new Pacific Light Cable Network, a trans-Pacific system where TE is working with Google and Facebook. Q4 was a very good quarter and momentum is strong as we enter fiscal 2017. Now please turn to slide four. We were able to beat our guidance and deliver double digit adjusted EPS growth despite a slower-than-expected economic environment. This is a good indicator of the multiple levers we have to drive performance. Our harsh businesses continue to perform well. SubCom had an excellent year and we made several key acquisitions including Creganna, which established us as a leader in the market for minimally-invasive medical solutions, Jaquet which expanded our sensor position in the transportation market, and Intercontec which I mentioned earlier. We also sold our Circuit Protection business to narrow our focus in the Communication segment. From a financial perspective, sales were $12.24 billion; adjusted EPS was $4.08, $0.08 above our original guidance; and free cash flow exceeded our expectations at $1.6 billion. We maintained strong operating margins of 15.8% for the full year with operating margins in the 16%-plus range in the second half. Adjusted EBITDA margins remained strong at 20.6% in a very low growth market. We also returned $3.1 billion to shareholders in dividends and stock buybacks. Now I'll take a minute to highlight our fiscal 2017 guidance. We expect revenue of $12.3 billion to $12.9 billion, which represents total growth of 5% and organic growth of 3% at midpoint using a 52-week baseline in fiscal 2016. We expect adjusted EPS of $4.19 to $4.49, representing 10% growth at midpoint and another year of double digit EPS growth when compared to the 52-week base of $3.95 in 2016. Before we move on, I wanted to recognize that this is the first earnings call since our announcement that Terrence Curtin will become CEO in March. I couldn't be more confident about the choice of Terrence. I also want to welcome Heath Mitts who joined us as CFO a couple of months ago. Heath is getting up to speed very quickly and will be a strong partner for Terrence. Now I'll pass it over to Terrence and he will review our performance in more detail.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. To reiterate, 2016 was a very good year for TE and we're expecting another very good year in 2017 with 5% overall sales growth, 3% organic growth, operating margin expansion and double digit adjusted EPS growth excluding the additional week in 2015. Our harsh strategy is definitely delivering, with 80% of our revenue driven by harsh environment applications. These products are highly engineered and developed at the application architecture level, providing a wide moat around our solution. Over the past five years, we have averaged mid-single digit growth across our harsh businesses and have multiple levers to continue to drive margin expansion. We have remained active in shaping our portfolio to focus on harsh applications. Over the past year, our acquisitions have given TE a leading position in solutions for the minimally-invasive medical market, expanded our portfolio of industrial connectors, and bolstered our offering of sensors for the auto market. At the same time, we returned over $3 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Over time, we have maintained consistency with our capital strategy, returning nearly $12 billion to shareholders since we became a public company nearly 10 years ago. Moving forward, we expect free cash flow to approximate net income and continue to expect to return two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders and use one-third for acquisitions. While there will be cyclicality, the markets that TE serves have strong underlying secular trends driven by the megatrends of safe, green and connected. Using auto as an example, these trends are driving the need for more sensors and connectors to support increased safety features, autonomous driving systems, higher emission standards and infotainment. TE benefits directly from these trends, and this is reflected in our transportation guidance for fiscal 2017 where we expect to grow mid-single digits on 1% auto production growth. We see similar drivers in our Industrial and Communications businesses, which will enable us to grow content. TE has multiple levers to drive revenue and EPS growth. As the world leader in connectors and sensors, we have unmatched technology and global presence. With over 7,000 engineers, we are setting the pace for new product and technology development and are driving our customers' roadmaps with integrated solutions which TE is uniquely positioned to provide. And all the work we've done over the last several years has translated into each dollar of revenue today is delivering 40% more EPS than five years ago. These are very exciting times for TE, and I'm proud of what we have accomplished this year. I'm also very happy that Terrence is succeeding me, as he's been instrumental in establishing TE's global leadership position in connectivity and sensor solutions and strengthening the company's financial performance to drive value for our shareholders. We've prepared Terrence for this role over several years, and I will continue on as Executive Chairman of the Board, making sure this is a seamless transition. So, thank you. And now let's open it up for questions.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yeah. We might have to have you repeat the second question. My memory, I'm not sure I'll hold it all. But regarding content, Jim, that's only if you look back to four or five years ago, we would've said if we were guiding 1% production growth, we would probably have been guiding 3%, maybe 4% revenue growth. Today, we're guiding 1% and we're guiding 4% to 5% revenue growth. So, that's a combination of content and designing, continued designing for us. And there's no question that as the emission standards increase and you see more of a push for hybrid and electric vehicles, that's a tailwind for content. And it's been relatively slower than people have expected, but in China, for example, there's a huge push by the government there to transition to electric vehicles. So, that's a real positive trend for us and we're very, very well positioned in the electric vehicle and the hybrid electric vehicle with our content. So, yes, I think over time as the penetration of HEV vehicles increases, we're going to be seeing more content growth. We'd also, just in general, we expect content to grow about 6% over the next four to five years in the vehicle. So, it's a really good, sustainable, long-term trend that we're well positioned to take advantage of.
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, I think the big one is growth, right? We're continuing to fine tune the cost structure as always. But going forward, I'd say the big one will be driving harsh environment application growth in the 5% to 7% range. And that has a lot of leverage with it which we think will drive 40 to 50 basis points of operating margin improvement with a consistent buyback program, that's how you really add up to this 10%-plus EPS growth. So, still multiple levers to go, and a fair amount of improvement yet to continue to be realized, which is exciting.
Heath A. Mitts: Thank you, Terrence. And good morning, everyone. To start off, I'm excited to join the TE team here and I look forward to getting to know the investor and analyst community over the coming quarters. Now if you'd please turn to slide nine, I'll provide more details on our Q4 earnings. Adjusted operating income was $551 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.5%. Excluding the extra week, our adjusted operating margin was 16%. Note that the operating income impact from the additional week was $55 million. GAAP operating income was $517 million and included $30 million of restructuring charges driven primarily by Data and Devices and $4 million of acquisition-related charges. Adjusted EPS was $1.27 for the quarter. If you exclude the $0.13 contribution from the additional week, adjusted EPS was $1.14 and up 27% year-on-year, a new company record. The growth above prior year was driven by an increase in operating income, incremental benefits from share buyback, and a lower adjusted effective tax rate of 13%. The adjusted tax rate was lower than prior guidance due to the mix of profitability by region and statute expirations in certain jurisdictions. GAAP EPS was $1.22 for the quarter and included restructuring and acquisition-related charges of $0.05. For full year 2016, restructuring charges were $125 million, and I expect similar levels for 2017, driven primarily by activity in our industrial-related and acquired businesses. Due to the benefit from the settlement of all pre-separation tax disputes with the Internal Revenue Service that was discussed last quarter, we ended 2016 with a full-year GAAP income tax benefit of $779 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of 18.5% for the full year. I expect a full-year adjusted effective tax rate of 20% for 2017. Now if you'll turn to slide 10, our business is performing well in a challenging economic environment driven by the resiliency of our harsh portfolio and the execution of the TE Operating Advantage program or TEOA. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.2%, a 70% [sic] 0.7% improvement from prior year driven by productivity improvements across the segments. Adjusted operating margins were 16.5% in the quarter, and going forward into 2017, we continue to manage our business tightly and will continue to invest for future growth in our harsh businesses. Adjusted EBITDA margins help explain the profitability performance of our business including acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margins in Q4 were strong at 20.9%, which was up 20 basis points sequentially. In the quarter, we had strong performance with cash flow from continuing operations of $782 million and free cash flow of $594 million, up a strong 53% from prior year. The growth was driven by significant improvements in working capital, and again, is reflective of the team's solid execution. For the full year, I'm pleased to report that we generated nearly $1.6 billion of free cash flow, signaling a very healthy business. Looking ahead, we continue to expect free cash flow to approximate net income and capital expenditures to be approximately 5% of revenue. We remain committed to our disciplined long-term capital strategy of a balanced return of free cash flow to shareholders while still having ample free cash flow available for acquisitions. In 2016, we returned $3.1 billion to our shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. Our balance sheet remains strong with reasonable debt levels and an ability to continue to support the return of capital and acquisitions going forward. We have added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Terrence.
Heath A. Mitts: Sure, Wamsi. We're definitely investing in Sensors, as we've been saying all year, with the significant design wins we're getting in the automotive side, which won't hit revenues till 2018. So, we're investing ahead of revenue for sure. We're also continuing to invest in the harsh connectivity side and in this integrated solutions area because it's a very promising space. When you dissect it a little bit more, the pure auto connector margins and industrial transportation margins have held up really well in the year. So, most of this is because of investment in Sensors. If we hadn't have done that, you'd have seen our margins about flat year-over-year.
Heath A. Mitts: Yeah. Another thing I would add is that first half of last year, remember, had the inventory correction in it. So, you do get a little bit of a benefit of the compare.
Heath A. Mitts: Shawn, I think we just entered the year. I think a more normalized rate to assume out of the gate is probably closer to $100 million per quarter. We'll evaluate it as the year progresses and see where M&A layers into that as well. But I think an assumption of probably a full-year share repurchase of somewhere between $400 million to $500 million in total is probably a good starting point for the year. And we'll see where M&A comes in and update you as the year progresses.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks, Heath. And now I'll cover our guidance for the first quarter and the full year of 2017. So, if you could please turn to slide 11 for the first quarter outlook. We expect first quarter revenue of $2.95 billion to $3.05 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.98 to $1.02, representing sales growth of 6% and 3% on an organic basis, and 19% adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint. Following record adjusted EPS and strong orders in the fourth quarter, our guidance represents a strong start to our fiscal 2017. By segment, we expect Transportation Solutions to grow mid-single digits both organically and on an actual basis. This is above expected auto production growth levels of 2% in the first quarter, driven by China, as well as Europe. Commercial Transportation growth, we expect to be driven by Asia. In the Industrial segment, we expect it to grow double digits overall due to the Creganna and Intercontec acquisitions and will be flat organically, with the weakness in oil and gas market offsetting growth in our Aerospace & Defense business. We expect low single digit organic growth in the Communications segment driven by Appliances and SubCom. If you could now turn to slide 12, and I'll cover the full-year guidance. For the full year, we expect revenue in the range of $12.3 billion to $12.9 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $4.19 to $4.49. This represents 5% overall growth, 3% organic growth and 10% adjusted earnings per share growth at the midpoint versus 52 weeks fiscal 2016 results. I feel very good about our ability to drive 3% organic growth and double digit adjusted EPS growth in this challenging economic environment. This is in line with our overall business model and proves that our harsh strategy is delivering while we continue to benefit from the secular trend of content growth across our harsh businesses. We expect our Transportation segment to be up mid-single digits organically on 1% global oil production growth next year. And this reflects content growth trends as well as share gains from the programs we've won in the past. Commercial Transportation we expect to outperform its end market again this year, benefiting from content expansion in the heavy truck market. And we expect our Sensors business to grow 7% in total year-over-year. In the Industrial segment, we expect it to be up low single digits organically with continued gains in Commercial Aerospace and Defense, momentum in interventional medical applications driving the growth and also stabilization in our Oil and Gas business. In the Communications segment, we expect to be up low single digits organically with growth driven by Appliances and SubCom. As I said, momentum in SubCom remains very strong with the $1 billion that we have in backlog, benefiting from the buildout of the cloud, and we expect growth in the mid-single digits in SubCom in 2017. Now let me turn it back over to Tom for some closing comments.
Terrence R. Curtin: Amit, I think a couple of things. When we look at the orders, we saw nice orders. I think when you look at Automotive, we saw nice orders in Europe. We also saw very strong orders in Asia. As I mentioned, clearly, China was a big part of it. And North America has been the trends we've been seeing. I think when you look at next year and we talk about the 1% production growth, the first quarter we do see 2% production growth, really driven, as we've seen, some acceleration in production in China. And then, I think you're going to see it be more 1% or less for the rest of the year. We do think China, when we look at the 1%, is going to be about 3% production growth for the overall year in that 1%. We do expect Europe to sort of be low single digit production growth and North America to be flat when we look at it through next year. So, I think when you look at the first half, you'll see China normalize during the first half of this year is the way we're looking at it, with a little bit stronger in the first quarter.
Terrence R. Curtin: I think when you look at the Industrial segment, as I said in my comments, right now we are being impacted about 100 basis points due to the impact of the oil and gas market. And to frame that for everybody again, our Oil and Gas business went from probably $200 million in 2015 (29:39) down to $125 million in 2016. So, we did have a pretty sharp decline, and that was high-margin business that has impacted the overall segment. So, I do feel good we've improved the margins net of that effect, if you remove that effect, and we do expect margin expansion next year in this segment. I don't think we're going to get up to 15% next year, to your question, because we still have a pretty low organic growth in that segment. And that growth is going to be driven by Aerospace & Defense, certainly in the medical space, and we're also going to need some more volume to get up towards that 15%. But we have been doing cost actions and do expect the margin to improve next year and to be a contributor for total TE margin expansion.
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure. Thank you for the question. Actually, when you look at it, earlier in this year, as we covered, there were some supply chain corrections that we had in China early in the year, as well as North America sort of middle of the year. And now that we're in a pretty stable environment to where we're at today from a production. I think you're going to see that content growth to that separation. And it is around both content and share gain, Wamsi. It's not one or the other. And I think you've seen that both in our fourth quarter, you've seen that separation come back from our growth rate in a pretty stable production environment, and also in our first quarter guidance, where we're guiding mid-single digits on 2% production. So, I think there's proof around our business model. And our business model, as we've told you, in a low growth production environment, you can have 6% of content and then a little bit of price give-back that sort of gets to that mid-single digit around this 1% production environment. And we feel very confident with the gains we have and all the global platforms we're on, even in a 1% production environment we can drive that type of growth.
Terrence R. Curtin: And then, Jim, I'll take your SubCom question. And if I miss any of it, just hit me at the end because there was about four questions in there I think. Overall, I think when you look at the cycle we're in, one of the things that's really nice about the cycle, I don't think it changes the visibility much, but the customer base is different. It is not your traditional carriers. It is actually the cloud operators. So, it is those cloud operators that are very concerned how do they make sure they have capacity as they come out with their service offering. And that has changed the customer profile than what it was five, 10 years ago. So, they are much more active in owning the systems. Clearly from a financing perspective, it creates a different financing cycle because they do have the capital versus in the past it would be part of a telco operating budget or somebody had to go raise financing for the project. So, I think it helps accelerate the cycle a little bit. But it does come down to their offerings in the cloud. And I think what's great that you've seen in the programs we've won, we've had programs in the Atlantic, also the Pacific here and there are activities all around the cloud demand and the service offerings they have. So, when you look at the cycle, it's very good that it's a different customer base and I think we've done a good job adapting to a different customer base, and I think that's why you're seeing the strong wins, coupled with the technology we bring, have been very strong. And I think when you look at profitability, the profitability is sort of where we expect it to be at this point in the cycle. At these levels, and we'll have these levels again next year, you're going to be around company average margins, maybe a little bit less, but excellent return on capital versus the company's WACC and feel good that we have the backlog in place that secures 2017, and now we have to continue to win projects to secure 2018.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. Sure. The 7% number I quoted on the call does include Jaquet. So, when you look at it, it's split pretty much organic and inorganic, that 7%, pretty evenly between the inorganic and organic. You're exactly right when you think about Measurement. Measurement really did not have an automotive business, and that's one of the reasons we liked their portfolio so that we can build that out. So, the program wins that we have really when it comes to Auto, they won't be kicking in until 2018. So, we're not getting the benefit of the growth. Certainly as Tom talked, we're spending ahead to industrialize those programs and win those programs. And what's great about those programs -- they're among various technologies we'd gotten with Measurement as well as they're in multiple regions of the world. So it's not concentrated in one area. So we really like the breadth that we're winning as that will come in into 2018. When we look at the market conditions, because Measurement was very much focused on the industrial markets, they were getting us some of the impacts of the industrial markets that I've talked about in our Industrial segment. So, anything around general industrial, test and measurement has been slowing; that's what you see in the organic impact that we've had. We have seen some pick-up across those industrial businesses similar to what we've seen in our Industrial segment, that has given us the confidence for the 3.5%, 4% organic growth next year that's implied in our guidance. But the Auto program still will not be coming in meaningfully until 2018.
Terrence R. Curtin: No. I think when you look at China auto production, we expect China auto production to be up 3% year-over-year. So, slower than it's been, and some of that is because of the activity this year on the small engine incentive. That small engine incentive ends in December, and we've seen actually some acceleration in orders before that as they build. I think when you sit there, we will have production in China step down quarter one to quarter two. But then, we do expect to come back into growth to more normal levels later in the year. So, I think when you think about our Automotive business this year and ahead, you're going to see production in the first half to be a little bit more in the first quarter and then the second quarter due mainly to that China phenomenon. And we aren't assuming any new incentives right now in our guidance. We're sort of assuming that it's they end in December.
Terrence R. Curtin: Shawn, when we look at it, I think what you have is – you mentioned one of the key drivers. Our Aerospace & Defense business is almost a third of the segment, and we do expect that to be mid-single-digit growth, similar to what we experienced this past quarter and we're guiding into the first quarter. We see the programs there and we also see some Defense programs kicking in that are share gain as well. So, that is a big driver. The second big driver is as medical becomes organic growth later half of the year, like I talked about in Creganna, that's – the minimally invasive market is a 7% growth market. We're growing about 10% pro forma in that. So, we feel good about those two being the big drivers in the Industrial market next year. When you get into oil and gas and general industrial, we're sort of saying it stays pretty flattish. So, I think some of the growth that you're going to see in some of these areas that have been a little bit more of a headwind, we're saying is flat to low single growth to get up to that low single digit organic growth. But they're the major drivers that we're looking at right now as we go into next year.
Terrence R. Curtin: The medical business from a run rate right now, we sit there. Next year, it will be about $500 million, both on our legacy business, as well as what we've done with both Creganna and AdvancedCath. So, they'll be north of $500 million next year, Shawn, is where we'll be running. And then I'll let Heath answer the share repurchase.
Terrence R. Curtin: Craig, it's great question. I think what we've seen across the supply chain is actually stability. I would say lead times are staying pretty tight. People aren't taking a lot on, but there's a lot of stability and I think you saw it in how we talked about the regions. And even markets like oil and gas, it does feel like it's around this, for us, revenue of $30 million a quarter. So, overall, from a supply chain perspective, I think lead time coming into us as well as, as we're selling out, feels stable and it does feel constructive as we're going into 2017.
Terrence R. Curtin: And I think 2017 guidance we gave this morning is right along that. So, you get to see the multiple levers. With the mid-single digit top line guidance, which is organic plus a little bit of inorganic, the margin expansion, as well as share buyback, you really get to see all the levers that are – all of them working together to get to that double digit growth we guided to for 2017.
