Bob Hau: Thanks, Terrence and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide eight where I’ll provide more details on earnings. Our adjusted operating income was $444 million, down 5% in constant currency, due to investments in transportation, impacts of oil and gas weakness, and the distribution inventory corrections impacting our industrial segment that Terrence covered. Including $30 million of foreign currency headwinds, operating income was down 11% from the prior year. GAAP operating income was $398 million and included $6 million of acquisition related charges as well as $40 million of restructuring and other charges related to data and devices product exits, elimination of corporate stranded costs from BNS divestiture and general cost reductions. Our Adjusted EPS was $0.84 for the quarter, down $0.05 from the prior year with reduced volume from higher margin products and negative impacts from foreign currency exchange rates, offsetting incremental benefits from the share buyback. Excluding the $0.05 impact from foreign currency, adjusted EPS was flat to the prior year. GAAP EPS was $0.83 for the quarter and included acquisition related charges of $0.01, restructuring and other charges of $0.07 and $0.07 from tax related income. I now expect approximately $85 million of restructuring charges for the full year of 2016, a $10 million increase from our prior guidance 90 days ago. Please turn to slide nine. While we remain in a challenging environment, the progress we’ve made with TEOA and productivity initiatives enabled the business to demonstrate resiliency as reflected in our margins. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.4%. While this was down from last year due to lower sales and higher margin products, it’s up 90 basis points sequentially from Q4. As Terrence discussed in the industrial section, we’re seeing softness in some higher margin businesses like oil and gas, and lower sales to the distribution channel. Adjusted operating margins decline 70 basis points, driven by lower volume and product mix while benefiting from the early completion of the SubCom program in the quarter. Total operating expenses were $502 million in the quarter, down 8% from the prior year. We continue to tightly manage discretionary spending but are also continuing to invest in our harsh businesses. In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $367 million and our free cash flow was $237 million, up from prior year levels due to lower working capital and reduced revenue and timing of SubCom payments. We continue to have a balanced capital allocation strategy. In Q1, we returned $1.4 billion to shareholders including $1.3 billion in buybacks. In the quarter, we bought back nearly 21 million shares executing against our commitment of returning the proceeds in the Broadband Network’s divestiture. We’re also introducing a chart on EBITDA margins, which better shows the profitability performance of our businesses including acquisitions. EBITDA margins in Q1 were 21% and shows our margin resiliency despite lower sales levels. We continue to be pleased with the operating performance of our business, especially in light of the challenging macro backdrop. Also you may have seen in the 8-K filed yesterday, Tyco International on behalf of TE Connectivity has entered into an agreement with the internal revenue service to resolve all disputes related to the previously disclosed intercompany debt issues. The resolution would result in a total cash payment to the IRS from TE Connectivity of between $147 million and $163 million, which includes all interest and penalties. We are pleased with the proposed settlement and look forward to having this behind us in the near future. Of course we have also added a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. Now, I’ll turn it back to Tom.
Bob Hau: It is Bob. Good morning. We do have some incremental restructuring, as I mentioned our prior guidance included $75 million of restructuring; I would now raise that to 85. In the first quarter we spent $35 million. So, the action that we did have plan for the year, we pulled the trigger little bit faster, so we’ll see some benefit of that in the latter part of the year as well as the increased spending. That’s not particularly directed at industrial; it’s more directed at data and devices where we have the product exits in corporate spending overall which impacts all of our segments from the BNS stranded cost. There is some additional activity and additional benefit in oil and gas that will obviously benefit industrial. Overall as we see volume recover and in particular, as we work through the final implications of the distribution inventory channel recovery in the second half of the year, you will see margins lift obviously at 11% in the current quarter with revenue down and in particular oil and gas high margin in channel -- distribution channel very high margin, you are seeing a negative impact that improves into the second half for year.
Bob Hau: There is a number of moving pieces as you move from Q1 to Q2, probably the biggest one, and Tom and Terrence alluded to this a little bit and I made a brief comment on it in my opening comments. Part of the benefit in Q1 was the timing of the completion of the SubCom program that’s a very high margin as you wrap up a SubCom program; you typically record very good margins on that last guest [ph] spending there. And that is pure timing that was completed earlier. So, we saw the benefit in Q1 that holds directly out of Q2 and to some extent Q3.
Bob Hau: Wamsi, the $85 million as I mentioned is a small increase. We did spend quite a bit of restructuring last year, particularly at data and devices proactively, got at some of the costs as we execute against those product exits that we initiated in the first part of 2015. We took a lot of restructuring charges and started actions. Then as we continued to execute against those exits and revenue declines that’s what’s driving some of the incremental spend. So, we got out in front of it early on in 2015, as we announce those exits and we continue to take out costs where appropriate.
Bob Hau: Wamsi, just to remind you, we’ve got product exits or the divestiture of the circuit protection business that’s part of data and devices that will impact us in the second half of the year. We expect to complete that here in the current quarter.
Bob Hau: We expect that transaction to complete in the latter part of Q2, so it’s -- in part of Q2, it is out for the second half for the year, essentially the drive of the reduced guidance on a full year basis.
Bob Hau: Yes. What we said on SubCom is at the $750 million, $800 million range we are at, we get into the double-digit range. As we see additional volume, if new programs were come into the force and if that volume were to ramp up say to $1 billion, which is really where we peaked in prior years, you start getting up into the Company average to 15%, 16% operating margins.
Bob Hau: Yes. Obviously we saw better than that in the first quarter, and our full year guide is in that about $800 million range. So we’ll see double-digit; we won’t to be up, the Company average is here. [Ph]
Bob Hau: You’re exactly right Sherri on transportation and industrial, very consistent with what we were trying to describe earlier in the call. From a communications solutions segment, I think the way to think about it is if you just out the timing benefit of the completion of the SubCom program, we still see improvement on a year-over-year basis we’re in double-digits, just north of 10% operating margin. And we’ll see that kind of negative impact of that into Q2, but then more in that 10% range in the second half of the year.
Bob Hau: Jim, on the share repurchases, our intention remains -- we expect to be completed with the return of the proceeds from the BNS transaction in third quarter. As you know, we looked at a variety of different mechanisms to return that cash, as we transitioned through -- between announcement and actual closure and came to the conclusion that that answer was open market transaction. There is a lot of reasons why an accelerated share buyback doesn’t work for us, the easiest way to understand is we’re a Swiss company and rules are different for Swiss companies even though we’re registered on New York Stock Exchange and that makes an accelerated very difficult to do.
Bob Hau: As you might guess Mark that gets really convoluted, really quick, I think the most straight forward answer to give you is the settlement is not yet final; it’s proposed; the two sides are largely agreed. We’re working through a lot of nuances within the IRS to get that finalized. And at this point anything I would give you would be speculation and hypothesis. We are very comfortable, and as stated in the 8-K we are very comfortable that we are adequately reserved. And so there won’t be an additional charge. And going forward, once the settlement is actually finalized, we will give some detailed guidance on the implication of other income and the go forward effect of tax rate.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to slide 10, and I will cover Q2 guidance at a high level with additional details provided in the slide deck. We expect Q2 revenue of $2.88 billion to $3.08 billion, down 3% or 1% organically, and adjusted EPS of $0.84 to $0.92, down approximately 3% year-over-year at the midpoint but flat in constant currency. Versus our view last quarter, we expect transportation to be a bit stronger, industrial to be a bit weaker, and communications to be impacted by the early completion of the SubCom program we discussed earlier, and most of that was in Q2 when we guided last time. For the full year, we expect revenue of $12.3 billion at the midpoint, up 1% versus the prior year and reflecting 4% organic growth at midpoint. We are reducing top line by about a $100 million, reflecting the sale of our circuit protection business that we expect to complete this quarter. Our adjusted EPS guidance remains at $4 and represents year-over-year growth of 11% at midpoint. On a constant currency basis, revenue is expected to grow over 3% and adjusted EPS is expected to grow by 15% year-over-year. Versus our prior view, transportation is expected to have higher growth, industrial is little weaker, and communications is weaker factoring the impact of the sale of the circuit protection business. I think you heard a constant theme that transportation little better, industrial little weaker but overall no big change from the prior guidance. Our full year outlook is based on the following market and regional assumptions. In transportation, we expect mid single digit actual and high single digit organic growth. We are assuming that global auto production is up 2% year-over-year, which is an improvement from our prior view of flat production. We are anticipating China auto production to grow 6% year-over-year. We expect another year of strong growth in our sensors business. In industrial, we are assuming flat actual and low single digit organic growth. We have seen orders stabilize in some industrial end markets and assume inventories come into balance by the end of Q2, ending the negative supply chain effect on our business. We continue to assume a weak oil and gas market, and will continue to see the signs of the negative impacts in other adjacent markets in the industrial space, which is also factored into our guidance. In communications, we assume high single digit actual and low single digit organic declines but growth in SubCom and appliances being more than offset by product exits and the sale of the circuit protection business in data and devices. By region, we assume Europe and the U.S. to continue to improve with China markets rebounding in the second half. Outside of auto, China markets are as expected 90 days ago. Our guidance does assume a 53rd week in current currency exchange rates. As the year progresses, we have much less of a headwind from FX translation and an increase in earning tailwind from our share repurchase program. We remain positive on our outlook and at several levels to drive growth in a very challenging macro environment. As a result of the transformation of our portfolio and increased focus on harsh applications, we are well-positioned with differentiated solutions for our customers. Secular trend of constant growth is increasingly apparent in our served markets and our ability to produce integrated solutions that saw system level challenges for our customers will enable TE to continue to become an even more valuable strategic partner for our customers in the future. These factors combined with our TEOA initiatives and capital strategy, are expected to drive consistent double digit earnings growth.  Now Sujal, let’s open it up for questions.
Tom Lynch: Of course in our core of connector business, we have an incredible range of products, and we are in every facet of the vehicle. And that’s supported by almost 2,000 engineers facing the customers. So, you have this tremendous presence at every customer with a wide range of connectivity products. But we also of course now have sensors and a broad range of sensor technology. We have sealing and protecting products, we have relays; we have been doing integration on a very small scale for many years. And with the admen of the sensors in the product line, the ability to go into certain applications, not every applications but the more complex applications and pull three or four different products together which might have been handled by three or four suppliers before and integrate them into a sub-system, take that cost base weight and from a customer’s perspective, it’s one supplier to deal with. So, we have been doing this in the past but the addition of sensors into the product line has really opened up much more for us and we have had some very nice designing wins, I mean significant designing wins in the last six months that -- they won’t start shipping probably for about a year and half to two years. It’s this broad range of products and with all these engineers we have sitting in front of the customer. And we know the architectures almost as well as that customers and doing this for so long. And we have that many engineers, this deep knowledge, and they share with us what their kind of comp is. They are not just asking us for spec. They are telling us this is what we are trying to do. And that really opens it up for us to bring in a solution.
Tom Lynch: Hi Wamsi, this is Tom. I would say you’ll see it next year. The market outlook is pretty weak and we’re dropping -- we’re getting out of a lot of revenue; most of it is very, very low margin. But by the time we get through this year’s restructuring and the product exits, we expect that we will be in the build margin momentum. Because as you’ve heard us say before about two-thirds of the business is very good solid business that’s the core kind of highly engineered products that we do, so next year; I wouldn’t look for much this year.
Tom Lynch: No Matt, you stated it well. It’s much more around product line exits now. Now, we’re pretty -- we feel the portfolio is really strong with the 90% sensors and connectors, 80% harsh and even within the data and devices piece that I alluded to on the prior question, products that are in there are very good products, solidly profitable. So circuit protection was more of a standalone business. It was primarily in the consumer space. So, we’re pretty much -- I never say never because the world is always changing, but the heavy lifting is behind us.
Tom Lynch: What I would add to that Terrance is our actual orders from the channel partners were flat this quarter and they had been declining for three quarters. So, it’s one data point and as Terrance said earlier, we’ve got to see the sell-through pick up. And we feel like when you look at the direct business still growing albeit low growth that over time the channel converge with that. Now we are projecting it will converge into low growth with that based on the trends we’re seeing.
Tom Lynch: I’d say Shawn, couple of different ways to think about it. And you really got to do it almost by region, right, because Europe has still not got back quite back to pre-financial crisis demand levels. The U.S. while calendar 2015 was a record level, it’s still slightly -- the average age of a vehicle is slightly higher than normal; if that would change dramatically, might get worried. And of course China is naturally slowing down but still going to be a pretty nice growth business in this 5% or 6% long-term. And if you just look at the emerging markets and how many people are coming into the middle class, the trends show get a nicer place to live and buy a car. So, we think those trends are pretty good. And auto production last year slowed a little bit from the prior year, this year it’s in the 2% range. So, it feels very hot when you are in the U.S. but globally it’s still a little bit below, the fiscal 2016 production rate is a little bit below its historical growth rate. And then on top of that to your other point, the content growth is just consistent in every part of the vehicle. And we don’t see that slowing. And then on top of that the point I made in the comments about this integration. And it doesn’t happen overnight but it’s real. I mean we are being pulled into dozens of opportunities to do this. And this broad product range of ours enables that. So there is multiple drivers. And then of course if the push stays on green, which I think it will, even though oil prices are very low right now, the content in a hybrid vehicle or electric vehicle is a multiple of an internal combustion engine. So, I think that the positive drivers far outweigh the negative drivers. I mean there will be cycles but it’s not like we’ve been in a boom cycle; it’s been over the last five years a little bit higher than normal coming off the prior five years being lower than normal.
Tom Lynch: It’s a combination. Well, where we are seeing the most opportunity now is in the power train as customers evolve their power train and the ability to integrate in a subsystem, sensors, connectors, rounding, sealing et cetera. So that’s where couple of our more exciting opportunities have been. But we think it will -- where you have sort of larger more complex content, that’s where the biggest opportunity.
Tom Lynch: I think it moves slowly. I mean no, it’s not in our sales yet. I mean we are selling at a high single-digit growth rate products we have in sensors. So that’s playing out very nicely according to plan. I would say the design rate in some of the applications that we’re penetrating is playing out ahead of plan; some of them are more rich applications in the auto space. But it will take some time but you are right significant connector share. But by the way, we feel the opportunity continue gaining as we have been with the new applications we are bringing and very small sensor share because we didn’t really have much of a sensor platform. But now with the acquisition, we have pressure, position, humidity et cetera, things we didn’t have much of before. And we are getting design-ins across all of those in the auto space, industrial transportation space.
Tom Lynch: Steve, there is always mix issues, both favorable and unfavorable. And in the current quarter, we are really seeing a negative mix on oil and gas into distribution channel in particular with the positive lift in the SubCom. The SubCom benefit in Q1 is a direct timing out of largely Q2 but also Q3. Oil and gas really assuming will continue -- really through the end of the second quarter when we start getting easier year-over-year compares and the distribution channel as Terrance pointed out, we have one more quarter of this inventory correction and lower point of sale to work through. So, you will see that improve into the second half for the year. You will also see lower FX impacts as we saw significant strength into the dollar really start in Q2 of last year. And so that year-over-year impact diminishes and of course you get the benefit of more restructuring savings and lower metal costs into the second half of the year that help lift the overall gross margins going forward.
Terrence Curtin: No. I think Tom, you handled it well. And I think when you look at last year, and we did do for last year, certainly the big one for around measurements in the sensors as Tom talked about. Also in the medical space that is another example of a harsh environment application, leveraging the capabilities, as Tom talked about your first question Craig. So I think you are going to continue to see things like that. And I think when you think about the pipeline momentum we have, we feel very good about it. And I don’t think there is anything that has meaningfully changed even with all macro backdrop as we look at the pipeline to sort of answer one element of your question.
Terrence Curtin: Hey Matt, good morning; couple of insights. I think when you look at it, one of the things that it was weaker, we actually saw the inventory come down as expected with our partner, but sell-through was a little weaker than we expected which is why we see supply chain correction happening impacting our channel partner. So, the inventory bring down in the first quarter on what they had was there with the sell-through was weaker. But we look at as also the direct order patterns that we see. And what we see the direct order patterns on terms that Tom talked about as well as what we’re seeing elsewhere, it does look like it’s going to be another quarter or so that we’re going to have our partners and expect that sell-through to improve. So, when you look at this quarter, we still expect it to be a weak sell-through quarter. I think when you take our segments like industrial, I think what we talk about, about this quarter we’ll expect the same sort of next quarter from the channel element of it. So, they’re still being worked through and sell-through was a little bit worse than we thought.
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, what our customers are telling us, certainly we’ve seen, we have their orders with that increase. So as Tom highlighted both in transportation and industrial, we saw sequential order increases and that was driven by direct activity. When it comes into the actual destocking amount, we did think that was around $20 million in the quarter, actually inventory but the sell-through was a little bit worst than we expected, which is why we think it’s going to work through in this quarter. As we try to look at our channel partners, do have to get back to OEM demand that has come back into parity at some point.
Terrence Curtin: Distribution is pretty broad-based, so the trend that we have actually seen has been broad based and that’s why you see both the impact in the industrial segment and the communications segment. When you look at the direct business, it varies by end market dynamics. So certainly things like commercial aero are very strong, oil and gas weak, but on the channel side it’s pretty broad based. 
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, Shawn, I do think little bit high on an organic basis when you take currency out. So, when you do look at it, I think there are -- we also were impacted in our fourth quarter on the channel effect as well. So, there is little bit of a favorable compare but we do expect the overall direct business to be about plus 3%. We will get some of the anniversary effects. We do assume that our channel business will get back a parity where ran last year in the latter half. So, there is a little bit of a restock that happens in quarter four due to quarter four being very weak that we talked about last fourth quarter. So, there is a little bit of that effect that helps you get closer to flat. We do have com-air programs that are launching, which is an uptake as well as something in medical that are launches due to the medical side, and the program wins there. So, that are something that are little bit uppers in medical and com-air that help make it little bit rich as well as the distribution channel getting back to more normalized level, more like it was in the middle of last year than where it was in the quarter four on quarter time and certainly the quarter two time that we are in right now.
Terrence Curtin: Sherri, just one thing I would like to add and highlight is when you look at China, China is over $2 billion of revenue for us and 50% of that is around our automotive business. So, when we talk about our China trends. I know it was a little bit better in our transportation area like Tom talked about and certainly we see production increasing in China, I would say in the greater industrial and other spaces, it’s moving as we expected. It is a little bit more sideways orders are improving, but when you look at it overall, orders increased almost 10% from our fourth quarter to our first quarter, which is a significant step that we didn’t see, as Tom talked about as our orders were stepping down quarter-over-quarter last year.
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the industrial question on oil and gas and Bob will take the share repo question. On oil and gas, one of the things that we have seen, certainly the program element of the oil and gas market, we’ve seen in our step down of revenue. So, like I said last year early in the year as well as year before, we would run about out 60 million a quarter. Our business as it’s come down and oil has been impacted, we’re seeing a lot of those large projects obviously not happening, and there is not being a lot of large projects being bid. The $30 million per quarter level that we have right now is sort of a maintenance type revenue level for us; it’s not big project build. So whether it’s 25, 35, 40, I do actually think that’s a floor that we’re going to be pretty close to plus or minus little bit. So, I do think that element that we have in our forecast reflects current oil prices.
Terrence Curtin: Mark, hi; it’s Terrance. Clearly size of engine does impact; it’s just not that meaningful. I think when we take the penetration that we’ve done in China, both with the local OEMs and the multinational OEMs and mix effect isn’t what it used to be and it is reflected in our guidance. Certainly it’s focused at 1.6 liter engines and below, the stimulus. And what’s good is we cover every OEM there and we have content on it. So, it is in our guidance but it’s pretty minor.
