Tom Lynch: Hi Amit, thanks. I would say we're definitely seeing commodity cost come down as you know. With copper, our strategy has always been to hedge that to mach cost with price and the timing of the cycles out there. So in particular, the big decline in copper prices that's happened recently will start to flow into us late in the year, which should provide a nice tailwind going into early next year. Bob, you want to talk about…
Tom Lynch: Content is drifting up, but the big thing in this time period is the share we won three and four years ago. It's the design ins, particularly that we won coming out of the crises when we kept investing in engineering and our auto business across the world. And in two areas that we got -- that we weren’t leaders, but we were the leader in the U.S., but with tremendous opportunity in China we made significant investments in those regions. We always had a large investment in Europe and it's really paid off. So I would say more than anything it's the design ins that we won that take a few years to come to pass. We do see content continuing to drift up I don't think it's at the outside. It's probably that 4% to 6% range might be 4.5% to 6%, 4.5% to 6.5%, but a lot depends on in there mix and stuff like that, but for us it's been -- it's been more of the design wins of recent years.
Tom Lynch: As Bob mentioned on DataComm and consumer, we actually decided to and we're announcing that real time that we're putting those businesses together into one business. The customers are all becoming the same. There was always customer overlap and now it's converging more and more especially in China. The technology particularly the core connectivity technology that goes inside a box is very similar. So we see a much -- more opportunity to leverage that and this is going to help our scale and cost effectiveness, which we need to drive the profitability up. So that's the plan there and I think it's important that people understand that DataComm and consumer are very, very core to the business. I view them as core as automotive because it's another range of products. If you think of a company like ours, our specialty is connecting and we're building specialty in censors and those applications at knowledge, they go into a variety of different applications that happen to be stronger in some than others, but the core technology, the core science, the physics, the manufacturing practices, the supply chain, they're all very similar, they're all practically identical. So those are core businesses and the strategy really is to be more selective because the profit pools have changed a lot more in consumer and DataComm than they had in the long cycle industrial, transportation type businesses. With respect to energy; energy, I've used a very good solid business for us. It's been a little less of expectation for the last couple of years because it's Europe more than anything else, we're growing ahead of market in the U.S. we have a nice niche, a strong niche position because we're selective in China, but we expect as the energy grid has to be upgraded in Europe, that we're well positioned and it's a very focused well run business.
Tom Lynch: And what I'd add to that is that in our aerospace business is well above company average. And our industrial equipment business right at may be slightly below company average, but we expect it to be at or above company average in the next two quarters. And it's the energy business which is more -- it's just really suffering from a very slow market right now that has pulled that down. But I'm pretty confident that with a slight uptick in sales, I mean when we're at 1% you don't get much operating leverage and the team has done a good job of holding their margin there. But that will pick up. I mean it's only going to probably be at 3% to 4% grower, but when that happens we have a lot of operating leverage in that business. So, as we've said before, we view this business, we expect this business to be kind of a high-teens operating margin business and that's the moves we're making to ensure we get there.
Tom Lynch: Hi Mike. Thanks, by the way. I would say it's mostly the market right now. We haven't had a chance to let's say impact sales growth with most of our focus has been on the integration as to fully understand what we have so we can help set the priorities. Our biggest challenge which is a great challenge is more opportunities than we can deal with, so that's a big priority. But getting out of the gate then leading the numbers they had signed up for Measurement was important. Our own internal sensor business continuing to be strong and just continuing to ride on that back of a very robust market, which is exciting -- which as exciting, maybe more exciting to me because it gets to the strategic part of it. Now the reason we did it is we're seeing -- we're getting in a lot more request for proposals participating and having customers ask us to bid in some of these harsh businesses, the customers that we knew, but now bidding the MEAS technology. That doesn’t result in revenue for few years, as you know, but we're happy to see that this is happening quickly. And that's really the theory of why we did this in the power of the combination that our go-to-market resources and global supply chain with MEAS' very broad and deep engineering team and technology pipeline. And we're seeing it. We're only one quarter into it. One quarter obviously doesn't make a gain, but it's what we've seen in them some, so very pleased that it at least getting off to a good start.
Tom Lynch: I'd say the way to think about it, Mike, is no, we have not set like we did years ago, the 15% margin goal. When we set that we felt that was really critical to prove that the company had reached the point of strong operating capability. Now, its drive a growth of 5% to 7% consistently, organic growth and we would expect to drive 50 basis point plus margin growth. Of course, all of our businesses have aggressive targets for sales growth and margin growth with TEOA. It's how we decide what parts of the portfolio to go after. But we have not set a new sort of external margin threshold that we want to reach. Will we? May be. We want to get through the divestiture of BNS and the integration of MEAS. But I think generally, if you listen to us we think we can maintain and continue to drive strong transportation margins. We think there's room in industrial margins. The BNS margin will be a net sale accretive to the company. And we have pretty much all upside in the consumer device margin and the DataComm margin because they are low. So there's a lot of margin drivers in the company. And I think you see it in Q1 where we hit, and we had some nice mix in Q1 for sure. So maybe we got a few -- 20 or 30 basis points more than the typical, but we're knocking on the door of 16 and we feel good about that.
Tom Lynch: None of the DataComm business has carved out. We -- wireless, to your point, is a broad term. So when we talk about wireless in our networks business, we're talking about distributed antenna systems, but any of the wireless product that DataComm has, has stayed with data comm.
Tom Lynch: Now from the day one that’s we did. And that's one of the things I'm most pleased about that in all of our relevant businesses, most relevant businesses where we want to broaden the sensor opportunity quickly, lot of activity in automotive, lot of activity in industrial transportation, lot of activity in medical, significant activity in aerospace even though that's much longer cycle. To be able to bring sensor solution to the table to a big customer it enhances your standing with that customer, and significant activity in the appliance business. So we've already mapped the people in the -- our traditional businesses into the sensor business with some ground rules that we don't overwhelm the new sensor team. But I am very pleased with the collaboration and the sensibility that everybody is using in how to pursue opportunities but not get out ahead of our headlights. And we've got a couple of design in already which frankly happened sooner than I thought.
Tom Lynch: First, Steve thanks. We have a pretty robust pipeline, as we've talked about before. That pipeline is very focused on harsh. And as always in these situations, you never know how and when things are going to break free. So, we have priorities, how they would fit. And I think the nice thing is that as we showed last year, we could make significant moves like SEACON measurement in AST, significant investments in acquisitions and continue to have a very balanced return of capital in form of dividend increases and share repurchase. We will -- to us that's kind of an ideal year, may be not spent $2 billion in capital every year, but if the right opportunity was there, we will seize it if it's doable. So we clearly view what's the strong operational performance we have now and there's still room for improvement that putting more on the top line is the top priority. We see our customers wanting us to do more because disability to integrate and package that we're very good at and we already do an automotive and industrial transportation and aerospace and defense and are starting to do an industrial really helps the customer. So this idea of a broad range of connectivity and sensors is very potent from the customers' point of view. So we're always looking to add into that. So I would -- you would expect to see us continuing to do a nice mix of M&A and capital returns.
Tom Lynch: As we've pointed out when we made the acquisitions, Steve, the sales -- the design in sale synergies like any design in sale synergies take a while, so that's kind of year two, year three. The short-term sale synergies are more out of two paths. One, we have more people selling to all these customers, so can we sell more existing solutions to a customer just because we're in front of more customers. So we expect to start to see some of that towards the end of the year. And what in the products that can go through the channel. So our channel team, its lead by John Wainwright is working with our channel partners to identify what are the practical products that can be sold through the channel. And we view that as the shortest term revenue synergy. But the longer ones are when we see that we can integrate a sensor into a wire and a certain application, whether it'd be an industrial or medical or whatever that takes a few years to turn into revenue, all consistent with our acquisition plan.
Tom Lynch: Yeah. Shawn, thanks for the question. In terms of their profitability, we're little bit higher than what you've suggested, but order of magnitude that's about right. In terms of the share buyback, as we noted in our opening comments, we anticipate the deal to close by the end of the calendar year, and so that $3 billion of cash isn't available until the deal closes at the end of the year. It doesn't mean -- we are already and will continue to be active in our ongoing share buyback program. We bought back this most recently completed quarter and we'll continue to do that as part of our return to capital program. But the $3 billion when that becomes available we'll increase that activity.
Tom Lynch: Sure. And again, you've got peal back the onion a little bit. So, if you look at in both businesses, the core connector businesses, the EBIT margin is well above that. In DataComm we have been investing in high-speed solutions and those product lines, if you have measured them and as we do product line profitability, they are losing money because they are in investment stage and the designing is just starting. So the core business where we miniaturize connectors, go into server, storage, smartphones, pretty decent business, not as high operating margin as industrial or industrial transportation that's there. Then its can we be successful with these R&D initiatives we have what I call. I mean they're not pure R&D because we're selling the products, but they just haven't been adapted across the industries yet. And so that's really the question. How long will we pursue those? We really believe in this insatiable data world that for datacenters and for other applications in our company, high speed, more than five, 10, 12 gigabit is going to be necessary. So we're developing fiber connectivity and copper connectivity for 25 gig plus. Those are strategic investments that happen to reside in the DataComm business. And then we're looking at some other advanced technologies that are most naturally in the consumer business because that's where you get the initial application that may not be the most where we get the bang for the buck eventually. Certain type of manufacturing that we're applying there because the miniaturization that's where the trend starts there. And by the way, over the years we have seen the ability to miniaturize their move quickly into our automotive business where it's been more and more important over the last five years. So it's not -- the good news is it's not just that's you've got to cost reduce this thing. And if you keep cost reducing it, you make it an uncompetitive business. No, two-thirds of our business is solid and can get better, no questions. That's the core connector business and one-third are investments we're making, and we have milestones that we hold ourselves to that are proof points that either yes we have the right technology, or the market is taking the technology. And when we see those not happen, and I'll give you good example of a product line Magnetic that we divested last year, that was one of those. We felt like we had a better way to solve the Magnetic's issues and it turned out we didn't so we divested it. So that's how I think about those businesses. But they are very core-wise, they are core connectivity businesses. And how big they'll be in the portfolio is to be determined, but they will be in the portfolio.
Tom Lynch: I do. It's not going to be big in the numbers because it takes time. But the good news is we won contracts. The program management is starting to plan the installation and all good signs. But the rate of winning needs to increase for this to look like it is the business we thought it would be. We're not surprised it's kind of tracking to what we thought when we had a reset. And the industry, with all the change it went through, began to embrace these kind of things a little slower. But all the customers are saying they need to get there. It's just the rate at which they're going to get there.
Tom Lynch: Sure. From the strategy that we've had inside the company, has been pretty darn that we've had a strategy map that I think we modify a little bit every couple of years, but it's been fundamentally consistent around connectivity. We got more granular when we acquired Deutsche around; become much more aggressive around harsh connectivity and what that meant was acquire. We were moving at a nice pace and we always had a strong harsh business. But then in a sense took the double down approach and we are fortunate Deutsche came on the market and we got it. We were incubating the sensor business to see is that a place that we should go into or not. We didn't know. And we had some doubts. But when we kind of broke through a few years ago, then we decided logical place for us to be, not only because sensor is a good business and the skills we have are similar no exact, but the skills you need to be successful on sensors, but more importantly, because we see the conversions in the solutions. And so, then -- as that moved from let's see if we want to be in sensors too, this needs to be a new platform for the company, that changed the focus on networks. That made networks an important part of the business, but not as critical. And we also concluded that in that time to really have the kind of business in broadband networks that we have in harsh or could have in sensors, we needed to augment the product line pretty significantly a much broader wireless capability, which is not really something we could develop organically. And that was going to be a bit of a challenge. And then, we weighed that against other opportunities. We decided we're going to have to optimize that business another way. Now we were fortunate enough to find a very strategic buyer. Because, you may have a business you -- optimization may not mean selling because you're not going to get the value for it. But we got a very strategic buyer, perfect set. So we could get more value than we could by running it ourselves or spending it out or something like that. So I think our patience of pursuing an optimal solution in this case paid off. So now you get to the point where 90% connectors and sensors, 80% harsh. A pretty consistent strategy, the manufacturing methods are the same pretty much in these businesses. How you go to market are very similar, the applications are slightly different. The sharing of technology, you're sharing it across 90% of the business now. And it's very exciting, especially at a time when customers are asking us to come in earlier in the architecture. And that's why the solutions we're bringing in many cases today they're not sell support solutions. There really are how do we optimize higher power, higher-speed and a smaller footprint on this manifold in this vehicle platform, what else can you do for us here? So that's pretty exciting to us because it starts to open up other new paths for growing the business. And we don't want to -- we want to completely focus around that.
Tom Lynch: Yeah. The business grew up with a very customer-focus which is good, but not so much an industry-focus. So going in when a customer here or there and really do well with that customer because in the smaller company you often say that catch 22 well, where do I get the resources. I don't want to get out ahead of my headlights. So we're bringing them into more; for example, appliance customers than they were in before. We're bringing them into more medical customers than they were in before. They weren't in automotive customers and we're bringing them in there. And in industrial transportation where they have a very nice business, the combination of their sensor business and our connector business it's very attractive to our customers. So that's how I really think about it if I hit your question.
Tom Lynch: I would say that our customers, Wamsi, anticipate some of that. But it's probably still too early. When we talk to them, they will tell us that is a typical trend. Gas prices go down in the U.S. with the improving economy, trucks go up, we like that. We have a lot of content on trucks. But I think it's too early to say that we're seeing the trends yet; although, the mix of content, as I alluded to earlier, is still moving in a strong direction.
Tom Lynch: Mark, from a standpoint of the benefit, year-over-year, we've done about 40 basis points. There are certainly benefit in both areas of TEOA. As you know, last year, we expanded TEOA from what had been a factory productivity and a lean product development process in our DNE organization to really be as we call it TEOA everywhere in our G&A functions are now seeing the benefit of that. There's also definitely some tailwind from an FX standpoint. So it's a combination of both. And, as we continue to see organic growth, we'd expect that percent of sales to generate some leverage throughout the course of the year.
Tom Lynch: We could yes. Are we? No. We've looked at this many times. The most important thing about the business is they're the best in the world at what they do. So, when you start out with that, at least my philosophy is you got to be careful that you don't run away from a business too fast. And given the uniqueness of the business, it really is worth more inside the portfolio that the out. Sure there is a lot of people would love it but I know they either don't have the wherewithal to pay. If you contrasted to BNS, BNS is another good business. We weren’t sitting here with our finger on the red button, let's get rid of this thing was a strategic decision that it's not going to get as much priority as it did before sensors. It still can be a very good business. We think there is a good cycle or a solid cycle coming. And, when we cross with the strategic buyer that could but it at a price where they could get their value and we could get our value, it made total sense. And, if you look at somebody else indicated earlier in the call, that's been kind of our approach to the businesses, you could call a niche business that are on the outside of the portfolio. In this case, SubCom is a niche, but it's a world leader in what it does. So it has real value. And I think it's going to be with us for a long time.
Tom Lynch: Sure. There's really I would say three -- a lot of products, but if you wanted to break it down, what we call the telecom business was half of that came from ABC and half of that came from TE. And those are the fiber optic and copper connectivity solutions that are in the outside plant of a telecom or a cable network. So they're connecting the fibers and the coppers and collect that go from the origination of the signal out of a cable head end or a central office for telecom through the network to your house or to a node close to your house. That's half of the business, a little over half of the business. About 40% of the business are what we refer to enterprise. So that's sort of the conventional way to describe it as structured cable in the enterprise or in the data center. So that's where in your office you have the communication cable behind the wall that provide that come to the outlet that we used to plug our PCs in to get data and we now have wireless access point on the end of those cables. And that's a business -- that's a lot of small transactions all around the world. And then, the remaining piece of the business for us is this relatively small niche digital antenna business. All of the digital antenna business came from ADC. About 20% of the enterprise business came from ADC and a little over half of the telecom business came from ADC.
Tom Lynch: Yes I have said before I hate to never say never. But, because you can imagine we study and think about this a lot. But I have not come up with any multitude of scenarios that we've played out where we would sell our consumer device connectivity business. It is what we do. What we're doing differently, is coming at it much more as a product and a platform business. So, while we have it in a segment in a vertical market, it's optimize miniaturization. Optimize antennas things like that. Optimize high-speed cable assemblies that are needed with the capability that is needed all over the company. Some of the company has its own capability and some of it relies on consumer. But to really come at it from much more of a platform basis, so that it's much less trying to pick a winner that you win which in this consumer business is very, very difficult to do. And because we've been trailing it for a few years, it makes it even more difficult when you're not the incumbent. So the strategy there is to run it a little differently. And by combining it with the DataComm, it would be more cost-effective. It would be better with the customers. So we're not -- we collaborate nicely, but really one face with the customer. And the focus is to put more emphasis and more investment which we will be able to, once we do this on a really critical technologies and get out of stuff that I know we've been in it for 15 years, but that's become a real commodity in the business and you're never going to make double-digit margins on it. We expect these businesses over the next say 18 to 24 months things will get back to double-digit margins and I don't think that's a whim. There is a real plan to get there. That's based on some success that we've had already in platforms.
Tom Lynch: And then Jim, from the standpoint of the share repurchase, we did not announce an accelerated share repurchase program. What we've said was the majority of the proceeds will be used for share repurchase. The Board of Directors did authorize an increase in our repurchase program, adding $3 billion. So we now have $3.7 billion of authorization and we will continue to buyback shares for our prior program, though the balance of this year, and then once the transaction closes, by the end of this calendar year, that $3 billion will be available for repurchase at that time.
Bob Hau: Yes, so first starting from an impact, you're right. You're a little bit heavy given the timing of the hedges and how those play out around the metals, copper, gold and silver. It's probably $0.05, $0.06 benefit to 2015 and of course if metals continue where they're at, it will be a nice tailwind for us into 2016. In terms of currency, as you know we are largely naturally hedged from a transactional standpoint. We have factories around the globe and we build locally for our local customers and so from a transactional standpoint, we don't have much exposure and where we do, we actually do hedge the remaining exposure. From a translational standpoint, which is the impact that Tom talked about in his opening remarks, we do not hedge and I think you'll find a vast majority of the companies that have foreign currency exposure on a translational standpoint, don't hedge those currencies that would be taking a bet on where those currencies will be going and I don't want to take that bet.
Bob Hau: From industrial solutions standpoint, we've seen some nice margin lift in that business over the last couple of years. We've now got six consecutive quarters of growth. So we're seeing some volume leverage that will flow through. As I mentioned, in the current quarter we're down just slightly on a year-over-year basis, really driven by some investments we're making in footprint optimization moving some product around to get it in the right factories, as well as some investments in go-to-market resources. Our sales folks, product people that support our customers, as they develop their next generation products to make sure we're there with them. Both of those actions will continue to drive cost out to the footprint optimization as well as top line revenue growth. So the 13% slightly below company average right now, but we'll see that continue to expand in later part of this year and obviously into the future.
Bob Hau: And in terms of BNS, we don't provide operating margin by segment, but we have said in the past and continue to be public with operating margin for broadband networks business is slightly above company average nicely into the double-digit level.
Bob Hau: Matt, that's one the reasons you may have noticed in our Transportation Solutions slide in the presentation. We are now reporting three different business units within the Transportation Solutions segment; automotive, commercial transport and sensors to provide the visibility into the sensor business that is, as you point out, more than an automotive.
Bob Hau: For the most part, from a factory standpoint, our BNS business had standalone facilities. So, those facilities will transact with the field. So we don't have a lot of work from a standpoint of factory remaining of X% for or having to find a way to manufacture something that is in a facility that is going, relatively segregated, so not a lot of work and worry there. There are, of course, some shared services activities, some corporate functions. We've got a year before the deal closes; and of course, we have a transaction services agreement post deal closure. So we got some time to work through those issues. We don't anticipate it to be an issue one way or another.
Bob Hau: But just add to that, the area that we've been consistently investing in and happens to show up in this line, but it's really the digital effort to accelerate the digitization of the company better website, better product information, things like that. So that's going to continue. We view that as essential to our value proposition. And so, we're not -- there are some areas we're not investing and we feel we're adequate in the back office. That's not an area. That's a strategic area that we're investing in the S portion of G&A. And, we're not shy about putting field resources in the field, particularly in harsh environments where the solutions are more complex and the ability to help the customer through the design, from a field, applications, engineering perspective, it's important. And then thirdly, we're going to be investing in field resources and sensors. We've started to take advantage of all of these opportunities. And they are growers. So, the multiplier to growth is very positive. It takes a few years. But I think with our margin improvement and the leverage across the balance of our SG&A that sums it out adequately and continues to put a lot of fuel into the growth pipeline.
Bob Hau: Sure. Thanks. The cash balance is down a bit, obviously in the current quarter we paid for the measurement acquisitions. So we had built up quite a bit of cash in the preceding quarters. But, we're sitting at about $900 million of cash, a level that we're very comfortable with. $0.5 billion to $1 billion, $0.75 billion is kind of what we need to operate and not an issue there whatsoever and of course we're very strong cash generating business. First quarter is traditionally our latest quarter and that will be the case for 2015 also. So that will ramp as we get into Q2 and beyond.
Bob Hau: Soon I hope Jim. There are some chunks. The first phase of it, you have a good memory was we really outsourced a lot of products back in the day and resold it under our brand-name. And concluded back then that really didn't make much sense given the changing circumstances in the industry. At one time it did, but it didn't. And that had distracted us a bit. Now it's really about -- it's really about platforming and getting out of these commodity applications where you're not really leveraging what we do best, precision engineering, high-speed, high power throughput. So I think we were too fragmented and the first go-round wasn’t good enough and as the market continue to be very dynamic, there has only been one consistent player on top and everybody else underneath has changed than I think for where we were in the order of our position and our part of the market, we suffered from that. But I do feel like we have the team that's come in over the last couple of years and the product range that we're developing, that gives us the ability to not bet on customers, but provide core capability that you have to tailor or semi-customized for the customers. It's a bit of a change. This business has never been if I would have ranked us from strongest to weakest, it's never been amongst our strongest I would say over the last five or six years. I feel like we're rebuilding our strength because the fundamental knowhow is there and now we're much more focused. The results have to be produced. There's no question about it. But I would say over the last six to nine months I feel it taking shape that it's going to be a solid business. And I keep saying to everyone who asks me, would you consider selling this business? Never say never, but I don't even think about it because these are the products we make. The billions of things we punch out a year, these are products and they go into other places. So we're pretty confident we will move the performance of the business up that we move nicely with the Chinese OEMs. It's not enough to celebrate with. But it's through the key milestone of the last six month to change our position meaningfully there not just accidentally. And we've done that. It's not enough to declare victory. But we have a pretty stringent milestone here that we hold ourselves to and we're making progress. But it's going to be a couple of years before this is the double-digit business. But there's a clear path to get there.
