Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Amit. I appreciate the question. First off, I'll get into the different elements. We have to realize, this starts with the hyperscalers and cloud CapEx. When you look at it, that just continues to accelerate. It is incremental CapEx, and you are seeing it get put towards AI applications. As you know, we built a strong position with the cloud customers previously, and it's translating into a strong position with AI and the design wins are across customers. There isn't one customer here. It is across the hyperscalers and that's what I get excited about the most on it, the breadth of it. Now, as you said, you can see on the order slide I went through earlier, you saw the acceleration, the Communication orders that were up 50% or so sequentially. When we see these orders and design wins coming in, it does take, we talked 200 last quarter, some of that will schedule in for this year, so that's really why you're seeing the increase to the 250. But with the design wins we've gotten, it gives us confidence to take up -- it's going to at least double on that 250 in the next year with the wins we have. Just to build on who we deal with, these engagements are with the hyperscale customers and realize some of them develop their own AI solutions. We also have to work with the semiconductor companies, including both the processor companies and the other semi-players that make the acceleration chips and other silicon solutions that are so necessary to really make sure you get to these high-speed, low-latency applications. The growth that we're seeing is across this entire ecosystem. It's not just one customer. As I said before, I do think this is a space where a few of us really will benefit from because of the investment needed to scale the engineering and the manufacturing coupled with the technology that needs to happen here. So, I do view the momentum is real. These are real design win and orders, and we'll continue to keep you updated as we have calls. But certainly like that traction going into ‘25 as a growth driver on top of the other ones we always talk to you about.
Terrence Curtin: No, Joe. Hey, one is due to the size of this and the ramping that's going to be required, in areas where you have this, dual sourcing and cross licensing is very common. There is IP here that the different players have and we work together on how do we make sure we bring the best solution together to our customers. We have said, we would expect in this area due to the volumes, the ramping, as well as our customers, making sure they have certainty of supply. You would see some dual sourcing elements as well as cross licensing. So no, that is reality in here. In this space of our data and devices space, this is not new. This has existed for a long time. So this is not a new phenomenon.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, no. So thanks Joe for the question. One of the things that I said in my opening comments were, you know production is very stable in automotive. But I think it's important when you think about EVs, EV production this year, and I say EV, I say battery electric, plug-in hybrid and hybrids. They are up 20% this year. So when you have global auto production flat, all of the electrified powertrains are up significantly. Beginning the year, we would have thought that would have been 25 million units. It's going to be close to 24 million units, whereas last year was 20 million units. So with some of the news that you mentioned, sometimes it makes it feel like electrified powertrains are declining. They are not declining, they continue to accelerate, and you see different trends around the world. I know on this call I always have to remind you, 70% of the electric vehicles made in the world are in Asia. It's one of the things with our global position, it's very important that that's where you see the content outperformance, and you don't see some of the bumps that maybe you read in the West. But in Asia overall, the electrified powertrain continues. So in Asia, battery electrics are up 20%, hybrids are up 20%, plug-in hybrids are up 50%. And certainly China drives that, but we also have to realize when you get into hybrids, which are in the West, it benefits some of our non-Chinese OEM customers, whether they are the Japanese or the Koreans, that have really nice product sets and we benefit from that. What you see in the Americas and Europe, you do see people moving more towards pure hybrids. In U.S., Americas, they are up 40%. So consumers are making choices more towards hybrids, and you also see they are up 20% in Europe. So you continue to see penetration increase, and any of those are good for content for us. So we always tell you a nice engine probably has about $70 on it. A full battery electric is $140, plug-in hybrid about $120, and certainly when you get into a hybrid, its $105, $110. So all of that is good for us, and even as we look forward and we're in planning now, we're going to expect auto production to be flattish, and we expect the trends that you are going to see in EV production probably continue to increase like that 20% next year as we move forward. So it's still a very constructive environment. I just always ask you, make sure you are keeping a global perspective on it, not just the Western view on it, because that's where the majority of the action is.
Terrence Curtin: No, thanks Mark, and let me just start with the punch line. The answer is, yes. We feel very confident with it. I just spent there with Joe a little bit talking about the powertrain differences, and the powertrain is an important content driver, but it's not the only content driver. When you sit there and you think about it. I mentioned it in my prepared comments. When you get data connectivity that's needed in the vehicle for autonomy, that's also needed for all the other data that you need in the vehicle, that creates an additional architecture that also benefits content. And the other thing is, as people continue to look at other features that are added around safety applications, they continue to evolve the architecture around the traditional backbone 1248 volt, to really make sure the vehicle comes to life for the features a consumer expects. And all three of those elements benefit our content. I know we call one electrification and the other one electronification, but we benefit from both of those. And I think you look at this quarter, this quarter with the 5 points of outperformance, we grew in a declining auto production environment. It basically, iView proves it, and we feel confident it'll continue to build moving forward. The other thing that, hey, you will have some lumps of time like you said, due to platform changes, things like that. But one of the great things about TE is because we're essentially on every car in the world, you really never hear us talk about that. It's where our great global position really comes into play, and I think it really is important to our customers as we bring them technology, but also as an investor, you don't get to – you never hear us talking about this customer or that platform impacting us. So I feel very good about the 4 to 6 and feel very good about the design wins we continue to get in automotive.
Terrence Curtin: So Samik, thank you for the question. I think first thing, AI we laid out very clearly. I think the other thing that you're going to have – that you have to be there is, the 4 to 6 points on top in automotive. We do think we should be planning and we're planning a flattish environment. So I do think you are going to see that. On top of that, I wouldn't be lost on the trends that are really being masked right now in our industrial segment due to the stocking. If the stocking will end, you even see it in our appliance business, it is very important. So you've seen our appliance business return to growth. Some of that is the stocking ending. You are going to see that in industrial equipment. And then some of the other industrial cycles may be a little bit middle to later in the year, but it is very important that as you sit there, the stocking has had a big impact on our revenue this year, earlier in the year probably pushing $100 million of headwind. So they are the types of things that I think build. Some of them are content. Some of those are certainly market, but I think they are the things that get us excited about the growth momentum. And I know I said flattish earlier. I meant flattish production in automotive from a planning, not content. Content will be on top of the production environment. So, just to correct that sentence, I didn't complete my thought, so. Thanks Samik.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, and I appreciate the question. First of all, our CapEx runs roughly from a modeling perspective about 5% of revenue. In different times we'll run just under that. In different times we'll run just modestly over there, but that's a good planning assumption. Inside that, in that run rate, you have to assume all of the growth areas that we've been talking about today have been supported. So whether that's the things around the content outperformance relative to automotive, which is largely driven by the electronification as well as the adoption of the various power trains. Some of that CapEx has supported tooling and product lines that we've had to put in place that are in those, so that's not going to be incremental pressure as we move forward. Now, we are ramping up a little bit in CapEx to support some of the AI applications, particularly coming out of Asia. We've opened up a facility in the Philippines. Some of that is in our run rate as well. And there will be other tradeoffs that we make as we do across the portfolio, but I don't see anything that's putting incremental pressure on our CapEx that's going to materially change that planning assumption, because some things that will come on, that will need a support for the AI applications and product lines. There will be other things that come off because we've completed some expansion in other areas, whether that's in industrial or otherwise. So it's kind of always a rolling process for us, but I still think we can absorb this within our CapEx profile.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Chris. What you presume about industrial is right on. And in Communications, clearly you see the benefit of the AI orders as well as our appliance business had nice growth as well. So tying back to where we see the stocking ending, you are seeing that strength and getting back to at least market and then some. When you look across the other dynamics that we continue to see, number one is there was a point in time probably three quarters ago we would talk about backlog. Our backlog continues to be strong, and what you see is the service levels, our service levels to our customers come up. You see people saying, hey, I want to work out my backlog a little bit. Why do I need something if it was an eight to 10 week lead time? Why do I need backlog out this far? So we do see that, those effects happening, in those areas where our service levels are very strong. So you know, in places like auto, our service levels have returned above pre-COVID levels. So you see some of those factors. And then in the general industrial spaces, and that is our industrial equipment market. That is our commercial transportation market. In our sensors business that we have pivoted to transportation and industrial, the industrial piece, you just see ongoing weakness that's pretty global and I would also say just sort of moving sideways. So if you peeled those out, you would say, ‘boy, your orders look really strong, really nice position.’ But they are just areas where we're seeing pockets of the stocking. It is both with OEMs as well as distribution partners. And we are seeing some signs that's starting to move sideways, which is a good first sign, but it still seems like it's taking a little bit longer to work through in that general industrial space, but it will come to an end here. They always do. It's just, I can't give you the exact date.
Terrence Curtin: No. I think when you look at that, clearly with the trajectory that we have, that will probably move in a little bit. We're going to continue to keep you updated on that as we have design wins. You do have an element here. We are taking your next year's up versus the $400 million we just told you 90 days ago. So I think, the $1 billion is definitely confident, but the timing will be split in a little bit and we'll continue to keep you updated on it.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. No, it does create content opportunity, and it's one of the things I think is important when you talk about content. Clearly, we get a benefit as you move to high-voltage architectures around the power train, but you have to realize there's a whole other architecture that exists to move data around, as well as power and signal around in the car, and both of those trends impact every vehicle, not just an electric vehicle. So data I think is clear, but as everybody continues to want more features and functionality in the car, whether you get into zonal architecture, whether you want to get into centralized compute, while that simplifies and rationalizes the harness, the interconnects get more miniaturized and much more complex. And in those situations, that does – it is part of the content driver we have. So anytime you think and you sit in a car, forget about the engine running, but every other feature you sit there when you move to a new vehicle that you expect, there's connectivity associated with it, because power and signal and data need to move around, whether it's sensing something on the front end of the car, its sensing something in the braking system, it needs to transmit that power signal and data someplace, and all of that are real hard architectural problems. And our engineers at the design centers where our OEM customers are, that's where we design. It’s really where that magic occurs that drives that content growth. And these are things that don't stop because people are only working on electric vehicles. That's architecture that helps OEMs compete. It also gets people, consumers what they want, and it's where our teams excel. So sometimes I think it's taken for granted when we talk about content, but that's the electronification element of content, and that's why we feel so confident about the 4 to 6, both the electrification and electronification that happens in the vehicle really help drive that content.
Terrence Curtin: No, it's a great question. Actually, when you go from – you get wire reduction and harness simplification. You don't get connector simplification, but you are still going to need a power signal or data transfer that occurs. It may be in a simplified wire structure or a different type of cable, but what you come into when you get into that zonal is you have a much more complex connector. Something that might have been only transmitting one signal, you might have something that's transmitting 400 different signals, and that gets into a higher contact count, more complex connector into that compute, and that's actually areas where we actually drive content increase. When you get into those areas of zonal and things like that, that everybody talks about and has been talking about for a long time, typically you’ll get into more complex, more engineered connectors that drive more increased content for us. It certainly simplifies the harness, but it does not simplify the connectivity.
