Terrence Curtin: No, thanks, Mark, and I appreciate the question. And I know one of the things that's important when we do this is I always have to remind everybody our great global position, and we got to keep that in front of us.  So first of all, on auto production, what's interesting, even though there's been a lot of moves by various players around the world, if we went back to you back in October and said, where do we think auto production would be, we still think it's slightly up this year. It's going to be around 86 million vehicles made on the planet this year. And we have seen increases in Asia production, both in China as well as outside of China, because we do have a strong position in Japan and Korea as well that have offset some of the weakness that you've seen here in North America as you have some of these consumer preference shift.   The other thing that is when you think about what we've always called the e-mobility category, which includes hybrids, plug-in hybrids and EVs because we get very nice content uplift on all of them, we expect it to be about 25 million units this year still. And versus where we were earlier in the year, that's probably only off about 300,000 units when you look at it at a global basis. So net-net, on a global basis, EV production and adoption is still happening. And EVs and plug-in hybrids and hybrids are about 30% of all the vehicles on the planet today that are coming out. And I said it on the call, both categories are going to grow about 24% this year.   Now by region, the trends in China are full steam ahead, EV production, EV adoption across all types, whether it's plug-in hybrids, hybrids, and we have a very strong position there. We've talked to you about what we do with the locals. We have a strong position with the multinationals. And as I said on the call, our content per vehicle, as EV adoption continues in China, is just going up.   In the Western world, you do have the adapting that I talked about, and it's really creating more of a shift from EVs to PHEVs and hybrids. And we got to realize that shift is important for us because that does help as you move from a nice vehicle to any of the EV categories, we get content increase. And all the regions are expected to see double-digit EV growth this year. So while there's been some things that have shifted around, certainly, as people make choices about what models they like versus they don't like, it's really been driving content growth.  Now the last thing is we remain to be confident around our 4 to 6 points of outperformance. And we're always going to caution you like we do every call, please don't look at it on a quarter basis because there's always swings that can occur. But we expect content growth to be in that 4 to 6 points. And it's also important to say content in the 4 to 6 points above production, EV is the biggest driver, but it's not the only driver.  Electronification of the vehicle, the data -- Ethernet that goes in for autonomy for -- that's unique for software-defined vehicles, that's a driver as well as all the other electronics that go in. So all of them drive the content increase. And while there may be some shifts between EVs and hybrids, the content growth that we get on either of those categories, whether it's 1.5x or 2, are going to drive content growth for us and why we feel so constructive about the 4 to 6 points of outperformance, and we expect we'll be there this year. So I know it's probably more than you wanted, Mark, but I appreciate the question. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. No, thanks, Luke, and I appreciate the question. Yes, as I said in my upfront comments, I can't stress enough, this is the first time in 6 quarters or 1.5 years that we have orders above $4 billion and a book-to-bill above 1. And you see the sequential growth in every segment. And destocking, which we always told you, really was in our Communications segment and our Industrial Equipment segment. I would tell you, in the Communications segment, we don't -- we believe destocking is over.   Not only from the order activity we see, but I would also say the things where we go through our channel partners, and we've seen orders improve year-over-year there as well as the revenue trends of where they're selling through. So I would say destocking in the Communications segment is over, and you're going to see that segment return to growth next quarter, as I talked about.  The one area that we continue to see destocking is in the Industrial Equipment. I think it was evident in our results and the commentary. And that's going to be with us for a couple more quarters. That started later. We're still seeing areas where I do think we're in a bottoming cycle there, both what we see and what our channel partners see. We're starting to see some lights in China and also the Americas, but there's other areas in that industrial space, and Europe has remained weak. So I do think that's very important to keep in front of us, but I do think there's -- we're starting to see some light at the end of the tunnel.  And outside those areas, I think you see stability and growth. And I think those sequential order momentums that we see that you can see on the chart really prove that. And that's what we get excited about that destocking is over. Destocking has masked some of our content growth as we work through it. But I do also think as we work through this year and get to '25, it will be a nice tailwind that that's finally behind us. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, no, and I made some comments, Amit. So I do appreciate the question. And the one thing that's a little bit different that we talked about today on the prepared comments was we typically always talked to you about design win momentum, and that's continued. But we did give you more highlights about where does revenue go for here. And we told you all year, as we were seeing the ramp in AI, we were going to do about $200 million of revenue this year in AI applications. And certainly, 60% of that would be in the back half. That really hasn't changed.  But when we look at the design momentum that we have and also expectation of what we're hearing from our customers, like I said on the call, we expect that $200 million to essentially double next year to $400 million. And we actually see a path that could get up to $1 billion a year -- a few years after the [ math ].   So we're actually seeing the traction with the design wins, our teams, the investments we're making to ramp it, both from engineering and operations, are in place to drive it. And like you said, when you have to service this area, there's an ecosystem that's here. And that ecosystem, when you look at our engagements, they're with hyperscale customers, some of who are developing their own AI solutions. We also have to work closely with semiconductor companies, including both the processor companies and the other semi players that make acceleration chips and other silicon solutions. So when you look at it, we have to play with everybody in that ecosystem, and our teams are doing a nice job.   And then as important is as you work with them, how do you get on reference designs that then are really ready-to-deploy offerings that do allow further cloud customer deployments. And our sales are across the entire ecosystem, it's not with one. So I like the breadth that we have, and that's really driving the momentum that we have.  And from a product perspective, where you start at, it starts with the socket that's right up against the GPU. You can have things that are on the board. And then you also get into things that are really a cable backplane where you have things that are very important to make sure you don't get the latency and you keep the high speed going to really make sure that cluster can really crack at the speeds they need to, to do the [ LLMs ].  So net-net, it's pretty broad in the products we play. And it's just really, in many cases, what we did on the cloud moving up to the next level of performance in this application. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So when you think about share in the AI application, it would be similar to the share we had in cloud applications. So I think when you look at that, and we talked about that a lot, the momentum we had when we went through the cloud during COVID and the momentum we had across a broad set of customers, I think you can expect similar share-type thoughts on that for the AI applications and once again being broad.   When you look at 2025, I guess the first thing is it will be nice not to talk about destocking. So that has been a headwind. I know we're not the only one that dealt with it. But that will be something that turns, and you're starting to see it in CS, and that will help IS. So I do think that will turn to a headwind to be -- honestly, to a tailwind as we get rid of that. And what's nice is we're going to start seeing that in Communications already here later this year. And I do think we have to wait towards the end of our fiscal year to get there with the Industrial Equipment business.   The other thing as we look at 2025, there's going to be -- if you just start with Transportation, you're going to continue to have electric vehicles, the broad category that we put everything in, continue to grow in the world. And I think you can continue to look at 4% to 6% growth on top of that. I wouldn't say we view it's going to be auto production is going to boom in '25, but I think you're going to continue to see an area where auto is below peak where we are today. And then we're going to get the content benefit on top of it that I think we've proven to you. The AI element is a big driver as we go into next year. So we quantified that for you.  And then the other area that I just think has been masked a little bit by what's been going on in Industrial Equipment is, remember, our 3 businesses that are in Industrial, they continue to have growth momentum, whether it's renewables, whether it's what we're doing in medical around interventional procedures, whether it is the recovery in commercial aerospace as well as what's going on in defense. So those types of growth that we're seeing this year, we do think they're going to remain in the growth into '25. So I do think '25 does set up nicely.  Heath, I don't know if you want to talk from a margin perspective at all. 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Samik, for the question. A couple of things, I think, that's important. As we've been seeing this, we have been investing, and we've expanded operations in Mexico as well as the Philippines as well as the existing locations we've had. So from that viewpoint, there was existing. And also the sites that we have, I think, position us well for the geopolitical options that some of our customers want to have.  So when you look at that, I wouldn't say this is just starting. These investments, some of those we started to make a few years ago as we were thinking about capacity coming along, and we're going to continue to build on that. And that's for the footprint capacity as well as like Heath said, there's also been engineering capacity and ramping as well, and we'll continue to do with the line of sight of the programs we work on.  Let's face it, these are programs that we work on with our customers in tandem as they're trying to work their architecture to make sure that the connectivity that's needed works in their applications. So that's one of the real positives that we have working in this ecosystem, and you're going to see us continue to capitalize on it. And like Heath said, it's included in our run rate. 
Terrence Curtin: When we work here, Joe, we work with our customers on the programs that they're coming out with. And then on the next generation, I would tell you, we do work with our customers on their understanding of that market outlook. But honestly, we're focused on nailing the solution with our customers on what the technical requirements they have. So I would tell you, that's what we focus on. That's the way we invest as we work with our customers.  So from that viewpoint, I think that's always been our mindset. And it's one of the nice things about our model that we get the benefit of working with our customers as they understand the opportunity and the ramps that they expect to hit and how do we need to support that. 
Terrence Curtin: No, sure. I think when you look at pricing, first off, and you see it in the margin this year, we recovered finally the inflation that we had during the mega wave of inflation. And we caught up on that. And our approach always was, was we were covering cost with our customers. When you still look at this year, nothing has changed with what we told you before, we expect pricing to be neutral this year at the TE level.  So yes, we are doing targeted price increases where we have to, where we continue to have material inflation on certain metals. Certainly, we're doing things to make sure where we can be competitive. And I don't think you assume that margins go down on a different pricing environment. So I think you sit there as we look forward, a big element of where pricing goes is going to be around where the material environment is, where's copper, gold, resin trading, the input costs that were the things that we recovered, and they will be the bigger driver of where pricing goes from here. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Saree, and welcome to the call. First off, being the demand environment is cloudy because we have had both with -- and in our Industrial Equipment business, just to take a step back and remind everybody, about 50% of our revenue goes through our channel partners and 50% goes directly to the OEMs. So it is an area where channel partners play a bigger role.  I would say when we look at the end-demand environment, there are pockets where you continue to see strength, that wouldn't surprise you, certainly in the process side. But there's other areas that right now, it is still foggy because we have customers that are working off buffer stock that they built up when they were worried about being able to get component supply as well as our channel partners are doing the same.  So right now, we're in the middle of that destock period. But what we are seeing is we're seeing order patterns start to move sideways. They aren't decelerating. We're seeing that both direct and with our channel partners. And we're also seeing certain regions where we see that work-off occurring. So I think what you're going to have probably for the next couple of quarters, we're still going to have those impacts as that works off. And then as we get into '25, you'll actually see that business get back more in line, growing a little bit above the underlying market of factory automation. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, I do think there's an element that one of the things that we do that even starts before the product is how we work with our customers when they are trying to sit down and do value engineer of how do you get a sub application to a lower cost point. That's very important, Steve, as we move through generations in every part of TE. And that's just not on where does our product cost come in, how do you assemble a car, how do you put the car together, how does that make sure it has the quality? And any time you get into somebody looking at a next generation, and that could be a battery pack, that could be the connectivity on the motor, it could even be a next-generation inlet, so all of those are things that create opportunities where our stickiness and global position play really well. And that we have such a strong position in China, I would tell you, certainly, you have a cost point that is always a better cost point. And how our global teams bring that to other OEMs around the world due to our strong position is something that we get excited about because, I know I say this on this call, probably every other call, automotive is a scale business.  And one of the things that is very important is how does EV scale, how do you bring our technology to do it that helps it scale, and that's the opportunity that we've always been excited about with EVs. And having some of the consumer choices that are being made will also allow our customers to get focused to make sure they're making where their platforms go. So net-net, that's what our engineers like to do, improving the innovation they can bring, but also how do you sit there and make sure how we're making it more productive for the world. 
Terrence Curtin: Twofold. We're probably running about 3 points above production right now. I would say, Colin, in the second quarter, global auto production was negative. So the [ reason there ], we always tell you, don't look at an individual quarter. Next quarter, I think you're going to see a very nice outperformance. And for the year, we expect to be in the 4% to 6% range. But on any quarter, you get into a lot of little things that some quarters will be above the range. I still feel good about the 4% to 6%, though. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So to your point, I'm going to -- I might go down here a little bit on how we look about the commercial transportation because, obviously, that market has 3 major drivers to it. Certainly, the on-road truck and bus, what's happening in agriculture equipment and also construction equipment, they're the 3 big levers. And when you think about that globally and production and our revenue, about half of our revenue is truck and bus.  What we're seeing on truck and bus right now is Americas and Europe, weak. Actually, China and Asia is recovering. So they were weak last year. So what we're actually seeing is very much a China-positive market that we expect will continue; certainly Western World down. And we even said in the call, we expect next quarter will be down a little bit sequentially due to some of these dynamics.  On the ag and the construction side around the world, that is slow everywhere around the world. Certainly, you get into financing rates and things like that, that's a little bit different. And we expect that, that will run through this year. And we are thinking that early next year, we'll get into a more constructive environment than we're in right now. But right now, we think, if you take all of them together, the global market is probably a minus 5% this year, plus or minus a little, and we would think that will get more constructive into '25. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, no, sure. Thanks, Matt. And on energy, what I would say is we're still very constructive on it. I think what you see in our results here is we continue to see the U.S. and Americas very strong. We also see global renewables where we play, and we do utility scale renewables, we do not do residential renewables, we see that strong.  The one pocket where I say we see a little bit of softness is around the utilities in Europe. I do think that's an element of the business that I talked about on my prepared comments that we've been a little bit of where I think utilities are bringing down inventory a little bit. But certainly, with the grid maintenance that everybody is investing in around the world, I think that will return to growth. So we're still constructive on global energy. And our business is very much -- Europe and the United States are the bigger elements of where we play. 
Terrence Curtin: I still think that's the right way to think about it. Certainly, we're going to have cycles. You take a year like this year where we are more flattish than growing at the 4% to 6%, but there will be areas, exactly around the point you made, where you could have some destocking or type effects that may be a headwind 1 year that will come back and be above that in the future. But I do think the 4% to 6% is the right way to think about when we think about the portfolio that's constructive. 
Terrence Curtin: No, thanks, Will. So first off being I think there's an element here when you deal with high speed, the 3 of us all have a very good capability. And when you sit there, we're all different. I mean some of us have different scale than others, but I do think that is the uniqueness. When you're getting to the speed levels of where these chips are going to, GPUs are going to, TPUs are going to, you're dealing with speeds that are very unique. That is a very technical innovation that I think we all do well.  And so I think it is a competitive space between us. I also think that you continually move up the technology curve. And you also have ramps that our customers expect to bring them to life for all, very important to our customers. And that's why we even said earlier to the question that I answered, I expect our share to be similar to what it was in the cloud.  So I think it's very important how we make sure what we do in the connectivity space, really make sure we enable the AI path because we do play an important role in it to really make sure it comes to life. And that's what we get excited about, Will. So it's a great opportunity we have. Certainly, it's a great opportunity for our industry to capitalize on as well. 
