Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $628 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 16.7%, leveraging the strong growth of 6%. GAAP operating income was $558 million and included $65 million of restructuring and other charges and $5 million of acquisition charges. For the full year, I continue to expect the restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven primarily by activity in our Industrial Solutions segment, as we optimize our footprint and make structural improvements in SG&A across the company. This is consistent with what we've talked about in the past. Adjusted EPS of $1.43, up a very strong 15% year-over-year, is driven by sales growth as well as the benefit from currency translation. GAAP EPS was $1.29 for the quarter included restructuring and other charges of $0.13 as well as acquisition related charges of $0.01. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was 16.9%. Looking ahead, we do expect a sequential increase in rates in Q4, resulting in our full year adjusted tax rate in the 18% to 19% range. Longer term, you should continue to view our tax rate at approximately 20%. Now, if I get you to turn to slide 9, adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 32.4%, with year-over-year decline driven primarily by SubCom where Terrence outlined the moving pieces earlier. Given the relative strength of the rest of our portfolio, I'm pleased that we were able to offset SubCom driven margin pressure and maintain our overall adjusted operating margins from 16.7%. In the quarter, cash from operations was a strong $800 million and free cash flow was $504 million. On a year-to-date basis, cash from operations is up 5% versus last year, and year-to-date free cash flow reflects the impact from increased capital investments. As I mentioned last quarter, given the rich pipeline of organic opportunities, we are increasing our capital investment this year to be approximately 6% of sales. And as you know, this investment is for growth and is the highest return on investment for the company. We continue to target mid-teens adjusted ROIC and have seen nice improvement year-over-year in ROIC and I'm pleased with those results. We also returned $382 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And we've included a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. So before I turn this back to Terrence, let me just share our perspective on the trading policy and tariffs, as there are obviously many questions. While some of our products are directly affected by recently implemented U.S. tariffs, only a very small percentage of TE products are actually impacted. Our strategy has always been to manufacture close to our customers to be aligned with our customers' supply chain strategies. Our global position and footprint helps mitigate TE from tariffs impacts. However, for those products that are impacted, we're committed to working closely with our customers to minimize the impact and we are proactively looking at a combination of actions including further optimizing current supply chains, continuing to leverage our global manufacturing footprint and in some cases, implementing surcharges to customers. I would like to reiterate that, as a global company, TE is a proponent of free and open trade, tariffs and restricted trade policies create friction, uncertainty and added cost for businesses engaged in global markets. So we'll provide an update on any future impacts when we issue our fiscal 2019 guidance later this year and give you a sense for any impact that they would have in terms of future year guidance. With that, I'm going to turn it back over to Mr. Curtin.
Heath Mitts: Craig, thanks for the question. Honestly, the improvement that you've seen not just in this quarter, but for the full year outlook for 2018 for our Industrial margins, there is some belt tightening in there, but largely, we're seeing the benefit of the organic growth flow through. And as the businesses, as you know, we got all business units growing in that segment. I would tell you that the charges that we're incurring today relative to restructuring generally have about a two-year payback. Some of these are outside the U.S., which tends to lengthen the payback period as you know. So the restructuring activity and the benefit from those, which we've talked pretty extensively about to all of you, really starts to kick in more in 2019 and much more pointedly in 2020, as some of these big facility moves are completed. So keep in mind that what we've talked externally about is about a 300-basis-point journey on operating margin expansion there. Certainly, we attributed about two-thirds of that towards footprint optimization and about a third of that through the flow through on the growth side. We're seeing the growth side of it now and the restructuring piece is yet to come. But we're pleased with the team's progress there, there's been a real heightened focus.
Heath Mitts: Shawn, this is Heath. There is some typical seasonality specifically in auto that generally makes Q4 a little bit lower than Q3. But generally, as we look at it, our third quarter and our fourth quarter look pretty similar in terms of our outlook. The challenge is in terms of the earnings side is that FX turns on us and goes from being a tailwind to a headwind, and then, tax is significantly higher in the fourth quarter, so the two of those together worth about $0.10 sequentially in terms of the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. Otherwise, when you kind of look around the other businesses, they look pretty similar and we're just battling some of the, I'll say, non-operational pieces and, obviously, some of the things from SubCom that Terrence has already highlighted.
Heath Mitts: William, this is Heath. When we went out with our original guidance for the year, we talked some about what was embedded in our guidance and that was about $0.10 a share of pressure on our earnings relative to commodity inflation. And as you know, we have hedging programs in place and everything, so you don't see a ton of volatility up or down based on the way it kind of smooths into our cost structure. However, your point is valid. There is some pressure out there on some of the commodities, metals and resins, and we're – its impact is – $0.10 is probably grown to closer to $0.12 as you see reflect in our results where we've got productivity programs in place and we're going after it, but there's a little bit of additional headwinds, especially as we exit the year on that. But the team is focused. We've got a world-class supply chain organization that's going after it and challenging some of those things. And where we do have more of those types of pressures that we have to realize, certainly, our commercial teams are in sync on that relative to price increases. And you would expect price seem to stay pretty similar, but we have opportunities to raise price, especially through our distribution channel and those types of things. Those are proactively being done, some of it in context of the commodities inflation, the input side. And then, onboard, we have direct relationships. Certainly, those are fluid dialogues, but it's not lost on our customers either in terms of how we recover there and/or sharing some of the pinch points, but we're geared up pretty well to handle these types of pieces. And as we get closer to 2019, William, what I would say is certainly, we'll quantify that again. But you shouldn't expect us to be using this as a major excuse, because we're going to be ramping up our material sourcing programs as well to offset some of those pressures. But I appreciate the question.
Heath Mitts: Deepa, I appreciate the question. This is Heath. If you're looking at our operating expenses in general, whether that's SG&A, a component of that, or in total, certainly, we're tightening the belt. And we've talked about some of the activity that we've done to reduce structurally our SG&A. That still is in place and that will continue forward as we're looking at a lot of different opportunities and there's a high focus on that. Having said that, I think the quarter came in a little bit lighter than what I thought. I would look at it more on a full year basis and the relative improvement that we're targeting. We've talked about taking a full 100-and-change basis points out of our operating expense structure. Certainly, we're ahead of that in the quarter, but I'd say that when you look at a more normal – full year normalized basis, where that's still part of the journey.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Deepa. And it's a fair question. We're obviously working it real time. If you look at the basket of currencies that we have, you've got to kind of look at when those kicked in in terms of the weakening and the strengthening dollar against that basket. Certainly, at this point, it turns into a year-over-year headwind in our fourth quarter, which is the quarter we're sitting in today. And then, as we get into next year, it has a little bit less of a pointed impact at today's rates in our early part of fiscal 2019. And then it starts to kick in as a much more pointed headwind in the latter part of our second and third quarter. Again, as rates get today, we're not economists, we're not trying to predict what the dollar is going to do. But we'll quantify that as part of the guidance. I would tell you though that it will be a net headwind for the full year 2019. We are not at the point to quantify that externally yet though, but – and we'll keep an eye on what the dollar does.
Heath Mitts: Well, Amit, good question. The dollars that you see us incurring now relative to restructuring are for things that have been announced in terms of facility consolidations largely and there's still a couple of more of those to come that you would expect to see in our fourth quarter results and into the early part of 2019. However, just because those are announced and we reported the charge doesn't mean that the costs come out instantaneously. Those tend to be more on an operational timeline that continues to support our customers and everything else in those types of transitions. So it can be a couple of years depending upon where the facilities are. And I would tell you that we're still targeting the mid to high teens margin for the segment, similar to what we talked about at our Analyst Day, but it's going to take us a couple of years to get there. 2019 actually is quite a big year operationally for our Industrial segment as some of these announced restructuring programs and the site consolidations are being worked real time. Some of that is captured in the charge that we took, largely though that's around severance costs and so forth, there are any asset impairments. And then, there is real operational costs that are rolled through our results in 2019 relative to parallel production and then these types of things in terms of move costs. So I wouldn't want to oversell that you're going to see another 100-basis-point improvement in 2019 in Industrial, but I do think we'll continue to push the peanut forward on that. And then, if you get into certainly 2020 when some of these sites officially go offline, you'll see a more pointed impact.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thank you for your question. And as you all know that, while it's a good question, it's not a new question. Our SubCom business is a unique asset that I've always told you about. While it's a good business, it is a business that is unique. So it's a business we feel, as long as we own it, we have to operate it. But it is something we always look at if there were offers on it. Clearly, we've said this for a long time, there hasn't been. But as we own it, it needs to be run. And when you look at this year, we expected the business to be down overall, going from a very healthy level of $1 billion. And we told you earlier $700 million to $800 million. Certainly it's at the low end of that range. We feel good about the cycle that we're in. I mean, it is a healthy cycle, and you see that in our backlog. But clearly, the disappointment this year in that business is the program delay that we teed up early in the year that is impacting our margin. It's also slowed things down. We do expect that program to wrap up in 2019. And we feel, as we go forward, it will be performing more like it has performed in the past than it is this year. So feel good about where the business is positioned to where it is in the cycle. Certainly, this program delay that we've had around new technology has created a headwind that I'm very proud that the rest of the business has been able to make up for, as we've had margin expansion in both Transportation and a strong step that Heath talked about to the prior question. So we'll continue to work through it. We always look at alternatives for SubCom, but I've been saying that since I've been CFO here for 10 years. So thanks for the question.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thank you for your question. And when we look at it, as we just shared with you back in our Investor Day, we think long-term that 4% to 6% is right above production. When you look at this quarter, production was a little bit stronger this quarter. It was up about 400 basis points in the quarter, and we grew about 10% in automotive. I think the key is we continue to invest in the design wins that we have. You're going to continue to see and even if we think about like next year, we still view the world is going to have about a 2% production environment. So when you sit there and you think about that 2% production environment similar to this year, I think you would be in the high single-digits in that type of production environment based upon the momentum we have in the design wins and that we're investing behind. So when we look at it, we feel the momentum we have, not only from what we do and the wins we have, but also where we're globally positioned to capitalize for any little moves that happen on global production. It's one of the great things about our businesses, our global deployment and our customer breadth.
Terrence R. Curtin: So a couple of things. The backlog is strong as I've mentioned, around $1 billion. So I think when you look at next year, I think it's fair to say to your assumption, it looks a lot like this year at the top line. And what we expect that you'll see is as this program works off, it is a program that will work off in 2019, you will get the margin lift. And I think you need to think about it as the Communications segment. And you'll see segment margin to move up from what are right now sub-12% back up into the mid-teens that we've talked to you about for the segment. And you'll see that in the next year.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, thanks, Wamsi. I guess, first of all, I want to be clear. Our margin in Transportation came in where we expected. So I don't believe it was a surprise to us where the margin came in at. And we do expect for the year it'll be at that 20%, which we've always told you plus or minus 1 point where it would be. So I feel actually good about the margin in the business. There are investments that we've talked to you about. Heath talked about CapEx increasing up to 6%, that's primarily in our Transportation business and, clearly, when we spend capital, that goes in to gross margin. But I want to go back maybe to the question that was asked earlier. The organic engine that we've had in automotive is very significant. Certainly, we talk about it in percentages, but just to frame it a little bit, we grew organically our Transportation business by $700 million last year. We're doing it by $800 million this year. And that's really a north of 20% increase in that one business over the past two years, if you really go back. And we are, having to make sure we keep up with those type of demand profiles, and also putting the capacity in for the pipelines we have. So we have increased up CapEx, we have increased up R&D and, now, you'll see that in quarters, you'll have timing off a little bit, but we are completely committed to the 20% plus or minus, and we're going to continue to make the investments for what is the best return which is organic growth, and we've been doing that and we're going to continue to highlight that for you. But thank you for the question.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. When you look at it, Amit, thanks for the question, and I think it's very similar to what we've been telling you. What's great is the amount I'm talking about is an automotive online. So we also – you saw on the growth outside of automotive and sensors was very strong as well. But in automotive, you know how these programs come in. You start winning them, they take two, three years to actually start from production and they ramp, and so, as we told you back at Investor Day is we do expect you're going to start seeing double-digit growth in our automotive as these layer in. They will layer in over time. Certainly, programs ramp over time. And, in many ways, it supports how we're going to get north of $5 per vehicle in sensor content that we talked to you about. So I think the momentum that we've had just continues to be that the pipeline that we built, the technologies that we acquired with MEAS are we're able to get to our commercial teams and really make sure we're creating value and that's layering in and I feel very good about the momentum to really make sure of that sensors in automotive, you're going to continue to see nice growth as these things come into production and get built to our customers.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, Jim, thanks for the question. And to give some example, so number one, we are not a steel user. As you all know, we start from base metals, particularly copper and gold, and certainly, resins that we use and certainly, that's what our engineers use as a lot of our basic building blocks. So on the input costs while we have a little bit of tariffs, it's not that big. Really, the discussions we have with our customers and you know our model. Our model is to design close to our customers, and then, be aligned to their supply chain. So in regard to where we serve our customer directly, there is lots of discussions around supply chain. Do we need to be moving some of production to certain parts to as they look at their supply chain, as well as just the whole logistics flow, because there are logistic flows that I think people are trying to understand is there a way to work the tariffs that away. So they are real live discussion. As you know, it's very fluid. In areas where it is unavoidable, then we have tariffs or things that we go through our channel partners, there will be surcharges for tariffs that we cannot mitigate through manufacturing moves or supply chain moves. And that will be a surcharge, if we would do out or it's unavoidable. So that's where it is right now. As you can imagine, with somebody that sells more than 500,000 discrete SKUs, it is very tactical right now. It's very much a lot of engagement with our customers, which I feel very fortunate with our closed business model with our customers. We're going to work with them to make sure that they can stay competitive and if we have to move some things around for the long-term, we will. So, thanks, Jim.
Terrence R. Curtin: So we've not seen any rescheduling. Clearly, there is shortages in certain areas. Capacity is sold out. We've not seen any impact and you can see that in our orders, we've not seen demand impacts. As we told you before, our lead time overall has remained relatively stable, but we do have some pockets instead of product categories that we are extended just due to how the demand has increased. But I would say that's a minor part of our business, but we have not seen any demand changes where our customers told us, because they can't get a capacitor or another type of passive that they want us to stop shipping or slowdown. We have not seen that in any material way.
Terrence R. Curtin: No, Mark. Mark, let me add some color and thanks for your question. The difference between 90 basis points and the 50 basis points is really – so our SubCom business had a great quarter last third quarter. It had $270 million of revenue. So that 90 basis points I referenced was really a year-over-year reference of what it did in TE's margin year-over-year. So that's what that 90 basis points is. The 50 basis points, you're right, that's the program delay impact that we've been seeing at the total company level what the impact has been. So that 90 basis points is very high volume last year, certainly, good flow through on it, just getting the volume more normalized, but the 50 basis points is correct on the program delay. On linearity, I think when you look at it, it's going to be as the program wraps up, and that program will wrap up. And what you'll have is as that program wraps up, you'll see margin increase and work its way up back to where we expect the segment to be, and that'll be through 2019.
Terrence R. Curtin: No, actually, Sherri, thanks for the question. Honestly, I don't see that we're seeing deceleration. I think one of the things – while our organic growth has changed, I think one of the things is SubCom also had a very strong fourth quarter last year as well as third [quarter]. You really take our organic growth without SubCom, we would have told you 9% this quarter instead of 6% and 8% in the fourth quarter versus 5%. So we will still have SubCom having a strong fourth quarter last year. So when we look across and it goes back to my order activity, what we see is while auto production has been bouncing around 2%, the content wins that we see clearly are staying where they're at. Markets that we see continuing to have very strong momentum in addition to auto. Sensors we talked about during the call, as well as commercial aerospace, defense, medical, we really see strength in those markets. And certainly, in where we are affected by the cloud, like our data and devices, we continue to see strong momentum, and we would expect that to continue. I think the markets we continually talk to you about, that we would say the lead, they have to get to a more normalized growth. Certainly, our industrial transportation business, our appliance business and our industrial factory automation business looks like it's getting there sort of where we are. You saw the growth this quarter, it's good. So they're the only three that when we look at and we say, we're waiting for them to get to more normalized growth, because we are benefiting from some supply chain bump-ups. And I think as we look going forward, we expect they'll get to a more normalized growth pattern. But net-net, I would say it's very healthy, you saw it in the book-to-bill, you saw it in our order rates being double-digit, you saw the broad based nature of it. That, it's still a very constructive economic environment, but in some of our businesses, we're not going to grow 20% a year for four years. It has to normalize.
Terrence R. Curtin: No, we really didn't see an impact because of our global position, so no different than we told you throughout the year, 2% auto production. And while certain customers may have had some things they talked about, our revenue has been staying pretty steady. And if you look at us operationally, both versus even 90 days ago, our Transportation top line is going to be pretty similar for 2018 that we told you 90 days ago. So and it's broad-based, it's broad-based across regions. So I feel very good about where we position ourselves. Certainly, we have something that's unique with the content and where we play both into the connected car and the electric vehicle trends, not everybody in the supply base has that opportunity. So maybe they had some of those impacts. But I feel the content momentum we've had as well as our global position always gives us an opportunity to be isolated from one-off small events.
Terrence R. Curtin: No, Shawn. Thanks for the question. I think like we shared with you, what Jeanie (56:20) talked to you back in the fall, it is an expensive environment and it's been an expensive environment. I don't think that's changed. It hasn't decreased from where we've been. I think the key when you think about TE is how we've talked to you about where bolt-ons play in and where we – they kind of add strategic value. And I think our strategy is very – has stayed consistent as well as how do we make sure that we get return for our owners from ROIC over time. So net-net, I would say the environment still is frothy. And I think we're staying disciplined during that environment, because we have something I think is pretty special in the organic growth opportunities we have. So I don't feel we need to be compelled to do something like we told you on Investor Day as to how do we continue to strengthen our portfolio long-term and create value for the investors. So I think it is a balance with organic first, inorganic supporting it. And we're going to be looking at how we invest our incremental dollars or free cash flow. And like Heath and I've been talking about, we have taken it up on the organic side here this year to really make sure we get the organic opportunities which is the best return.
