Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. I will now give the third quarter outlook, talk a little bit about the full year outlook, and recap what we’ve just said and then we will open up the Q&A. For the third quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3 billion to $3.1 billion, which is up 20% to 24% year-over-year and 1% to 5% sequentially. Excluded the expected decline in our Sub Comm segment, our year-over-year organic growth should be 30% to 34% and 47% sequentially due to the increased strength in our networks solution and specialty products segments. Adjusted operating income is expected to be in the range of $395 million to $420 million compared to $410 million in Q2. The Q3 operating margin should be in the range of 13.2% to 13.6% and this is a slight decline from where we are in Q2 driven by the Sub Comm margin decline which we would expect was very high, unusually high in Q2. Our Q3 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be $0.61 to $0.65. At this time we are also reintroducing a full year outlook. Sales are expected to be in the range of $11.8 billion to $12 billion for our full fiscal year ‘10 which is 15% to 17% growth versus the prior year and up 22% to 24% excluding Sub Comm and this translates into full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations which are expected to be in the range of $2.32 to $2.40 compared to $0.83 last year. So just to wrap up, we really feel we had a good first half, clearly economic conditions improved during the first half and we’re encouraged by our order rates over the last quarter as well as the first month of this quarter, (inaudible) we are equally feeling good about is the strong execution. If you comparer us to when we launched three years ago we have a much more focused business portfolio and much more efficient manufacturing footprint which we reduced by 33% in that time. And we’re also better in the good old faction area of productivity, this has enabled us to improve gross margins at a 31% plus range and it’s clearly demonstrating better operating leverage in the company, which was of the highest priorities for us as we separated. Cash flows will continue to be strong as we generate in excess of $1.2 billion this year. Stronger earnings, better management of our capital and continued improvement in working capital management. And then as we talked about a year ago when was business was difficult, we felt the best thing to do is to structure the business, take costs out to structure the business around to $12 billion revenue level that we generate 12% adjusted operating income. I think that’s turned out to work out pretty well for us and we’re now running at about 13% at the $12 million revenue level. And I feel very confidence that we have line of faith for 15% at a $14 million revenue level. And the way to think about that is, the model would look like this, gross margins in the 32% range R&D in the 5% of sales range, SG&A in the 12% of sales range and I would also translate to net income in the 10 plus percent of sales range and return on invested capital all in including good will at 20% plus. So I think we’ve got to key it up, we have to continue to execute, but we feel like all the work of the past three years has really started to kick in. And then the last point, I think we’re maintaining the right balance of keeping our strategic option open, options open in returning cash to share holder, as Terrence explained, we turned over 200 million, but I think as we’ve consistently said our priority is to continue to strengthen the company strategically. We took a step to strengthen our Touch business last quarter, and it’s still early -- with that acquisition of course, but we’re excited about the prospects in the next couple of years and we are building an asset pipeline much more active than we’ve been here in the last three years, but then I assure you that we’re very thoughtful about the what we are going to do with that pipeline and how we are going to approach it. Well, with that, a good quarter and let’s open it up for questions.
Tom Lynch: The normal split for our business is about 80% direct, 20% channel and what we considered direct is when we design in with the end customer, so in automotive that could be a product that ultimately goes through a tier 1, but we’re getting design win by the end customer. And I would say to the second part of your question, we’re not seeing any material difference in the buy rates from either category of the market.
Tom Lynch: I mean we have been increasing OpEx in our factories in our supply chain, but we’re covering that with productivity. So there is no question that we’re adding more people back to respond to the increase in demand and all the supplies and everything that go with that. So, that is reflected in the current results from a capacity point of view our bricks and mortar we’re planning good, absolute manufacturing capacity, I think we’re fine at the capital investment levels that Terrence talked about in the 4% to 4.5% range. And the most variable part of our capital spending is the tooling that we spend, which is that half of our capital spending related to new program. So as we win new program that’s the piece that varies the most. But we don’t -- I would say, we don’t feel pinched on capacity, where there's pinch points and there are still some, that is less than a quarter ago, it’s more the expanded supply chain of material. We are not delivering in some cases the (inaudible) of life tends to be the supply chain more that our fewer manufacturing capacity.
Tom Lynch: Let me, if I forgot one of those, remind me. If you start with the where the gross margin level is, as Terrence pointed out, a few benefits, one related to execution, one related to business mix in the quarter, but the 31% we feel very good about. We have a wide range of businesses and products all related around connectivity and 31% is pretty healthier margins. And think about 31% for the balance of this year, I mean we don’t feel we’re limited 31 or 32 necessarily, but we got to take one step at time to improve them. In terms of headwinds, baked into our second half is some slight copper headwinds, copper at 335 is slightly higher than what it costs us in the first half of the year where we benefited from fixed purchases we made, but fundamentally the combination of our productive programs and what I would call selective price increases, because on this business really every business close that we have an opportunity to bid on, you have to factor in really we want to be in price. But having said that, pricing has been pretty stable all year, I haven’t seen really much of a material change. We’re looking even where copper is at some selective increasing in the second half to offset that.
Tom Lynch: The big one for us of course is automotive, that’s by far the biggest piece of our business that affected by that and we see that getting inline next quarter. What you really start to look at where production and the industry, the industry right now is calling as Terrence mentioned about 68 million vehicles produced around the world and about 68 million sold around the world in our fiscal year 2010. So we had less inventory related replenishment benefit in Q2 and that pretty much is done by Q3. We have a little dip in automotive in Q4, but that’s the model changeover for lot of the company. So that’s the typical seasonality. If you look at the rest of our consumer businesses, consumer electronics, handset were important to relatively small. I think in PC, largely through that cycle already and industrial wasn’t much of that to begin with and again smaller pieces of market in automotive, but there wasn’t so much, so I’d say, it largely behind of them.
Tom Lynch: On Sub Comm, as you know we came off with a couple of really big years $1 billion plus years, which had several two really large contract, one over a $0.5 billion and one over $300 million. There continues to be a fair amount of activity, I think there are some that are taking longer because of funding. I think we’re confident that eventually happen that the projects tend to be more in the $100 million to $200 million range. I think in a sense the wildcard is the visibility out beyond six months. I mean we know what our backlog is, but typically the way the business works as the folks are deciding to build a network, while they’re in that process of deciding and gathering their funding in their business plan that is very little bit visibility around that for their competitive reasons. Once they decide, they want to go forward that’s when they pull companies like ourselves and to give them a bit on how to do it. So these are big major strategic investments, we don’t typically have year or two year visibility to a pipeline. We tend to see it when our folks have decided. They’re going to do something for sure and then they start to bidding process with us. If you go back over the last three years, I think generally there’s been more activity than we have expected. Again due to the visibility and I think we all know that’s really due to sort of the data anytime, anywhere and data rich transmissions, more video, YouTube, et cetera. So our focus is to make sure we have the right balance of capacity and that we can capitalize on most of the upside and that we ensure in the event of significant downside. We’re still profitable and better than cost of capital and that model has been working pretty well for us for the last four years.
Tom Lynch: Shawn, we talked about a different automotive run rate, I assume in the different growth rates in the region.
Tom Lynch: I‘d say it’s still in that 73, 74 million unit range. So that’s a little bit, that’s a little bit better, I mean that’s happening faster as Terrence said and plus our operating leverages is a little bit better in that business then where we start we would be six months ago, so that’s a combination and then we’re doing extremely well in the emerging markets and automotive and there’s nice leverage there as well. In terms of the late cycle businesses, I’m not counting on anything extraordinary, but accounting on them getting back to a growth our profile in second half of the year that’s 10% second half versus first half and then getting into their portion of the recovery for SPGA network, but I would say that what’s really given up the confidence to go between $14 billion and $15 billion revenue say it’s going to be around $14 billion, as we’re getting the productivity and we’re especially getting it in Electronic Components.
Tom Lynch: Sure, I would say starting with Asia, as we alluded to this incredible growth in China, two weeks ago I’ve visited one of the local Chinese OEMs in a small town of 3.5 million people, four hours from Shanghai and 12 years ago they were starting their business and now they are. If they were producing in the U.S. that be number three. So its happening the infrastructure is being built quickly over there that drive, that four hour drive was on a six-lane divided highway, so it’s moving quickly and people want to own cars. Japan not as a consuming country for say, but as a manufacturer of mobiles, is picking up again, so the experts are picking up as well as pent up demand in Japan. So Asia as a whole is really solid up 25% solid double-digit growth for us right now. Europe has been solid growth for us and I think we expect that especially Europe and U.S. to go more into the seasonal slowdown in Q4, but I think you’ve heard the numbers recently as companies like Todd, where sales were strong, and most folks are attributing it so there is it. People are feeling better and there is pent up demand, so I’d say, we fell things are going to start leveling off around this 17 million for the next couple of quarters, but that’s a pretty robust level compared to where we thought would be six months ago.
Tom Lynch: Well, I wish I knew. I hope they are, but I think it’s still too early to tell. I would say, the indicators are positive that you wouldn’t be unrealistic to think about a normal growth profile next year for vehicle production and for our business in relation to that, but we don’t have any unique view beyond the next two quarters.
Tom Lynch: We also didn’t have China, like we do today and we also didn’t have to move to hybrid electric automobiles probably
Tom Lynch: When you look at, the impact on the quarter was nil, I mean, we’ll just take that first. Secondly when you look at it, we have been saying that, as the business came back and as we wanted to make sure we were serving our customer, we would be getting back into that. As you model it, I think you have to model about where that from a metric perspective, certainly I’ll move with volumes we do expected to say and where is that right now.
Tom Lynch: What I’ve mentioned during the call is consistent with what we’ve been talking about us the part of the major program volumes down, there’s nothing new…
Tom Lynch: I think sure the way to think about our capital allocation is the dividend first, at least to say the debt level first, but that's behind us. The dividend first, strategic moves to strengthen the company and not that we are ruling anything out, but as we’ve said often I believe that for the right opportunities we’d like to do that in networks in our specialty products business. And then to the extent that those opportunities don't present themselves or they don't percent themselves on a timely basis. We would return capital to shareholders. We have about 440 million left on the current buyback and so as Terrence said, absent anything that we’ll take priority over that, you can expect that to happen over the balance of the year. But clearly, we have been spending a lot more focus over the last year building the pipeline for two years before that, no question on priority was to get the business focused and the structure very sound, so that we could grow faster organically. I am very encouraged about the organic opportunities in the company. And I mentioned one big one I mentioned in China automotive, but we fell there's a number of allowance there that remains our top priority. But with the cash level we have we're clearly looking at opportunities in our pipeline. I think we would also be fair to say that we’ll probably going to be around the current cash level, we wouldn't build that much more. So that in conjunction with 440 less on the buyback authorization from last year. How I would model at [inaudible] for now.
Tom Lynch: I think it's more, it's definitely more strength in the market and any particular design win I mean we’re having success there, but that’s the very fragmented business. So that's very customized its not a business were you introduced a platform and you'll get hundreds and millions of dollars of revenue from it, it tends to be kind of the one of customized business and its coming back as people are buying capital equipment again. So that's the big driver.
Terrence Curtin: Sorry Matt, when you look at that remember we do get some benefit out of our Sub Comm business being 20 plus percent earnings and as we’ve said all along, when it gets into where we guided that $600 million to $700 million next year, it should be in the lower teens. So you do need to adjust out for that. You would get in off that 13 plus rates that we’ve got for rest of the year, more of a high 20% fall through rates than where you quoted.
Terrence Curtin: Amitabh, it’s Terrence, let me take that. Where we have been is, if you look at quarter one and quarter two, car production including light vehicles that we put in [hours] was around 17.5 million vehicles built on the plan in the past two quarters. We do see a slight sequential down tick into the June quarter down to around 17 million vehicles and then we do expect to get into what is typical automotive seasonality down about 5% in production in quarter four. And as a mentioned on the call, we view that this protocol is when we’ll get hooked completely back again with production is our expectation now. For the year that equates to those numbers, equate to about $68 million build level and current use of next year is more around low 70s, 71 million is where we see it. So it is coming back faster than where we talked before. Yeah, we certainly, I have said 73 which was the ’08 level more like a 12, it looks like we could be getting it earlier in 12 from a production perspective.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at our guidance, I think the right way to think about from what Tom, and I mentioned is, we did benefit from a lower tax rate this quarter versus the next quarter’s guidance which is about $0.2 difference. SG&A that I talked about going down will add about a penny or two and then the volume benefit really offsets the gross margin coming down a little bit. That's really how you get to the midpoint of our guidance. From a share count perspective just how it works, it will come down little bit probably not to the full amount that you mentioned just due to how the accounting guys make the average. But we are anticipating to use right now the rest of your authorizations through the end of the year.
Terrence Curtin: Let me take your outlook question and then I’ll ask Tom to talk about Sub Comm. When you look at it sequentially, the tax impact having a 23% tax rate, which we had a quarter 2 to the 26 is actually a $0.02 differential Jim. So when you look at that that is an element that is a drag. The other element that we had that we talked about was the Subsea over earning from a gross margin what it did on the rates, so with the gross margin coming from 32 to 31 that is about $0.04 negative. Offsetting those negatives, when you think about it is the volume impact that you talk about, which would have offsets the gross margin slight down draft and then the other benefit we have is SG&A coming down by $15 million, which is a couple of cents. So when you look at those, there’s two negatives, gross margin coming down, tax going up slightly and then the positives are the volumes as well as the SG&A benefit that we talk will also be coming down. Tom will talk about Sub Comm.
Terrence Curtin: I think the main thing is the execution is happening. We were confident that we would get through things like the restructuring, but when you’re taking that much off line and moving in someplace also it’s a bit of risk, a clean up of the portfolio has certainly been a major contributor. I think we’re better at pricing from values than we were towards the years ago and we’re getting the leverage in the Electronic Components segment. I think if I’d have to pick one thing, the business is there really done an excellent job of getting the cost out and as the business comes back and the revenue ramps managing extremely effectively through productivity that these groups have been working on for a three years now. We’re much more protective than we were. So I think that’s the combination of those things, but I had to say hey, which exceeded your expectation Shawn, and most if it’s the productivity we’re getting in the day-to-day running of the business. That contributes most of that point improvement, the 13 and 12 that’s now given up the confidence to talk about 15 and 14.
Terrence Curtin: Brian, to give you may be to add to what Tom said, if you look at the 68 million vehicles we quoted, that’s up about 20% versus ‘09 and certainly Asia overall is up almost 30% in that, but China certainly out earning Japan and Korea. Certainly, we have the rebound in North America from our production, we see North America production to be up 30% this year, and then EMEA is up low double-digits it’s around 12% from a production levels, just sort of pitch into some of the numbers.
Terrence Curtin: Yes Brian, there’s been no cycle like this in the automotive industry history, so typically and then we talked about it before. The auto typically gets to pre-recessionary bills. We talked that about four years after. So we never had anything as deep as what we went through last year. So certainly every thing that we’re seeing does feel quicker, but to Tom’s point there’s never been a cycle where we seen, what we went through last year, but it is trending quicker based upon what we see in the short-term. 
Terrence Curtin: To that point, I think if you get away from what do we think the numbers are going to be in the next year is hard to call, we love the fundamental. I mean we love the fundamental that half the world have been driving for a few years really and electronics is going to continue proliferate and you look at these cards that have been made by the Chinese OEMs. I mean they are not low content cars, they are not European car content average, but content moving up, people like features and they decided to buy a car they typically want a several of the features then you lay in on top of that hybrid vehicle, electric vehicle, electronic content goes up, that benefits us. So we think the fundamental in the business are really, really good overtime and of course they’re good right now as we’re in the recovery page. 
Terrence Curtin: If we love anybody without impression, we loved you with a wrong impression. I would say just the opposite. Last year, as I think we told everybody was the peak of the restructuring it’s comedown, and we executed that plan a little ahead of plan, so we’re getting close so where think we need to be given where the outlook of the businesses that’s always going to be fine-tuning in the business like this. I think about this well passed the peak of restructuring and no big new restructuring programs to be announced.
