Heath Mitts: Well, thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 9, where I will provide more details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $240 million with an adjusted operating margin of 9.4%, adjusted EPS was $0.59. GAAP operating income was $134 million and included $98 million of restructuring and other charges and $8 million of acquisition charges. We expect restructuring charges to be approximately $250 million for this fiscal year similar to last year. GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.18 for the quarter and included a non- cash tax related charge of $0.51 related to an increase for our valuation allowance for certain non-U.S. deferred tax assets. We also had restructuring and acquisition and other charges of $0.25. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was 15.9%. For Q4, we expect a tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Importantly, we expect our tax rate to continue to stay well below our reported ETR for the full year. Turning to Slide 10; sales of $2.5 billion were down 25% year-over-year on both reported and organic basis. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $35 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 9.4% and as Terrence mentioned, I am pleased with our overall performance, especially given the over 40% sales drop in our auto business in the quarter. We continue to execute on footprint consolidation plans and pursue additional opportunities to drive cost reduction. We remain committed to our margin expansion goals and we expect volume growth combined with our restructuring plans to drive adjusted operating margins in transportation to 20%, industrial into the high-teens and communications consistently in the mid-teens. In the quarter, cash from continued operations was $380 million. Free cash flow was $280 million for the quarter and year-to-date free cash flow was $834 million. For this fiscal year, we expect free cash flow to be above $1 billion. In the quarter, we returned $241 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and just as we noted last quarter, we will continue to thoughtfully evaluate the buyback program as we see market conditions evolve. I now want to give you an update from an operational perspective. We are currently operating all of our factories around the world. As Terrence mentioned, our manufacturing resiliency has enabled us to support our customers' demand through a volatile supply-chain environment. Our inventory position increased in the quarter, which helped us meet customer commitments but we do expect to reduce our inventory levels going forward normalizing to the demand environment. Reinforcing our comments from last quarter, we are in a strong liquidity position with approximately $2 billion available to have a strong balance sheet. This allows us to maintain a balanced capital strategy, returning capital to shareholders, while continuing to invest to support our growth opportunities. Now please turn to Slide 11 to summarize how we are thinking about the fourth quarter based on everything we've discussed so far today. For Q4, we are expecting sales to grow approximately 10% from Q3 with sequential improvement driven by auto. As we mentioned earlier, we are expecting approximately 35% fall-through to adjusted operating income on that sequential volume growth. In terms of market, we are expecting global auto production to increase from approximately 12 million vehicles in our fiscal Q3 to approximately 17 million in our fiscal Q4. We believe this is supported by the production ramps of our customers along with the appropriate levels of dealer inventory in China and North America. As we discussed throughout the call, our portfolio is well balanced to benefit from several secular trends across our business including content growth. While this will be a gradual recovery, as Terrence noted earlier, we do expect revenue growth and margin and EPS expansion as demand returns. So while the demand environment continues to be dynamic, we are pleased with our operations resiliency as well as our ability to keep employees safe while continuing to serve our customers during this challenging time. We have a solid balance sheet, ample liquidity and solid free cash flow, which enables us to maintain a balanced capital strategy and we will continue to invest in growth opportunities across our business. I'm also very confident that this will enable us to emerge stronger and more profitable when markets do return to growth. So with that, Sujal, let's open it up for questions.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Amit. This is Heath, and good morning. Your math is correct on the decrementals in terms of the magnitude of the sales drop in our fiscal third quarter. It was about $650 million and clearly the guidance, if you will, here in terms of our directional sequential move up 10% is implies something closer to $250 million or so on the way back up sequentially. So part of it is just the magnitude of the revenue drop versus the smaller initial rebound. The other thing is, and keep in mind I mentioned in my prepared comments, that we will be reducing inventory in the quarter and that does have some effect as we speak about the flow through math on how the handles works through our absorption. So thank you for the question.
Heath Mitts: Yes. And Steve, I appreciate the question. The industrial footprint -- we talked about really going back to a couple -- three years ago in terms of that journey that we're on and the number of facilities where they are and everything, that is unchanged. We are executing along that plan. I will say that we're still a couple of years away and partly is because of some of the COVID driven slowdown, particularly in the commercial aerospace, where we're not expecting a recovery any time soon. And that does avail us opportunity to continue to streamline that footprint. So we're still a couple of years away but you'll see incremental improvements along the way like I believe you already have. So I think the next couple of years are going to continue to be very busy both on the transportation side and on the industrial side with some of the activity that's underway.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Mark. And I'll take that question, this is Heath. We made a conscious decision in certain parts of the business when things really started getting, I'll say, choppy or dynamic here back in the spring, that our customers are -- which are front and center in our inventory discussions, they were still working through exactly what their production plans look like. Some were thinking a shorter-term shutdown, which then evolved to a longer term shut down. Some were moving production in different places, there was obviously an opportunity for us to make sure we were there with them and we made the conscious decision to hold a bit more inventory in different parts of the world in different end markets to make sure we were there. Now, as we see a little bit more stability in the order pattern and a little bit more consistency week-to-week, it does avail an opportunity for us to, I'll say, more normalize. Now, you are absolutely right. There are some buffer builds associated with factory moves but some of that was underway here, not just starting to hear in those past quarters, some of that has been underway for a while, so that's already built into our assumption set and we'll continue to manage it along the lines of what we see out there with demand patterns. But I see an opportunity in the quarter to reduce it and we'll execute on that but if we need to make decisions otherwise as the quarter progresses, we will. It's all tied to how we think about the customers' order pattern and the confidence that we can have coming from their moves.
Heath Mitts: Well, I mean, our sequential flow through -- if you go back over time, right in a, I'll say, more normalized environment, which we certainly view those days a bit more favorably but we would -- can kind of say, we -- our flow through would be consistently around 25% year-over-year on that kind of math. Sequential flow through though can be a bit more dynamic because your cost structure, every 90 days, doesn't move as much as it might year-over-year. Now we have taken a lot of cost out, we have a lot more cost that is going to continue to come out. That has the benefit for us of simply reducing our fixed cost base as we consolidate plants and so forth. And so, coming out of this, I would hope that our flow through would obviously improve versus maybe, normalized times if you go back over the last couple of years. At the same time, we're continuing to make some investments to grow with our customers as they recover but right now, I feel like the moves that we're making will have a significant impact on our fixed cost structure particularly, in our Industrial and in our transportation businesses. And we've taken charges over the last two years of about $500 million to enable that. Now some of that's because many of these plants were outside the U.S. and tend to have more expensive restructuring cost to do so but the long-term strategy is worth the cost to us. So it will improve versus that 25%. I can't tell you exactly when because some of that's going to be dependent upon -- a lot of that will be dependent upon where revenue comes back to.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi. So let me spend a little bit more time on orders, expand on what I said. So first off, one of the things that I think has been unique about this downturn has been production was shut off even when there was still demand and that's very different than any other downturn. And our orders in the quarter and you can see on the order slide I went through, the $2.4 billion and even our book-to-bill was very light in the quarter because of the sharp decline in orders we saw in April in the western world. And we saw Asia and China orders and China they bounced back. In other markets like Japan and Korea they are still recovering but didn't go down as deep as certainly Europe and North America did. So when you think about the shape that we've seen and what we're working with our customers on especially, in Transportation, you saw as they were thinking about ramping improvement in May -- improvement in June and as we've shared during the call you had -- we have 1.05 book-to-bill in July and I think one of the keys when you think about a book-to-bill, there is a numerator and there is a denominator and the denominator is also strong. So it gives us the confidence around where we're telling you we think sales are going to be, even though we continue to be in a very volatile environment. I think when you think about and let's keep it to transportation first, how is production ramping. We do see production getting back to 17 million units, which is pretty consistent with where production was in the second quarter but it's still below the 21 million units. So it's nice to see our customers ramp. If you take places like North America and China, dealer inventories look in line because production was shut down so abruptly and demand continued albeit at a lower level. So they're the things we're going to continue to be watching as we move forward and what has been nice outside of transportation, while there's puts and takes like we covered both Heath and I, while there's strength in some markets it's also offsetting some markets that are weak like Comair and I think that demonstrates how we improve the portfolio over our time since the last crisis. So we are encouraged by where the orders have been tracking to but certainly, it is a continually environment that's impacted by COVID that I think we do believe will continue to be a gradual recovery as I said, don't think it'll be bouncing back to 21 million vehicles immediately, but we have to see how the world heals and how the economy heals.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Thanks, Craig, for the question. So a couple of things. One of the things that is a real positive that we talked about in the prepared comments was, were our contents holding in? And let's face it, the contents holding in very strong and we have the separation and it is due to the progress in EV. And we're getting the benefit of -- while electric vehicles are up 12%, you're seeing that in the content and you see that year-to-date. When you -- and I think the story around content is still the same for us. It's going to be 4% to 6% over time. We're proving it through the cycle, which I think is one of the things that I think we're going to prove to you through a down cycle here that, that content story is real. And the other thing that I would share with you is how we thought about what that content opportunity is versus a combustion engine has not changed. So when you think about full electric, due to not only the normal features you have as you get in the electrified powertrain and the other products we bring and the architecture we bring, we still view that's 2 times our traditional combustion engine, that's around 60 some bucks. Hybrid electric is about 1.5 times. So when you look there, that's intact. Now, when -- to the second part of your question about what do we see from customers. Our customers continue full steam ahead on the electric programs, but they are making choices and we do see around some areas, around autonomy that is being pushed out. So as they're making their choices as they're selling less cars, producing less cars and they have the pressures of COVID but they are making choices and where you see the choice of being made prioritize are very much on the electric powertrain and we have seen some slowdowns in some features and programs around autonomy. As you always know electric vehicles are bigger content play for us that we shared with you, manual autonomy. Certainly, autonomy will continue to be a content opportunity, it's just going to be a longer route and that's what we're seeing. And we did have some program slippage just due to how our customers have to work with COVID and had to delay some ramps but that's just temporary. It's not impacting our content at all. So hopefully that helps.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Sure, Joe. So let me maybe, share a little bit about the production environment then we'll get into -- because we do believe there is some supply chain work off by our customers. So we do -- we did say that we think there's going to be 17 million vehicles made in the fourth quarter and in China is running about 4.5 million units. So it's come back, it's -- production's solid there. We still expect that in North America and Western Europe, we are off a very deep trough and I think the other key element to realize is being a global leader, we're strong in every market, which also includes Japan and Korea and not just North America, Europe and China. While the effect has not been as deep in Japan and Korea, auto production is still of pre-COVID levels in Japan and Korea. So we see that we are in a gradual recovery back up. So that's the production environment that we see and that's really from talking to our customers and the insights we have. When we think about sequential revenue, we do expect an increase aligned with our content to the production. But as I mentioned, there is about $100 million that we think needs to work off by our customers. They ramp down hard and they're ramping up for it and from a supply chain that is a lot to happen perfectly. So as we think about our guide and as I said from our expectations, there is about $100 million that is primarily in automotive that we think needs to be worked off [indiscernible] things back into normalization. So hopefully that answers your question.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Thanks, Shawn, and I think when you say what do I get excited about post-COVID the first thing will be that we're post-COVID. So certainly, it's been a challenging environment that we're all living in. The first one that I would say, and it's a little bit different than where we position TE and also the cost actions that you highlight in your question is one of the things that we are very excited about in this time is opportunity to just score share gain. During this time, our customers are making choices. They have to make choices as they are dealing with the same reality we are. And during the last downturn, we picked up share in some key markets and I also believe this market is an opportunity for that and I think some of the things we talked about upfront not only how we innovate, how we're proving them through manufacturing, we're going to be there for them no matter what market environment we're in and also the stability of TE from our capital structure that was pre- COVID. That's one thing we do get excited about. The other thing I would tell you that we're excited about as it goes into some of your cost elements and incremental margins is, we're excited, we didn't hit this downturn being flat footed. We talked to you about the work we've had to do in transportation as we were planning around an 84 million global vehicle environment that we had cost actions that were starting that will come in as we go forward and let's face it, we'll have to do further adjustments to whatever global auto production comes out to and also in industrial, where we were marching up. Certainly, we have to make some adjustments in some of the areas around commercial aerospace due to the [indiscernible] that market, but I do feel that we didn't hit it flat-footed and our teams are embracing the reality of where markets have been impacted. We're making those adjustments that we have to make to really make sure we serve our customers and also our owners well. The other thing I would say that we do get excited about and you see it in the result, which it is very different where we position TE. We have a leading automotive business that we aren't going to apologize for. The content opportunities, those around the EV as well as the returns we get in that business, are very strong and they have not changed the return profile. The other thing I would tell you is you see the benefits of how this portfolio has changed. You see us talking about cloud, you see us meeting our target margins and the other opportunities that I highlighted in the script, I feel very good about. So where this portfolio's positioned we're being impacted by COVID in our leading business but we don't feel we should apologize for it because it's a global business with a leading position that our customers are going to need us more now and we see opportunity in this time as we come out of it and we're going to be there for them. So I do appreciate you asking that question, Shawn, maybe get away from the current a little bit but I do appreciate the question.
Terrence Curtin: Deepa, it's Terrence. One of the things in your question is, the EU had put in, in Europe carbon regulations that have been impacting our customers that we talked a lot about pre-COVID and certainly how those regulations have come in. I think when you really look at what we've seen and certainly COVID has made it confusing while those regulations are in, I think the real bright spot that we see -- and the growth this year in electric vehicles, that 12% we talked about is almost entirely driven out of Europe. And if we went back, two, three years ago, we would have sat down with you and said China and Asia will be the driver of hybrid and electric vehicles, then Europe and North America. Certainly, there isn't regulatory support for it, North America would always be the slowest adoption rate. And with the regulations that we have, European EV and HEV sales were up about 90% year-on-year. So it actually gives us confidence that some of those regulations are gaining traction in the car sales and also in the production levels. And as you all know, Europe is one of our higher content regions and also a higher share region. So it's sorted very well and we've been investing very much in electric vehicles all over the world but certainly in Europe and Asia it's been very important. So those trends are helping us, we think that certainly they're going to continue to help us as we go forward. So thanks for the question.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. No. Good question, Jim, and really there's two factors. When we talk about our Transportation segment, no different than our quarter we just ended, auto production was down 40%, the segment was down 30%. So there are other things outside auto, that's industrial, transportation, certainly sensors. So there is an element of it that won't voice quarterly but the other big part is the part that you articulated. We do and as I said in my prepared comments, we still think there is about $100 million of supply chain to work off as our customers have been trying to get their component supply chains lined up and that's a headwind as we go sequentially and a lot of that's in automotive. So if you look at it, it is 40% in production increase from the 12 million to the 17 million. You also get the $100 million of supply chain work off and then just realize there we have two other units in that segment that aren't fully auto. So that's really how you should think about it.
Terrence Curtin: No. Thanks, Matt. You asked about one of our more complex markets and when you look there, it has been in a downturn and we talked to you about it. And when we think about 2020, the year we're in, globally you have -- construction has been weak, the truck and bus part has been weak and certainly, agriculture has been weak. So if you really take the bigger markets there, they've all been weak and there is different inflection points when you look at that geographically. Emissions play a very big part into this market, not only what's goes on with COVID and it's one of the things that I think when you go to, as we see there in certain regions it does look like it's bottom line. In other areas due to emission benefits we've gotten, it may get weaker. So it's a tale of multiple cities. The more important thing is where we've improved our content opportunity here and one of the things that I think we've done an exceptional job on not only in where we were traditionally strong in the U.S. and North America and Europe but also in China. I mean China this year will be our largest region in our industrial transportation market and that's very different than when we did the Deutsche acquisition. Historically, you would have had probably -- China would have been maybe 10% share and now it's our largest region, really due to how we've really penetrated that market, taken advantage of the infrastructure spending there and also the emissions evolution and that is truly not only market story but a content story. And then, even the example I gave during the script today where you see some of the progress of where does a sustainable powertrain go and a Class 8 truck in ICT on total we can range on average $300 to $400 of content per vehicle. You get really like a 3 times in electrifying a large vehicle. And they are the things that our engineers are working on with our customers and as that become more of a reality, will drive content growth. So it's not only what we see in the auto but also some of those features that we're trying to be taking over into the truck and bus and the commercial transportation markets are also benefiting us and we have the leading position in that market similar to automotive business. So, it's really about how do we continue to help our customers as they want to take to the next generation architectures.
Terrence Curtin: Well, a couple of things. First off, we are exposed, both what one of the things I think is unique to us. We benefit from both of those trends and many companies benefit from one or the other. Autonomy though has been one when you think about architecture in a car, it has always been a lower content opportunity versus EV and we've shared those content charts with you about how much do we get on a content about $65, which could break down between safety applications, infotainment and data stack as well as production -- I mean powertrain stack. And clearly the powertrain stack is always the biggest content for us and that's why we do benefit as the architecture moves more electric. Autonomy is going to be something that drives content, it's part of our four to six but clearly not the largest piece of it. Powertrain has always been the largest piece and we play in all the applications in the car just not specific ones. As you look at M&A, I think as we've gone over time, we're going to look where we can add valuable to the acquisition as well as helps us solve our customers' problem and we continue to look at M&A, you see First Sensor we finally closed after we announced that last year. That's going to help us from the sensor suite and we'll continue to look at M&A across all our businesses as we move forward to say how does it strengthen us and continue to improve our portfolio and get return for our owners.
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things; you're 4 million to 4.5 million for China is right in per quarter. So that's a per quarter number not an annual number, so that is where we view China production was in quarter three and we expect it to be similar in quarter four. So that is right for China and when you get to North America, honestly, we think North American production is going to be around 3.5 million units, which is pretty consistent with where it was in quarter one and quarter two of this year. I do want to -- I made the comment earlier at TE we serve every piece of the world and North America is our slowest -- is our lowest piece of our revenue. So just remember, there is other countries out there that we have very large positions like Japan, like Korea in addition to North America. So North America we expect production to be about 3.5 million units in the fourth quarter.
Terrence Curtin: I think the one thing you have to think about and it's the hard thing that we all have to deal with is how does COVID continue to impact. It is the things that's the same and how does that go forward. So we can't comment on 2021. I think the key is you look right now and we are encouraged that production is getting back to 17 million units. We have to see that the consumer demand pull-through on those cars produced. We'd like where inventory levels are right now but as this is all ramping I think the first that we have to get there to is how does our customers ramp up to 17 million after being at 12 million and where the consumer demand goes into next year and I think the baseline you would start with is where quarter four production's at as you go into next year and you can do scenarios. I think point estimates are very dangerous in an environment like this, you got to be thinking scenarios.
