Terrence Curtin: Thanks Heath, let me get into our guidance and I'll get into the second quarter which is on slide 10. As I mentioned earlier our markets are playing out as we expected we laid out for you 90 days ago driven by the order patterns that we’ve see in quarter one that I covered earlier we do expect second quarter revenue $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.22 to $1.28 per share  At the midpoint this represents declines on reported sales of 6% overall and organic sales of 5% year-over-year and reflects the weakness in the end markets and the ongoing effects of destocking in the distribution channel. We do expect grow sequentially from the first quarter of the second in both sales and adjusted earnings per share and that is a view that gives confidence about stabilization. By segments, we do expect transportation solutions to be down low single-digit organically and it's mainly going to be driven by the weakness in the commercial transportation market and with mid-single digit declines in global auto production. Industrial solution is expected to be down low single digits organically with continued market weakness and industrial equipment being partially offset by growth in medical, defense and energy. And in communications we expect to be down low teens organically driven by continued inventory destocking and the distribution channel. So please turn to slide 11 and let me get into the full-year guidance. As I covered earlier we expect full year sales of $13.05 billion at midpoint and this will represent year-over-year declines in reported sales of 3% and on an organic basis 2%. We are continuing to expect year-over-year headwinds of approximately $0.30 from currency exchange and tax rates and note that most of the year-over-year tax that will occur in the second half. Let me get into some more color on our segments that are included in our guidance. In transportation we expect for the year to be down low single digits organically. We expect our organic auto sales to be flat to down slightly for the full year and as I mentioned earlier we continue to expect a global auto production run rate of approximately 21 million vehicles per quarter resulting in mid-single digit global production declines for fiscal 2020 which is consistent with our prior year view. We expect content growth to enable us to continue to outperform declining auto production. We also expect our commercial transportation business to outperform high single-digit market declines in that market due to content growth and share gains this year. In our industrial segment we expect to grow low single digits organically with growth in defense, medical and energy partially offset by declines and industrial equipment. And finally in communications we do expect to be down mid single-digit organically with both data and devices appliances being impacted by the continued broad market weakness and inventory destocking in the distribution channel. Once we work through the inventory adjustments in the first half we do expect to move back to positive year-on-year organic growth for the second half of the year in our communication segment. So before I get into questions let me just recap the key points that we made today and I'm sure we'll talk more about in Q&A. First we have built a strong portfolio with leadership positions in the markets we serve. This portfolio that we built is performing significantly better than the last time we went through a market downturn. This is evident in our quarter one results where we delivered sales and adjusted earnings per share ahead of guidance and our operating execution enabled us to raise our guidance for fiscal 2020. The second key point is the things are playing out as we expected when we provided our guidance 90 days ago. Our expectations of markets in fiscal 2020 is essentially unchanged.  Our order patterns are indicating stability and distribution destocking is trending as we expected given us confidence in the sales and earnings growth sequentially in the second half. The third key point is around content and content growth is enabling out performance even in declining markets and it's helping to buffer the market conditions we're seeing. We're going to continue to benefit from secular trends whether it's electric vehicles of autonomy, next generation aircraft, minimally invasive medical applications, factory automation or cloud computing and these trends are going to be with us for a long time. And finally, we are executing on what we can control through our restructuring plans across all of our segments and we're focused on this to ensure we get greater leverage and earnings power when markets return to growth. So with that I do want to thank our employees around the world for their continued strong execution as well as their continued commitment towards our customers and a future that is safe for sustainable productive and connected. So Sujal with that let's get to Q&A.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks Wamsi and yes during the call I used the word stable a lot. I also said challenging. So your question is very fair. There's markets that have been strong and are going to continue to be strong. There are medical, certainly defense, energy and you heard that a lot and they're in our industrial segment but when I use the word stable it really says some of the supply chain things are working off like we saw in distribution but there are still markets that are challenging. Auto production we expect to be down mid single-digit. I talked about that around the 21 million units a quarter end and we reposition ourselves on content will help get us down to closer to flat on the year versus a negative production environment. The industrial transportation space certainly that space is one where North America heavy truck rolled over and we're being impacted by that. But we do expect that margin to be down high single digits for the year because of also how we're positioned in China. You got your six emissions, you also have strong content name we have in that market and that's going to buffer to us a nice separation there. The other area that I would say that I think is going to be continued to be challenging is the factory automation and industrial equipment market. That's a market that clearly been impacted by capital spending on the planet. Our business both has the underlying market, it's going to continue to be challenged. And but we also have some inventory to stocking. So, how I would frame and similar to how we framed it 90 days ago was we don’t see a [indiscernible], our market really gets a lot better this year. We see some of the supply chain effects working through March, basically the end of our second quarter and we're going to get our normal seasonality. So, I would say the market we're planning with, I'm glad we have the content opportunities, we have the buffer some of it and we'll start seeing some growth in some of the markets later in the year once the channel effects get along. From a geographic perspective, so hopefully that helps. From a geographic perspective, Wamsi, it was an interesting environment and I'm probably going to talk much more around sequentially. We saw China was a little bit better in coming out of our first quarter sequentially. Europe was a little bit worse and North America was relatively sideways. So, it's other thing that are very much around how do we see things from a stability perspective, our book-to-bill was above 1.0 in all regions, we were 1.02 overall, which as I said on the call was the first time we were above 1.0. It gives us a view that things are working through and getting a little bit more back to parity. So, it means we built some backlog which is good as we get into the second half of the year.
Terrence Curtin: Now, thanks for your question. And when you look at it, what's intriguing is we've always talked to you about electric vehicles and electric vehicle production, how are we go from about a little bit over 6 million units, sorry. It's over 9 million units. And this year's going to be a really one that's driven by Europe. China we sort of view in hybrid and electric vehicles many of you know I include plugin hybrids and hybrids in that number. It's not a pure NEV number just that it's the broader thing. And really what we're seeing is we're seeing a year where China will be sideways. They had some of the Stimulus/Formal from a production where Europe is going to be the real growth driver. And you've seen it with the CO2 regulations. We aren’t seeing any changes in designs. We are still over the opinion if you take the two mega trends that we have in automotive or around electric vehicles as well as autonomy features. Our customers are prioritizing electric vehicles ahead of our autonomy. We're going to benefit from both of those trends which I think is a unique proposition that we have. But the electric vehicle trend is helping drive the content that's what I talked about and we are not seeing any change in design cycles at all. If anything, they are trying to get their designs done at quicker rates than traditional combustion engines.
Terrence Curtin: And so, a couple of things, Craig thanks for the question. First of all when you look at our centered results, you see really 75% of our sensors business from a revenue is still sort of pointed that heavy vehicle as well as the industrial markets and some of our growth we sold this quarter looks very much similar to what we saw in our industrial equipment and commercial transportation and our core connector products. But our auto sensor revenue was flat. So, it's certainly getting our performance versus the mid-single digit declines we're talking about. And the ramps are continuing to happen as we thought. Would be an impact by a slower environment. But the traction we talked to you about in the pipeline we've talked to you about continues to remain intact. And right now it's really all about production is impacting, why we're not seeing more growth other than flat in that market.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Erin. And I will build on the question I talked about earlier. So, 1) is we feel very good about our content growth opportunities. And our content growth opportunity, you have to realize all starts where power need to go in the car, where does signaling need to be in the car as well as when you do for autonomy data and data's belong that is really the latecomer. But when you deal with power and you go to an electric vehicle architecture, you're dealing with different power rhythm at 12 volt or a 48 volt system that we filled with or changing to. So, it's what gives us confidence around is 4% to 6% and as I said for us bigger driver will be electrification. We also will benefit from autonomy as the data network in the car continues to evolve and architecture in a car always evolves. Our OEM customers are the ones that control the architecture. It's important to how they differentiate and it's something that you own and they typically don't let a tier 1 control lab. But when you look at as those three building blocks go and what we see we continue to encourage how that architecture gets evolved and where we're positioned globally. If you think about my discussion earlier about electric vehicles, the trends and then the number of units made into world are going to be more in Asia and in Europe. And we are leading position in those markets and we're working with the largest OEMs on those. So, nothing has changed around how we think about architecture, where do we play. And what's really nice about here, we benefit from both and electric vehicle is more in the front of the brand our OEM customers while autonomy has slipped back a little bit. And feel very good about the 4% to 6% we talked to you about.
Terrence Curtin: Sure Jim, thanks Jim. First off, on the sensory question, I'll probably repeat what I said a little bit earlier. In the quarter for sensors, we did have our growth was reflective about the 75% we have in industrial equipment and commercial vehicle. What we saw on those markets are very similar than what we saw on our connector businesses which really drove the revenue being down double digit. In auto, we were flat and that shows the content and the ramps that we're getting. And then secondly Jim, the separation around the content growth we saw in the quarter and as we're guiding for the year is pretty much right on top of the 4% to 6% and it's as these continue to get adopted and the other trends I could add to the vehicles, you're going to see we expect that automotive will be basically flat to slightly down in a minus single digit production environment and that's where our guide is.
Terrence Curtin: Now, a couple of things, so let me take the second part of your question first. Certainly on the corona virus. It's a very fluid situation, yes China is important and we're very much focused on dealing with the real time and making sure our employees are safe. And that being said, first thing I want to highlight is that we don’t have operations or factories in the Wuhan province or our operations are not in that area. And we are in the middle of the Lunar New Year celebration and that we are running lower shifts right now as we speak. And we're going to continue to run those lower shifts. But the government has extended the Lunar New Year few days and in some of the industrial parts we serve, they are actually shutting in the next week. And we're going to be to everything in compliance with the government. So, net-net it is an uncertainty that we have but we have those uncertainties in many parts of our business every day. On China momentum, we did see production improve in the first quarter. And like I said in some of my comments already, China was a little bit better, I would say that would say that was around automotive production. Europe was a little worse, net-net getting to a neutral point for the year. I think the one thing that we're trying to keep our eyes on is not only what is production but what our end sales in China and end sales while they or not declining as they work, still or not accelerating. So, we still have a view that China will play out as we talked before. But we did see increased momentum before the Lunar New Year celebration which would have got us down to a supply chain was getting better. But we got to continue to watch it and our guidance is sort of in change with where we were 90 days ago.
Terrence Curtin: Now, thanks. So, first of all we assume there is not restock, we assume it's a parity with demand. So, that's the key point and a very good question. When we sit there and what we've looked at, our major channel partners will get book-to-bills above 1.0 again. We talked to them about where it is inventory burn through in their December quarter to get back more in parity. And as we told you at last quarter we thought the first half impact was around a $100 million, we were about halfway through that also the destocking was going to be across in that work. So, what's nice is we're seeing it work out as we thought in the first quarter, it needs to work through in the second quarter. The trend is right on track and we're actually starting to see a pick-up in booking sequentially as I said by 10%. So, it feels like things are moving as expected and the second half if all about getting to parity with demand, not restocking.
Terrence Curtin: For us it doesn't really does nothing for us. When you look at those two mergers, you're really dealing with more people dealing with the mechanical side of things. And our customers certainly in some areas there are customers but they would not be major customers. So, for us that's a net-net nothing.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, a couple of things and thanks for the question. Certainly, we do have commercial aerospace business and when we talk about aerospace and defense submarine, that business in our industrial segment, about half of its commercial aerospace and it covers all the commercial aero frame manufacturers, including Boeing. So, the Boeing situation has impact us on that aero frame specifically. It's probably about a half a point headwind to overall TE growth that we're absorbing with the diversity of our portfolio but certainly that market has got weaker due to the production schedule Boeing has laid out. The key I think for us is that's a nice content driver. That it sort of transitory and in my mind and it will impact us this year but when Boeing works through its issues and those planes start get delivered, we'll get a reacceleration on the other side. So, near-term headwind that we would absorb into our guidance probably become a tailwind once they work through the issue with they would be.
Terrence Curtin: Well for 2020, thank you for the question. We certainly have seen or that segment has been impacted by the distribution channel. I would say cloud spending we have seen an improvement on our orders on the cloud side and certainly that's across many of the cloud providers. And one of the things our team has done a nice job is continue to penetrate and broaden our cloud customer breadth. So, that is an important growth drive for that segment and we continue to improve our positioning there. 5G is a little bit of a different story. 5G is one where in places like Korea you have very dense networks that and laid out and you get more then the use cases that they're developing. In the U.S. 5G is not moving as quick mainly due to the merger between T-Mobile that's out there have sort of delayed how this 5G get invested. And so, I would say we've seen a pause in 5G investment here in the United States that we hope that once that merger's down, the operators will invest and then we'll benefit from those deployments. We do play in 5G though on the infrastructure side, we don’t play on the handset side but it is something that's a good content opportunity as that spending accelerates.
Terrence Curtin: No, certainly. So first of all it's important that when you say cabling and connectors. We are not a harness maker and so as harnesses get rationalized certainly there are people that are on the large side are going to get more impact than us because as you even get into more consolidated ECU zonal architectures the interconnects get absolutely more complicated which play to the strengths of which we have. So these architectures have continued to evolve whether you go to zonal or you go to centralized compute in a car. These are things that how do you continue to get the connection points, the sensing points around or things that are part of our 4% to 6%. This will continue to evolve our OEM customers will be the ones that make those architectural decisions of what you see at CES and what's really nice is how we engage with our OEM customers on our design we know as those architectural changes are occurring. So when we think about the 4% to 6% that does assume how the architecture will evolve and what's really nice is I remember when we talk about architecture and people just want to talk about [indiscernible] it's really nice that the content trend whether it be electric vehicle or autonomy and compute architecture in the car or things that people are really talking about and that's what we do and that's what's driving some of the growth trends for TE.
Terrence Curtin: I think when you look at the growth it's a combination of things that we required but also how we continue to bring the capabilities at TE and Creganna has. If you look at that that business that business is approaching $800 million and Creganna was a little bit over $300 million when we bought it and we continue to put the capabilities of TE and Creganna together and we've also have the design center set up where the innovation occurs around interventional devices. What is nice is it is a mix, Matt to your question and also what's nice is it's not just the therapies that were used to today that we all benefit from but it's also about the therapies of the future of other areas in the heart where they want to take interventional procedures where they still can't take them today and that's the innovation that we continue to work on with the largest customers in the world that are focused on this. So it is a combination of new programs, existing programs and what's nice is with what we built we really have the door open with our customers and bringing our engineers and to work on the next-generation therapies that the largest companies medical device companies in the world are working on. So it's really nice it's going to drive the high single digit growth that we talked about today and it's been driving.
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think one thing that's important when you deal with electric vehicles and the penetration we have is one of the things around electric vehicles. We have to be honest you're still at even if we get to the 9 million units we have this year it's still a small part of an 84 million market and one of the things both from the relationships that we have you also have to get the global scale to continue to bring the cost points of the electric vehicles down and we knew we were part of that equation. So how do you get to standardization and while certainly different people are driving different technologies over time we still have to get to a vehicle that people can afford but that subsidies won't turn. And when I think about what we have done historically through our global customer range as well the breadth of technology we bring I think we are one of the ones that are best positioned to capitalize on that and also making sure we scale it and that's one of the things that OEM customers and certainly other people still have some challenges how do they scale electric vehicle and we basically view we get to help them do that. So that's the breadth we have. You see it in some of the global OEMs that are calling more platform versus individual model and they are some of the customers that we have very good relationships with and design wings with that we are going to help them solve that problem. And then we can also take it like we do with the rest of our connector portfolio into other areas to make sure that we bring productivity to the electric vehicle as well and getting our margin.
