Bob Hau - CFO: Raw materials for us, about a push for 2013 perhaps a very small tailwind if copper, gold, and silver stay where they’re at today, but it would be low single digit millions of tailwind if it were to hold, particularly given where we stand from a hedging standpoint. : Also add on a Deutsch standpoint, I mentioned in my opening comments, we exited 2012 about on expectations from an EBITDA standpoint. As Tom pointed out, sales a little bit late. Integration cost coming in better, integration segments coming in better than we had anticipated. So, we actually crossed the 30% EBITDA margin in the second half of 2012 in the first six months of ownership. So, we’re very pleased from that standpoint.
Bob Hau - CFO: At the – and Amit, at the 13.7, $3.15 EPS scenario, I would expect the margin in that business to be up modestly.
Bob Hau - CFO: Overall, we expect about $75 million worth of savings, which once we get up to that run rate in the second half of 2015 – Tom indicated, we see an accelerated opportunity to get to the 15% operating margin, $75 million will remain to [inaudible] point at the total [inaudible] connectivity level. 
Anthony C. Kure: Hey, good morning. Just a quick question on the guidance for fiscal ’13. As you look at the EPS and the revenue lines, I’m sort of trying to back into the EBIT margin improvement. We’ve already talked to your expectations on the transport side, but you know, overall for the company, I’m looking at sort of a 20 to 30 basis point operating margin improvement. First, is that correct? And second, how would it be influenced by the other segments, the two segments at this point? Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  That’s directionally correct, yeah. You’re in the ballpark with that. With that kind of revenue growth we would expect the productivity we have in the pipeline to generate that kind of operating margin. 
Anthony C. Kure: And then like you talked about the transport being up marginally, could you talk about the other two segments from the margin expectations? Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  Yeah. I would say… 
Anthony C. Kure: Great. And then on the Enterprise IT side, obviously slowing down there, just – if you have visibility into what’s driving that, I mean, we’ve heard a lot about the C-level decision making extending, a lot of projects pushing out. Do you have that sort of visibility that these types of things are pushing into 2013 or are these just cancelations on run rate business? Maybe if you provide [inaudible] down onto that market? Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  I think, again, it depends on the region of the world and the customer. There’s some customers that are very aggressive and pushing us for earlier implementation of next-generation, high-speed solutions. There are some that are, in light of the economic circumstances and holding capital budgets in an uncertain economy are living with the solutions they have. So I would say it’s mixed, but if I were to categorize in one area, I’d say it’s more of a push than a cancelation. We often don’t – we don’t see too much kind of cancelation because I think from an end – our customer’s point of view, that’s not a smart thing for them to do. It’s easier for them just to push rather than lose the attention of the supply base and the continued innovation and investment we bring. 
Michael J. Wherley: I just had a question about the consumer restructuring and you know, if you’re seeing some program wins there, where does exactly is consumer restructuring? Does it have to do with customers that lost share or is it just more broad based? Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  It’s really about tightening up the capacity, Michael, and when I talked about the organization change we made three months ago, that had been in the works for a while, it was really founded on grouping like businesses together and making the final break from what had always in this company been structured as a regional geographic business and making the transition to a vertical global business. So in the past, consumer really was three businesses in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We concluded a couple years ago that that was not going to enable us to be, one, cost effective, or nimble in responding to the needs of that market. So part of the capacity in the restructuring that you hear us talking about is really tightening up the backend of that business now that we’ve had it as standalone for about nine months now and you know, getting scale because time to volume and scale in that business is critical to getting the margin you need to make it an attractive business and I’m encouraged with the leadership and team we put in a year ago, the progress they’ve made in that year both on new products, important new wins that the key customers and the customers are setting the pace in that market. As well as making a lot more sense out of the backend of that business and making us much more efficient. 
Michael J. Wherley: Okay. And what’s your core confidence that you can – that you’ve gotten better at sort of the quick ramp ups where you’ve struggled in the past in that consumer business? Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  Growing confidence. We have a couple of really great success stories with a couple of the biggest and the most demanding customers and they were – they were critically important for us, of course because we don’t have a long track record of doing that, so we – very important products for these customers that we did a very, very good job, and you know, in one case, helped them out of a bind. So I think we’re building our confidence and their confidence in us, in this business. You’re only as good as your last experience, so you, you know, we have to be good every time. So far, so good, knock on wood. But you know, we’re not – we’re far from declaring victory and probably never would anyway, but I think our team’s confidence in the ability to make this a good business is growing. 
Michael J. Wherley: Okay. Thanks very much. The last question I have is just sort of on your LEAN opportunities across TE. You know, separate from the restructuring, what sort of headwind are you making with LEAN and how does that sort of tie in with the current restructuring? Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  The headwind on LEAN is really good and I think you could start to see it in the year last year where we had the actual flight shrinkage in some of our markets, in revenue and overall, and you know, the operating margin held in there nicely. Three years ago, that would not have been the case. So LEAN is focused on taking the waste out of the process and it’s a – it’s been around, it’s a tool-based program, it requires a lot of discipline and strong site-by-site leadership and it’s – it is implemented at every site we have; some further along than others. But in at least half our sites, and we refer to it as a Star 3, you get when it’s actually improving your performance. So it’s a – it’s a journey that takes a lot of perseverance. It is helping us, and it is bringing up physical capacity, which plays into some of the decisions we're making now. 
Michael J. Wherley: Thanks very much. Thomas J. Lynch – CEO, Executive Director:  Thank you all very much for the questions. 
