Terrence Curtin: Sure Chris thanks for the question. And let's just frame it a little bit. Auto production I talked about it in my comments, we think in our fiscal year, the September year, there can be 76 million vehicles made this year and that's the same amount as it was made last year. And you look at demand; we would tell you we think demand is well above 80 million units. And also to give you another guide goes back in 2019 pre-COVID, there was 88 million cars made on the planet. So we still have a way to go to get back to pre-COVID production. And we can also see where inventory levels are in pretty much every region of the world still very low. So we do think there is potential for production increases, even if demand comes down a little bit there's still a big disconnect between demand levels versus what our customers can deliver. And a lot of that is well documented from the OEMs around semiconductor supply and things like that. I think the other thing that I just want to say is we did see 18 million units made this quarter. Going into the next quarter we do think, and I said in my prepared remarks, 19 million units and so there is I think upward momentum to production as we move into next year the supply chain continues to improve. I think to Heath's point though, the other thing is what we control. We control content. We don't control production. Certainly TE does not make semiconductors. But I think the other element I just want to stress is, and I think it's shown up through this period even in a tough production environment like we've been in the past couple years, how our content has expanded from what was in the 60s, consistently in the 80s you'll see an increase in the second half really shows where we position the portfolio bodes around as electric vehicles continue to be built, continue being a bigger pie, but also from the electronification. And as I told you, [indiscernible], you can look at that $20-plus delta per vehicle, about 60% of that's driven by electric vehicle growth. The other 40% is due to electronics on both combustion engines as well as on electric vehicle. So I do think while production has been frustrating, I do think we're still well below demand and if we do get some breaks on semiconducting other supply chain, there could be upside as we go next year, even with a cloudy macro environment.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. So let me take the first, the last piece of your question first. So when you look at our orders in July from a TE level, they're running very similar to what they were running at last quarter. So our orders overall have been pretty steady here. What we saw last quarter as we go into this one month in, so from a July they remain healthy. The other thing that I think is important is we do have to keep them perspective, and we talked about this a lot over the past year, two years. A lot of customers were ordering ahead. Certainly we have an elevated backlog position. And even in some of the compares like our communication segment, last year in this quarter our orders were over $800 million. So it's very strong compares and tough compares. What we continue to look at in our orders is orders with backlog, and I mentioned on the call communications we have $1 billion of backlog and our communication customers did a good job of ordering out. I do think they did a better job than our transportation customers when they were trying to make sure they were securing supply and overall that's what you're seeing in the trends. So as we look forward and no different with our guide, we continue to see healthy demand trends, certainly the industrial markets continue to look like they're accelerating and we have two of our four markets in industrial. We're a little bit later to the recovery party with medical and commercial aerospace, industrial equipment stays strong, and the one market that we do see moderation in which isn't a surprise we talked about has been the appliance market. We would've thought there'd be moderation even before now. We sold it in China. Certainly that's tied to housing and property and we would expect that will continue to moderate. But when we say moderation, you're really talking about our orders sequential going from our March quarter to our June quarter being down like 12%. I don't want it to be either falling off a cliff, but they did moderate. And certainly the backlog also supports where we guide them. So hopefully that gives you a better color about how we think about and also confidence.
Terrence Curtin: Well, thanks for the question. And I guess, I know we spoke to many about it. When we think about our business and the lead time for our product, let's put things into perspective about our lead times, for an average product, you might be six to twelve weeks. So I do want to frame, when you look at TE and you think about an average lead time, you are six to twelve weeks, it's not some of lead times you hear from other product categories that you have. So there is an element here of when we were talking about book-to-bills of 1.20, we always said there will come a time that as markets become more normalized, we would expect our book-to-bill, to reflect more normal patterns than a 1.2 book-to-bill. So when I look at it and I think about transportation, getting closer to a one, we are expected to get to. Certainly as we work off backlog, like you saw in communications, we got a lot of backlog. We have over a $1 billion in backlog in communications. Customers they feel good with that backlog, they are not going to place more orders. They're going to want to work that off. And we looked for pushes and cancellations. Are people pushing out orders, are they canceling orders? We are not seeing any major trends in pushes and cancellations. So with the indicators that we're looking at show that hey, while we have some markets in transition like appliance, that we've been highlighting to you we also still have markets that are still trying to catch up like commercial aerospace. So I do think it's an environment where not everything is going up and growing. And we just have to realize if a customer is concerned about the macro, they are probably going to get a little bit more conservative and say, hey, let me work off a little bit of backlog. So I think you are going to continue to see book-to-bills getting more normalized in an environment like we have. But certainly we have some markets where customers are concerned about supply chain volatility. And like we talked about in the Industrial segment, we're still at a 1.16 book-to-bill, which is a very strong book-to-bill. And that means we're still building backlog.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. When I look at our – thank you for the question. When we look at our industrial business unit, it also comes into the backlog of our customers. If you look at our customers that are all the robot manufacturers of the world, certainly the factory automation, and you even go back to semi capacity, be put in electric vehicle battery capacity, being put in, other automation program being put in, they're the drivers of it. So you have to look at the capital spending and the backlog of the projects continues to be very strong. And that's creating backlog for our customers of the world, whether they're in Asia, whether they're in Europe, whether they're here. And what's nice is we're very globally deployed in that business unit. And orders continue to be very strong is people are trying to make sure they can fulfill their backlog. And we've really positioned well in that space. And you've seen that outperformance consistently over the past year and a half.
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think the thing is first off being, people have been trying to make sure you're not going to want to hold up manufacturing of an end product for a connector. If you're waiting for a semiconductor, people will want to make sure they have the interconnects with certainly the semiconductor being the brain. And we're a little bit more like the arms and the legs. But when you look at it and you take distribution to what you've said. Distribution inventory is still not back to where we would expect it to be. It's still probably 15 days light on a term perspective of where it was pre-COVID. So we continue to monitor that inventory position. And that's an important thing to watch to make sure that the distribution channel does not get heavy from a day's perspective. So feel good that they're still in a good spot, when you get into where our product goes everywhere in the world, we're not going to know every little pocket inventory. But it's something that if lead times continue to get better and I wouldn't tell you, they have gotten better yet, they're stable, but they're not better. You would expect, there might be a little bit of an air pocket, but we're not at that point yet.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at that and I think you have to start with, we have a very strong position already. And as we say, we're in essentially every car in the planet already. So I think our market share, our strong position we already have that has been in combustion engine as we bring the technology. And I know we've shared content elements of, hey, you look at an electric vehicle, it's about 2x, what we have. But then you also carry over what we do on a low voltage architecture that when you add the high voltage motors in it, basically is additive. So when you look at it from a market share, I feel very good about the programs we're winning. What's in great is it's as global as our current position. We want to sit there and make sure we're globally positioned. And it's pretty similar to what we have and what we had in our historical market share.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, book-to-bill of one basically means you're not building backlog. So I think the one thing, when we look at book-to-bills, please remember there's two numbers in a book-to-bill equation. The order number, and then obviously the revenue number and you have to realize, we have brought up our output by the growth that we talked about. So the bill has also gone up. But when you look at it, similar to what we talked about in communications, if the backlog is so strong, you can have a book-to-bill below one because the customers feel they are scheduled out over a couple quarters, could be up to three quarters in our case where they say, hey, guess what, I feel good, where I'm primed in the system and you could run below one a little bit. So they're just key factors of how it works. And I think you have to keep in the mindset. I'll go back to what I said today. When we have an average lead time of six to 12 weeks, let's say, we aren't somebody that has backlog that goes out years. That is not our business, our backlog typically is within the next nine months.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Good question. And I would say this is real time and we’re staying close with our customers. So I would not say there is one size fits all as I deal with it. So the key element for us is we got to stay close to our customers on it. We do have a team that’s working at real time, and this is a real time issue to say, hey, if output of our customers were impacted and we do have some factories in Europe, primarily supporting the automotive industry, we would have impacts as well. So it’s a real time situation. But I would not assume it’s one size fits all across Europe.
Terrence Curtin: And then on the outperformance, quarter on quarter I’m always going to caution you, be careful on trying to come up with inventory bills in a quarter, especially with the volatility we have. So when you look at it, I don’t think there was a meaningful impact that you should take that out performance and add or subtract to it.
Heath Mitts: Hey, Wamsi this is Heath, and I appreciate the question. Listen, I think if we just start with where we are TE in total, right, we're still tracking in that mid-18% level, which is really where we've been tracking most of the year. And there's no doubt some of the strength coming out of our communications segment. And then some of the improvement we're seeing in industrial has helped offset some of the pricing lag that we get in the automotive and overall transportation business. But we're pretty pleased with the diversity of the portfolio and the ability to be able to withstand these volatile environments. Part of the answer to your question, though is the timing on when price increase is the one to affect. Within transportation specifically, you're dealing with a lot of automotive customers and there's a lag between when we see the price increases go in relative to when we see the impact of inflation. And I think it's important for us to remember that where we operate in the world, inflation looks very different. And in some cases it has worsened including in Europe where energy prices have continued to be a pretty significant headwind. So we are offsetting about two-thirds of that inflationary pressure with price, which as you know, well, us moving into positive prices was a big move coming out of COVID here, but it does still be because we can only cover about two-thirds of it. It still does require us to make up the difference through either productivity initiatives, and then obviously what we've been undertaking with some of the longer term restructuring activities. Within the quarter, I think it'd be fair to say transportation also felt a little bit of the impact from China, just the inefficiencies of not shipping much for two months and then catching it all up in the final month of the quarter that did have an impact. And as we move forward, I think we'll continue to focus in on where we stand from our ability to be able to pass on price, but overall we're feeling good in where we stand. So with that hopefully that answers your questions. Thanks.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Mark. As I said on the call it's – when we said here 90 days ago, I gave a number range for the full year FX impact. I think it should be between $400 million and $500 million, and that has stepped up by a couple, $250 million for our full year now to about $700 million. And about 75% of that has been in the second half of our fiscal year that we're in the middle of right now. So it does flow through when we give that's the translational impact, the overall EPS impact from all that's about $0.17 for the full year FY 2022. So it is meaningful to us. In the fourth quarter, we expect that number to be year-over-year about $275 million. So incrementally worse than what we saw the third quarter. And as we look into the first, we look into FY 2023, obviously we'll provide more guide here next quarter. But if we just snapped a line in the sand right now with where various currencies are, it would be about $300 million headwind in FY 2023 for us most of which would be in the first half of our fiscal year. So there's some numbers out at you just to try to frame up what we're seeing out there. Now, your question on the competitive landscape, we really haven't seen a whole lot difference in that yet we're keeping an eye on it, but for the most part, we haven't seen anything change considerably in terms of how competitors are treating each other along those lines. And listen, we're not economists, we're not going to predict where the dollar is going to go relative to these other currencies that we do transact in, but we feel pretty good about our balanced position globally.
Heath Mitts: Well, this is Heath, I'll take this question. Listen, long-term, our strategy is unchanged, right? So you think about it over a cycle we still think about two thirds of our free cash flow being returned to shareholders in the form of buyback and dividends, and about one third being used for M&A. However, we've always qualified that with there will be times when we might deploy more into M&A, and there will be times when we might deploy more through buybacks and that kind of takes into consideration market dynamics where we're trading the value of acquisitions out there relative to our value and weighing everything through a strategic lens as well. So we have the good fortune that we have a very strong balance sheet and that has allowed us to play offense in the near term here. It's allowed us to play offense in the sense that we were able to make some strategic inventory builds and flex our working capital to make sure we are taking care of our customers. That's not letting ourselves off the hook. We will start working that back down. Now that we're seeing a little bit – in certain markets a little bit more visibility allows us to plan in our factories. But we've been able to flex with that. We've been able to flex obviously using our free cash flow for buybacks as well. But I would not consider this a permanent change, but more of an opportunity to create value for our shareholders.
Heath Mitts: Sure Amit, your question was relative to implied margins for Q4. As you know, we did not guide the margin number. So if you are backing into a margin number relative to the sales and the EPS, I think, one taking consideration of the tax, rate is going to be a point higher as we guided in the fourth quarter. So, we're not seeing a dramatic fall off in margins. But if you are on the fringes, if you will, keep in mind a couple of things as we signaled we do expect our Communications segment to be a little bit lower revenue levels in the fourth quarter, just because of some of the appliance pieces the Terrence just talked about that has a little bit of a mix impact. There is no change in our assumptions around this inflation and price. Go get when we're only covering two thirds. And then again on the fringes, we are going to be working down some inventory in the quarter and that's going to have a little bit of impact as we work through that. But it's not something that we see falling materially at all if any.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Terence. Jim, I'm sure you remember that we went through this in the fall of 2016 as well, right, which was the last time we had the extra week. And so this is a convention that does happen every five to six years based on when the true up of our fiscal calendar where we end up with an extra week. So if you think about it, from a fiscal year perspective, operationally, nothing changes, right. So nothing changes relative to a cut over into our October which will be the first month of FY2023, nothing changes with employee schedules and everything else. It really is basically a mechanism that trues up the calendar every five to six years. It does provide, as we did here, we gave our best guesstimate of what that extra week will provide, which is about $250 million in revenue and about $0.10 of EPS, what will happen. And when we get our fourth quarter results in our Q1 guide here in about 90 days, we will tighten up that estimate. So we'll give you what we can calculate it more appropriately or more accurately at that time. And then obviously as we move into the first quarter, first quarter, we'll be back to having 13 weeks and we'll move forward with that way. So from a Q4 to Q1 compare, there is an extra week in Q4 versus Q1. We're estimating that to be about $250 million and about $0.10 of EPS. But we'll tighten all that up and be very transparent. As we close the books here in about 90 days. So I hope that it answers your question, but it's some fun stuff. We work through every five to six years with this fiscal calendar.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Steve. This is Heath. Listen, I know we – the question – in our stated business model, right, we’ve said this segment should be in the high teens operating margins, and I’m acutely aware that we’ve been running significantly higher than that, particularly for the past couple of years. I think what’s important here is, is to step back a little bit and say, this was a journey in this segment to get it to where it is today, right? There was a lot of – if you go back several years, there was about $1 billion of consumer related product that we walked away from. And then there was a tremendous amount of restructuring to get this business where it is today. And what that shows is when you get that operating footprint, right, and then you get these levels of volume that we’re seen out of both appliances as well as data and devices. We can kick out these kinds of margins. So there’s nothing artificial in these margins. We have been aggressive on price as you would expect. And in some cases we are able to pass through price in both industrial and in communications a bit more efficiently because a bigger chunk of those businesses go through channel partners. And those price increases can go on a little bit more rapidly and take effect more quickly versus transportation. That is a renegotiation OEM by OEM. So there is some price piece. There’s no doubt about that. And we’ll continue to keep our foot pressed down on those elements to help cover. We’re not – we’re just trying to cover where we stand from an inflationary pressure environment. But when we do see appliance, moderate, right? We’ve been running about $1 billion annual run rate on appliances. And if that moderates down some element – some amount, we do expect that to have a little bit of pressure on the margin front. That doesn’t mean we see it collapsing, and we’ll give more color as we’re more comfortable with that here this fall. But right now at these volume levels, this would be the margin you would expect.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks, Luke. Listen, we’ve been very public going back almost five years now on this march in towards margin improvement in this segment, right? And it involved a lot of restructuring activity. We talked about at the time this is going back when we started this journey of taking over 20 facilities offline and consolidating those into lower cost locations, where we already had capabilities and capacity. And I would say we’re two-thirds the way through that at this point. Certainly, we did not anticipate COVID and some of the other in the bounce back and so forth that that we’ve had to adjust the playbook a little bit on timing. But the overall strategy is unchanged and a lot of it is around rooftop consolidations and so forth. And we’ve been more aggressive in this segment with acquisitions, which also give opportunity to us to for the right size and realize synergies by integrating those into existing facilities that we already have. So in most recently the ERNI acquisition came in and we see a real margin opportunity there within that business, which is in our industrial equipment portion of the overall segment. Having said all that, there’s still pieces of the segment that are underperforming from a margin perspective and maybe – and largely that’s due to volume, right? Terrence talked about medical and our commercial aero business, which is inside our aerospace and defense business unit. Those are far from getting back to normalized volume levels and both of those opportunities avail – opportunities for us to continue to see margin expansion in addition to some of the restructuring activities. So, hey, we’re pleased with the results this quarter. In any one quarter there can be noise, that swings your margins a point or so either direction, but we’re pleased with the results. We’re pleased with the trajectory of where the cost structure is in this business. Obviously, as I mentioned in the previous question, we’re able to get more pricing in this segment than we have in transportation. So there’s a lot of good things going here. And with the recovery of medical and commercial air, we feel like there’s still legs to go.
Heath Mitts: Yes. Nikolay, I apologize if we didn’t provide that. The sequential impact we are on FX, we are estimating to be it’s around $70 million revenue and about $0.05 of EPS sequentially.
Heath Mitts: Thanks for the question. I’m not going to go back through, like you said, we’ve discussed a lot of things on the call here relative to the current situation with our ability to get price relative to inflationary pressures and the pressures that that’s putting on the business. So, as that equation morphs over the next year or so, we’ll see how that plays out. The other thing was, if you recall, a couple of years ago we did start, particularly in our Western European footprint for transportation of taking of restructuring a couple of locations and that’s well underway in some cases, we’ll see support coming out of those actions here as we get into next year. But the other thing to remember is, we’ve talked about in our business model, right? That 20% target for transportation, that never contemplated auto production being down in the 76 million, 77 million units. So, if you start to – we start to see some support there where we’re getting closer to 21 plus million units a quarter. I think that is a better opportunity for us to capitalize on not just our content growth, but also absolute volume production that we’re set up to support. So I think that would have the bigger impact versus most of the other variables.
