Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence. And good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 8, where I will provide more details on the Q1 financials.  Adjusted operating income was $712 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 18.6%. GAAP operating income was $672 million, and included $24 million of restructuring and other charges and $16 million of acquisition-related charges.  We continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million for the full year as we continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization.  Adjusted EPS was $1.76 and GAAP EPS was $1.72 for the quarter, and included a tax planning related benefit of $0.05. Additionally, we had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.09.  The adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 was approximately 18%. And for the second quarter, we expect our tax rate to be very similar to Q1. We expect the adjusted effective tax rate for the full year to be around 19%. Importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our adjusted ETR for the full year.  Turning to slide 9. Our results you see on the slide reflect the strong execution of our teams and the diversity of our portfolio. As Terrence mentioned, each segment contributed to the strong start to our fiscal year.  Sales of $3.8 billion were up 8% on both a reported and organic basis year-over-year, and currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $45 million versus the prior year and were worse than expected.  We expect currency exchange rates to be a sequential headwind from Q1 to Q2 and the year-over-year headwind of approximately $110 million in the second quarter. And if the dollar remains at current levels relative to other currencies, FX could be a headwind of approximately $300 million to 400 million for our full fiscal year. Adjusted EPS of $1.76 was up 20% year-over-year, and represents a record for the first quarter, as mentioned earlier. Adjusted operating margins were 18.6% and expanded 90 basis points versus the prior year. And the incremental flowthrough on the adjusted margins and revenue growth were approximately 30% in Q1 on a year-over-year basis.  I'm pleased with our performance, given the inflationary pressures we are seeing and the challenges in the broader supply chain. And as Terence mentioned, we are pulling pricing levers across the businesses to help offset those inflationary pressures. Turning to cash flow. In the quarter, cash from operating activities was $532 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was $373 million. The year-over-year trend in free cash flow reflects the strategic inventory builds to meet anticipated customer demand as we mentioned last quarter.  In Q1, we returned approximately $410 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. As noted in our recent proxy filing, we proposed a 12% increase to our dividend that we expect to be approved by shareholders in March.  We remain committed to our disciplined use of capital, and over time, we still expect two-thirds of our free cash flow to be returned to shareholders and one-third to be used for bolt-on acquisitions.  So, before we go to questions, I want to reiterate that we are executing well, despite the challenges we discussed in the broader supply chain. Our results for the quarter demonstrate the strength and diversity of our portfolio with strong operational performance from each of our three segments.  The demand environment continues to be strong as evidenced by our orders, which reflect strength across many of our markets and provides a positive indicator of future growth.  You're continuing to see market outperformance in each of our three segments as a result of our strategic positioning around secular trends, and we e continue to benefit from our leading position in electric vehicles, factory automation and cloud applications.  We continue to generate performance that is in line with our business model goals, and we are excited about the growth and margin expansion opportunities as we go forward.  So now, let's open it up for questions. 
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. I'll take that. We were pleased with our results. And if you recall what our guide was for the quarter, going into the December quarter, we end up beating on the top line by a bit more than $100 million. And that was largely driven by the higher auto production numbers that Terrence just referred to relative to our guide. So we were pleased with that. And we're pleased to see the follow through on the incremental revenue.  In terms of the Q2, listen, largely, the top line is going to be flat sequentially, as we anticipated. We expect auto production to stay roughly flat at roughly the 19 million units. There is some things in terms of the strengthening dollar that work against us in terms of the sequential headwind with foreign exchange.  And then, if you look at the segments, we think Industrial will improve modestly, but we do see Communications coming down a tad sequentially, mainly due to appliances, as Terrence referenced in his prepared remarks. So, from an EPS perspective, we don't expect our communications business to stay at 27%. We've talked in the past that that's a bit overheated, particularly given the amount of appliance that's in there. But as we move forward, we expect that to normalize some. And then, there's some non-operational impacts, foreign exchange and tax rate are headwinds sequentially.  So, I think when we look at, it looks like a very similar quarter, minus those operational things with some puts and takes on the top line.
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. Listen, we talked last quarter that that number was around $50 million of sales we would like to have shipped if we had the material. That did worsen in the quarter. And it's just north of $100 million that, again, we would have liked to have shipped had we had the raw material availability to do it. So, it did get mostly worse in the quarter and certainly something as we reflect and look forward into our second quarter we anticipate this similar kind of level. 
Heath Mitts: This is Heath. Most of our strategic inventory build has come in the transportation space around automotive and commercial transportation, where, as you recall, we built up quite an order base last fiscal year. And even as things normalized back to our book-to-bill, there's still a very healthy backlog to work down. And so, some of that is how our customers are scheduling the activity, and our ability to get ahead of that, so that when they see – when we see their ramps that we're going to be and not going to have caused them any parts shortages.  In terms of timing, some of that is going to be tied to auto production recovery. I could see this starting to moderate in terms of the inventory levels as we work our way through and get into the second half of our fiscal year. And that's something that – stay tuned. But it really builds on the confidence of what we have, what our customers are telling us and how they're scheduling things out. And it depends on which part of the world that we're in. Given some of our production challenges in terms of raw material availability, it's just made sense to build up where we can and be ready for those customers.  The other thing to keep in mind is, we've been talking about ongoing restructuring, there are a couple plants that come offline later in our fiscal year. And there are buffer builds associated with those. And again, those are largely in our transportation business. So that's all kind of part of the timing of this activity. 
Heath Mitts: Listen, our gross margins for the quarter, on a GAAP basis, probably what you're seeing, shows a low 32s, but the reality of this, inside of that, there's some non-cash charges that were associated with the restructuring activity of a plant closure. So, that rolled through that line. So, we're actually running closer to our 33%. Just under that on an adjusted basis, which is consistent with what I think you would expect. and as we move a little bit higher, it's through the year, we would be a tad high word. We're absorbing the ERNI acquisition, though. And that that has a bit of a headwind on gross margins and the team is actively integrating that and working through getting those numbers up. So, there's a little bit of noise relative to what you're going to see on a GAAP versus how we view it. But that really is a one-time charge that was taken. 
Heath Mitts: No, that would not include FX. So, that comment is organic. That would include anything we expect to happen in the supply chain this year. But that's really an organic comment. FX, we sort of give you that separately. 
Heath Mitts: Listen, we're very happy with the margins that the CS segment has produced here going back not just in the quarter we just reported, but really going back over the past year, year-and-a-half. And the team has just done an exceptional job.  The reality of it is there is a little bit of a mix element to this as well, in that we do have higher margins, modestly higher margins in our appliance business relative to our data and device business. And Terence talked about the strength in data and devices, but we do see a little bit of correction that we've expected in appliances coming here in the second half of our fiscal year. And so, there is a bit of a mix impact in terms of how that comes down.  Now your question around what we've said from a business model perspective in terms of high teens, which if you go back many years ago was just an aspiration to get to the high teens for this segment, and now we're performing so much stronger. Listen, more to come. We get it. But I say still the high teens in a normalized environment still makes sense. And the team is just doing a terrific job and we'll see where we end up longer term. It's doing a terrific job and we'll see where we end up longer term. Okay, thank you for us. It looks like we have no further questions. So I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have any questions, please contact Investor Relations at T EA. Thank you and have a great morning. Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be made available for replay beginning at 11:30am. Eastern time today, January 26. On the investor relations portion of T conductivities websites that will conclude your conference for today.
Terrence Curtin: I think first off, you're exactly right. Orders accelerated. And I said in my comments, we expected orders in automotive to step down. And even last quarter when we talked to you, we had extreme content outperformance in the fourth quarter that we knew that the supply chain was going to be a little bit ahead and some inventory was out there. So, the orders coming as we expected, we really like in Transportation. And to your point, where we saw the reacceleration was very much the broad acceleration in Industrial and the D&D acceleration that I mentioned. So, when you take that, we see the reacceleration and time to trends like we all see around capital spending in industrial as well as com air and medical accelerating for the first time really during COVID, it sort of gets into the broad industrial cycle spending that we see.  And in Communications, I think what it portends to, we sort of have a tale of two cities there. We have D&D that stays very strong. Cloud CapEx actually has moved up a little bit, but I would also say our teams are winning bigger share programs around some of the applications I talked about. I think you can expect that D&D is going to be strong. And we do expect our clients businesses to step down in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year that I think we telegraphed just as that gets to a more normal cycle.  So, feel like the order reduction in automotive is very natural. The book-to-bill being closer to 1 is more natural. And I would also say, as we look at some of the more predictability of what we're seeing out of our customers, it does set up to – it feels like – around this 19 million units can be a baseline to grow off of. So, it was nice to see automotive production go from 16 million units in our fourth quarter up to 19 million units in our first quarter, and it feels like as the supply chain gets a little better, it has potential to move up as we move through the year and return to production growth.  So, net-net, I actually think it plays out very well for how we think about how the year can continue to improve and the demand environment stays strong very broadly. And also, it's very global, as I said in my comments by region. 
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, pricing in TE was positive across the company in the first quarter. And we do expect it will be positive this year for the year and certainly, as your point, in places like Transportation, that is very much contractual negotiations. And those discussions do lag a little bit. So, that will benefit our margin as we get through later in the year as well as the volume to help offset some of the headwinds that we've talked about being a little bit worse.  I think the one key I just want to remind everybody when we talk about prices, our normal business model, because we do play in the technology space, when we win programs, is how when we ramp them, we're going to get productivity back to our customers and that really varies by our segments. But we typically run in the 1% to 2% price erosion model. And right now, we're running in the low-single digit plus price. And I think that demonstrates – you see it in the margin. It also demonstrates how our teams are executing, and it's across all our segments. So, in some markets, we can get more than others. But I do expect we're going to be positive for the year. And we continue, as we see these inflationary effects, continue to implement more price actions. And I would say price isn't completely offsetting all of the inflation and supply chain challenges, but it's also the other elements of our business model are also driving the result. So, I do think it's a combination.  And to the second part of your question on automotive, I think the one thing that we're going to continue to see is, as volume moves up, you're going to continue to see that benefit. Certainly, we continue to have some of the restructuring elements that Heath talked about. And then, you're also going to have some of those price elements coming in, with the headwind really being the inflationary things that I think everybody's dealing with. And I don't think we're any different. So, hopefully, that frames those couple questions for you. 
Terrence Curtin: I have to start with, we aren't given guidance for the year. Certainly, the environment that we've been in. But I think some of the color I gave on the slides and the orders is we do expect, with the order trends we've seen, we've seen some markets accelerate that haven't accelerated in a long time, like com air and medical. We also see auto turning the corner in production. And certainly, we have to see that come to fruition later in the year, but it feels better than where we were six months ago. And we continue to see places like D&D and industrial equipment, the orders remain strong. And in some cases, the confidence of people placing orders out, I also give a positive indicator that they're planning out more, knowing that we all think that supply chain challenges around semis and other components are going to be with us.  I do think you can expect, as we move through the year, that it wouldn't be reasonable to expect a step up due to Transportation, due to Industrial in the second half of the year, with Communications coming down a little bit due to the appliance comments that Heath and I made.  I think when you think about beyond the businesses, I think the one headwind that Heath talked about was the dollar strengthening is a headwind for us year-over-year. It actually accelerated. So, sequentially, we're feeling it. But on a year-over-year basis, to our growth, that's going to be about $300 million to $400 million headwind on currency exchange on a full year basis that I do think, as your model, you want to keep in front of yourself. 
Terrence Curtin: Let's talk about content overall, I think, and then I'll try to click into some of your sub questions. I think the first thing we have to keep in perspective is where is auto production versus where's our revenue back to pre-COVID. Auto production still off 10% globally, and our revenue is up well above 10%. So when it comes to content, we feel very good about our content, and I think you've seen that content outperformance. Now, over this period, you mentioned some, but there's also been the supply chain dynamic. And every quarter, I know everybody wants us to be right on top of our range, and sometimes we're above and beyond. But we feel good about the 6 points of over performance here, including supply chain normalization that we were very transparent with you last year. We probably got some extra revenue last year as supply chains were trying to get back to normalization, people secure inventory. And I think even you look at our first quarter, where production went from 16 million to 19 million units, our revenue was flat. And it really was some of that supply chain excess got sucked up. And we think you're going to see that as we get back to normalization. So, that'd be a little bit of a headwind. But when you think about what OEMs are building, they are prioritizing. First, I would say it's not mix and trim, it's electric vehicles. There's demand for the electric vehicles. They're trying to keep up on that growth. And in certain parts of the world, there's regulatory conditions that they get penalized if they don't get these electric vehicles out. So, I think one of the things, first off, is I've talked about the growth of electric vehicles. It's clear our content is growth, it's 2x an electric vehicle. That has not changed. And we're benefiting from that. And as electric vehicles continue to accelerate, we'll continue to get the benefit of that.  We have also seen, and as I talked about last quarter, we do benefit from features, as well as increased electronics on a combustion engine, too. So, our content continues to increase on combustion engines, not just electric vehicle. Now, let's face it, one of the bigger drivers is the electronics that help a combustion engine be more efficient. That isn't a trim package. That is, guess what, for those that continue to make combustion engines and people have demand form, how do you make those more fuel efficient drive electronics, and that's some of the electronification. We're also seeing increased communication and infotainment. That is things that benefit us around the data side. And certainly, if automotive can – OEMs can add features that customers pay for, we always get those trim plus or minus, but that's not new. They're doing what they can.  So, I would tell you, when we think about content, how we step up, I think it's clear where our content position is. I also just want to say our globalness is unique. And I know I say this every call. But when you look at it, we benefit from electric vehicle everywhere, not in one region, not in one customer. And I think that's a pretty special position that's differentiated. And we feel very good about the 6 points of outperformance we're going to get this year. But in a certain quarter, you can get elements of supply chain. So I would just ask everybody when you see overperformance or underperformance, please don't overreact to it because supply chain has been very dynamic as auto production is trying to get to a more normal level. And let's face it, hopefully get up as the supply chain crisis and get much higher than where we are here. 
Terrence Curtin: It's a great question. I actually think you're going to see a booking level that's moving much more with production. So I think you're going to continue to see booking levels stay closer to probably around that 1 book-to-bill than where we were at certain points of the recovery. And I think that's a sign of stabilization. And I think you also see it in the levels of how OEMs need to bring production down. It has become a little bit more stable, even though the supply chain still is not flowing as freely as we would have liked. But I do think you're going to continue to see pretty solid order performance, and we've even seen it as we've started our second quarter, orders staying pretty strong and solid across all three regions of the world.
Terrence Curtin: First off, when you think about the pricing, and you've captured it right, we are a low single digits on the pricing side. And in CS and IS, about half of that goes through distribution. So we've been raising prices since last January. And that'll continue certainly [indiscernible] smaller customers.  When you get into the larger customers, whether it's CS, IS or TS, they are more contractual agreements. So in places of like auto, they will be later. But I would tell you, pricing is across all three segments. It is connected to the headwinds and inflation we feel in the different products across the segments. And in different segments, in some cases, it's full recovery. In other cases, it's partial. And it is elements of do we have some adders, but also, in those that are contractual, it's probably more pure price. So, it reflects the diversity of the markets we serve. I'm pleased with the progress we have to date. And in some cases where they're contractual, they'll come in a little bit later in the year than where we have in places like the channel that are pretty much within three months and more transactional. 
Terrence Curtin: I'm going to focus around IS and CS, to your question. The one element that we've seen when you look at these orders is, I think, first off, being we don't see inventory building up. And let's take, in those two segments, a big part of our business goes through distribution. Our distributors are probably where they typically run 180 days at any time. They're only at 150 days. And certainly, they would like to get to 180 days, and we have not been able to get them up to 180 days. So their inventory levels are still below from a turn and a velocity, below pre-COVID. And certainly, they're trying to fill a role that they normally play.  When you look at the larger customers, what we see is a scheduling out. I think a recognition that the supply chain is going to remain tight. And for those places where we typically would have had businesses where more orders would come in the current quarter and go out, we see our customers scheduling out and out quarters. And we see that in data and devices. I think that's an element of – as well as industrial equipment, those that we've seen extreme strength. You see our customers planning way out beyond the current quarter, beyond two quarters. And I think, in some cases, they're looking at certain other components like semiconductors that, in some cases, you have lead times that are 50 weeks, that used to be 26 weeks, and they're making sure and doing better planning to plan out around the long tent and the pole. So, you see that in the orders and industrial equipment, you see that in data and devices.  And then, in those markets that are just recovering, like medical, like com air, I would tell you, they're just starting to move forward after there's been inventory work-off in both of those markets. Those markets got hit hard. Certainly, there was excess inventory in the supply chain. For those that follow com air, Boeing and Airbus builds have been known, but what we like to see is that our orders are finally showing some of the elements to make sure we can pick up. So, I still think there's a couple markets that I think we could see further acceleration of orders as we move through the year and they don't feel elevated at all yet, but they show initial signs of strengthening.  So, I hope, Scott, that gives you some color across the different industries we play, especially in IS and CS since I did talk a lot about TS already in the transportation space. 
Terrence Curtin: In the Europe orders, that decline that we talked about was very concentrated around automotive. So, when you look at automotive, that drove the decline. In the industrial space, as well as in our communications markets, which are smaller there, we had very strong growth. But European automotive is an important position for us. It's certainly our leading business in Europe, and those orders were soft in the quarter, and that drove the decline. 
Terrence Curtin: When we talk about that customer base in the cloud, it is the hyperscalers of the planet. So when you look at it, that is still a concentrated customer base overall. But it's broad across all of them. And our market share is strong across all of them. So, it isn't like we're only tied to one of them, but it is very broad. And really, what's nice, and I said on the call is, as they're pushing the speeds up to 400 gig, clearly, as they're trying to keep up with the artificial intelligence, which creates more compute and storage clearly, there are things that they're looking to us to bring our technology to. And those wins are across the base of them. So, pleased with the performance there. And I think it really goes back to how we reposition our D&D business around the ultimate high speed versus what we were five, ten years ago. And it just shows the ongoing sheer momentum and the technology we bring to that space. And clearly, when you look at the margin, our team is performing very well in that segment. 
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the first half and I'll ask Heath to take the second half. When I think about it, and as I said to Scott's question a little bit earlier, some of the orders we're seeing in D&D right now are also scheduled out to make sure our supply is in place for those customers. I think you're going to continue to see our D&D business run at the high revenue levels it's at throughout this year. And really, how cloud CapEx builds off of that will be very important as we look into 2023 and beyond. But I do think when you continue to see the needs, as well as the efficiency that needs to be driven out of these data centers, feel very good about the momentum there, as well as the pipeline wins that we have.  So, let me let Heath talk about the margin side. 
