Tom Lynch: Thanks, Terrence. Please turn to Slide 14. I touched a little bit on this earlier, but let me reiterate our outlook. For the second quarter, we expect our sales to be in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. This is down slightly versus the prior year on an organic basis and about flat sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, we expect the Transportation segment to be up approximately 3%, Networks down about 4% and CIS down about 10%. CIS continues to be adversely impacted by weaker spending in our DataComm and industrial businesses, as well as channel adjustments as Terrence mentioned. But we do think it has bottomed out, and we expect the channel inventories to be close to normal at the end of the second quarter. Our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be $0.64 to $0.68, about flat with Q1. For the full year, sales are expected to be $13.8 billion to $14.2 billion, which is flat to slightly up versus 2011 on an organic basis and at currency rate -- at current rates, currency translation would be about a $300 million headwind versus last year, and this is the weaker euro.  Midpoint of our guidance is $14 billion and our major assumptions are auto production growth, 3% to 80 million vehicles year-over-year; second half seasonal increases in telecom and energy infrastructure; and an improvement in our CIS markets in the second half of the year compared to the first half, driven by the channel getting in balance and seasonality. Adjusted EPS for the year are expected to be $2.90 to $3.10 compared to 2011 adjusted EPS of about $3.03. And this $3.03 excludes the extra week in last year. So essentially, we're calling our current outlook for 2012 to be flat with 2011. Now if you can turn to Slide 15, with this, we're trying to illustrate the midpoint of our revenue guidance by quarter and give you a sense of the seasonality and also a sense of the change from the prior guidance by quarter. The big takeaways from this slide are that the first half sales are expected to average slightly above $3.3 billion and with the corresponding operating margin of about 12%, and second half sales will average about $3.65 billion, with operating margins back to the 14% level. Now when you take this versus the prior guidance for the full year, sales at the midpoint are about $600 million lower, and EPS at the midpoint is about $0.25 lower. Approximately $200 million and $0.05 of the EPS decline are related to the weaker euro. And the majority of the balance decline is related to weaker low or lower demand in our European businesses plus the channel correction. Now just a few closing comments. The first half was definitely slower than we expected when we guided back in October. And we feel bad about missing the first quarter, and in retrospect, more than anything, it looks like we maybe called the holiday impact wrong. But I still feel really good about the fundamentals of this business, and the fundamentals are going to get better when we close the Deutsch acquisition. And just to highlight, I think with Deutsch we just have a tremendous product range. I believe we're stabilizing in our consumer market. That has been a weak spot for us. It's still going to be a while before we improve, but I think we're getting stable there. I really believe CIS has bottomed. The key to that will be the channel getting back in balance this quarter. Our overall operating leverage is sound and the 12% at a 10% sequential decline, I think, kind of proves that out. Our customer satisfaction is up across the business, and we're going to continue to be a large cash generator. So I think the bottom line for us is we got to stay the course, make sure that as the volume picks up again, we take advantage of it, get to the 14%. And as volume moves above $3.6 billion we quickly close on the 15%. We're not coming off that because of a quarter or 2. So now let's open it up for questions. 
Tom Lynch: Amit, I would -- a couple of things. Let me -- the first part of that question would be it's pretty balanced across a little more in the channel because of the inventory correction. So clearly, the downturn there, I'd say, the channel adjustment later in the quarter more than early in the quarter. And if you look at the normal seasonal patterns of the business, we would expect -- I mean, that business typically will be stronger in the second half, and we also believe just that the absolute inventory levels at our customers, we know how much inventory we have in the channel and it's down. And it went down quite a bit in the first quarter. So those are the data points that give us some confidence. The OEMs we talk to, I'd say, are cautiously optimistic, but it's as much about seasonality and the channel getting back in balance as anything. 
Tom Lynch: Yes, I think that's it. And that's typically -- we would typically be 3 to 4 months after the semis in certain industries. So yes, I think your point is right on that. 
Tom Lynch: Well, there's 3 big pieces in our industrial business, which would be -- well, 2 big pieces. There is the general industrial market, which is equipment makers, rail, solar, things like that and also appliance, we include for purposes of this. So those businesses end market demand and appliance has been down. We're starting to see that level off. In the general industrial market, it's been drifting down, but the channel has been drifting down at a much steeper rate because about half of our business in industrial we serve through the channel. So when we see the business ramping up, if you would look at our trends over time, as that market begins to grow, we tend to grow ahead of it as inventory gets laid in to support the OEM's build plans. And then when the turns down, we tend to contract faster than it. On DataComm, I would say that we do quite a bit of business through the channel in DataComm as well, but I think there it's more of an end demand, continues to be weak at the big equipment makers. So that, I think, is going to last a little longer than industrial. 
Tom Lynch: The back half, the $600 million, if you look at second have versus first half revenue, about $100 million of that is distribution. And it's not so much filling up the channel. It's really not draining the channel more than anything else. So it's where sell-through begins to balance with sell-in. So what we sell in equals what they're selling out. As opposed to their sellout is out of balance with sell-in now. 
Tom Lynch: I would say Europe is the most, but there is still correction going on in Europe, U.S. and in Asia in the channels, but it's more pronounced in Europe because the end demand has been a little softer there. Whereas in the U.S., now I think we're seeing, in most of our markets, things pick up. It's the same -- and Asia has been fairly steady. 
Tom Lynch: So the big change -- so you have -- well, we had ADC in 10 months last year, so there's a little bit of a pickup from ADC, $185 million. You have the euro, which is a couple of hundred million plus weaker year-over-year, and then you have the European end markets. Right now, we're calling off about $300 million year-over-year. The other piece is, telecom spending relative to our guidance for sure, is going to be a little down our last guidance. 
Tom Lynch: Sure, I think it's mixed. Exports continue to be strong. We saw a little -- well, [indiscernible] Europe, the southern Europe market continues to be slow. That's been slow for a long time, and it's well below its normal demand and that's several years now. Germany, which is where we're strongest, is both pretty healthy as a local market, and of course, about half of that business gets exported. So -- and the U.S. and China and Eastern Europe are fueling the export market that we serve through the German OEMs. In Asia, I'd say it's steady. We're still seeing a recovery, particularly with the Japan OEMs from last year's earthquake, catching up with some pent-up demand. And the U.S. is growing double digits, and we're benefiting from that. So when you look at the big picture, year-over-year, European auto is going to be flat to slightly down for us. Asia will be up nicely. China will be up double digits. That's part of that. And the U.S. will be up double digits. 
Tom Lynch: It's tracking that way right now. So if it continues, yes. What we saw -- just to kind of recap for the company, October and November of last year, we are at a 1 book to bill. We dipped in December. We're back up slightly over 1 in January. Now we need to see it more than 3 weeks. But I would say it is giving us some confidence. And if you look at where our orders were running relative to last year in January, we're running 4% to 5% above that. 
Tom Lynch: Matt, a few things: One, we have cut additional cost in the quarter. I mean, part of our -- where we can select, we do. And so even with short-term changes in demand, there is some element of our cost structure we can flex. We do try to protect our ability to flex up though. So you're right. That's why the margin when you get down to 10%, we lose over a point in margin because we do believe that several other markets are bottoming out. But we definitely reduce costs in the quarter, and we flexed down and up, I think from the end of the third quarter, we're down 6,000 people. Some of that is temporary. Some of that's flexing out. It's difficult things, but we do flex within the quarter as well, and of course, we tighten down discretionary spending. Plus, the second part of your question I would say we do expect demand to improve toward the -- end of this quarter and into the second half. So we're making sure we'll be ready for that. 
Tom Lynch: No. I think one thing is that where the weaknesses is, is in more with the non-German OEMs, and we have a little less content there and in the more high-end content, in the German OEMs as well. So no, I don't expect any margin pressure from that other than the normal flow-through on MOT's [ph] revenue. 
Tom Lynch: Part of it is -- and look, I think there is an element of uncertainty for sure. But part of it is the decline was so abrupt in Q4 and Q1. And what our customers are telling us was there's -- a significant part of that was related to what was going to play out in the U.S. So until that was sorted out, where should I spend and how should I spend? So we think that's sort of the unnatural part of the decline, and we would expect that to catch up. And again, we're listening to our customers. And also, when you look at the need for more coverage and more capacity, that's only going to get worse, and we know that there's CapEx constraints that all companies have to go through. So it's really a little bit of a bounce back off of a very, very low point, as well as coming out of the winter into the spring and the summer when you have the natural increase in build. But I'd say if you were to sort of handicap all of the major segments, there's probably a little more uncertainty with this one. 
Tom Lynch: Yes. So I think as I just said, down almost 20%. The first quarter levels of our total telecom business was down about 24% from where it was in the second half of last year, so a pretty substantial decline. Our second half assumption is about flat with the second half of last year. So yes, I think there is some uncertainty there, but we're not looking for a huge boomerang above last year's spending level. So our assumption for spending -- telecom spending on our kind of equipment versus what we thought a quarter ago is down, clearly down. 
Tom Lynch: DAS is very big in the U.S. and was very slow in Q4 and Q1. There are many things that where there was just no spending. 
Tom Lynch: And I’ll just say a little specificity around Europe is our first half of '12 will be slightly below our first half of '11 in Europe in energy and about equal with the second half. So to Terrence's point, we're not counting on growth in Europe. That's part of this broader -- the EUR 300 million -- the guidance change across our European businesses, and energy's part of that. 
Tom Lynch: Well, I would say that the climb up, as we indicated there, there's a steepness to it. It's a little bit steeper, but I don't feel, as I said at the end of my comments, I don't feel different about the fundamentals. I think a weak quarter or 2 always gives pause for reflection, but if you think of the things that are driving it, creating more efficient energy with the requirements that are in automotive, in cars around the world, increasing requirements for emission improvement, in commercial vehicles for emission improvement, the whole new commercial aircraft rollout that's underway and we're benefiting from the buildout of broadband. Yes, it's a little slower than we thought this quarter and next quarter. But, boy, it's still in the beginning of the digital age really when you look at that. So everything that we model and the way the network looks like, we're still really happy to have the best fiber portfolio. So I don't think we don't feel different about the fundamentals. Could the timing be off a little bit? Yes. But we've also seen the way things bounce back after being depressed for a quarter or 2. So I still like our position. 
Tom Lynch: Well, I think there's always pricing pressure. No question. I think -- I don't think it's materially different. I think we face it all the time. I mean, if you look at copper, it dipped down for a while. Now it's bounced back up. And when it dipped down, we probably got a little more question about that, but we were adjusting prices to a level of copper that was lower than it was even 3 to 6 months ago. I think it's just a fact of life in this business that we have to always contend with, and I think we're doing a better job than we've done in the past with it, both on pricing and productivity. But it's not going away. 
Tom Lynch: The traditional business. Sensitive Object technology is very promising, and we have our first product in the market with that. It's a very little bit of revenue right now, but that's an exciting technology. But it's about -- the improvement is in the traditional business. 
Terrence Curtin: Let me talk a couple of things. Certainly, from the standpoint that we were very pleased with our Transportation segment performance in the quarter even though it did get a little bit softer in Europe. When you look at it, we did go up close to 16%. We do think we'll be maintaining around 15% from the years, so some of it was a little bit of timing on the margin, Amit. But we do think that the Transportation segment, even with the slightly lower global auto production, will stay about 15% for the entire year. 
Terrence Curtin: What we -- let's -- mainly the action we've been taking on the top have been mainly in CIS. We have been reducing our workforce in that area to basically resize with the demand expectations, and right now, we do expect in our guidance that the CIS business in the second half, with the actions and the volume, will get back up into the 12% to 13% OI range in the second half of the year. So certainly, we're being hit by the volume. To your point, we were down. In the first half, we still expect that to be down more than 10%. And we expect our second half really to get flat with prior year in CIS. So when you look at certainly we have the inventory corrections Tom talked about, we think with that, we will get our margins back up into the 12% to 13% range on being flat in the second half. 
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, you're right how we put it in. Due to the timing of regulatory processes, it was a little -- we don't -- we would not include that until the timing gets more certain. So from that viewpoint, certainly that will be additive, both the EPS when it closes in the timing that's left in the year. Deutsch could improve the margin little bit, but I don't think it would been bring the full year margin up from what's low 13s included in our guidance up to 14% for the year. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, to it -- you have a couple of questions there. Number one, with what we've done so far, we still have about 15% of our total sales through distribution. That's moved up maybe a point with the changes we've made. On revenue recognition, we record revenue when the title transfers when we actually sell in. So we don't do it like the semis that do it on sellouts. So from that viewpoint, we do record revenue when we sell in, and they take the inventory. On visibility, I mean, certainly, they are a channel. We do talk to them, but certainly, this has been deeper from what they communicated to us when we do our forecasting. And from that viewpoint, I don't know how we improve that visibility, but we continue to have discussions and it does -- similar to the semi comment made earlier, it does look like we are in the bottoming here. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. When you look at it -- last call, we talked about basically a global auto production, around 82 million units, and as we said, we expect it to be 80 million now. With the decline really being driven by Europe as those production estimates have moderated and really, as part of what Tom said on our guidance estimate, we have reduced our automotive revenue by about $100 million per year for the production declines in Europe. So we still, even on a 3% auto production increase globally, we do expect to grow about twice that amount this year based upon our share as well as content increases. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, just to add to Tom's first question -- first comment, we've taken our temporary workers down by about 20% since June, and that continued through the first quarter. And I think that's why you saw some of the resiliency in the operating margin. So about 2/3 of the 6,000 Tom mentioned are out of our temporary workers, and then the other element was our workforce itself. 
Terrence Curtin: Sherri, this is Terrence. So when you look at CIS and Network Solutions for the first half, the second half, both of them will be up about 15% first half to second half. Whereas, automotive will be up slightly about 3% first half to second half. So you're right. When you look at CIS, as I mentioned, that would be basically getting back flat year-on-year. And then Networks, it would be up about 4% year-over-year, second half to second half. So that's how we're looking at it. And as Tom said, a big chunk of that seasonality but also some inventory -- lack of inventory correction in the second half in CIS. 
Terrence Curtin: And Sherri, the other thing I would add is that basically assumes -- we're sort of assuming a flat to slightly down global telco CapEx picture. 
Terrence Curtin: That comment was meant to be broad based, not just Europe. We did see similar to a lot of our businesses towards the end of December, a little bit of a contraction there as December ended. But my comments that I made on the script really related to global energy, not just Europe. And also, that is a business that does have very pronounced seasonal patterns in our Q3 and Q4 due to it being in the outside environment. So it does include seasonality plus the continued demand we're seeing around the world. 
Terrence Curtin: If you look at that from a CIS specific standpoint, you would probably need to be in the 1.3 to 1.4 per quarter level roughly, Shawn. So when you look at, you would need to be up towards that level. 
Terrence Curtin: That did not surprise. That was completely in line with our expectations that we laid out. So when you look at it, one of the reasons it was merged was just the convergence of devices. It is difficult to break out tablets and mobile devices, so that’s why they were put together, and it was in line with our expectations. 
