Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence. And good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide nine where I will provide more details on Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was $623 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 17.9%, leveraging the strong organic growth of 8%. GAAP operating income was $581 million and included $35 million of restructuring charges and $7 million of acquisition charges. For the full year, I continue to expect restructuring charges of approximately $150 million, driven primarily by activity in our Industrial Solutions segment as we optimize the footprint and makes structural improvements across our TE cost structure. Adjusted EPS was $1.40, up a very strong 22% year-over-year, primarily driven by sales growth and operating margin improvement. For the quarter, our adjusted EPS performance was $0.15 above our prior guidance midpoint due to the strong revenue performance and operating income follow-through. GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.11 for the quarter and included a one-time tax-related charge of $1.42 of EPS, primarily due to the recently passed US tax legislation and restructuring and acquisition-related charges of $0.09. Because of the reduction in the US corporate tax rate, we recorded a charge to income tax expense of approximately $500 million to write-down our US deferred income tax assets. In Q1, our adjusted effective tax rate was 17.3%. As we said on our last call, we expect a full year tax rate in the 19% to 20% range and we now expect taxes to come in at the lower end of that range. For Q2, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. Now, if you turn to slide ten please. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2017 was exceptionally strong, so we have some tough compares on a year-over-year basis.  However, if you look at our performance sequentially, we continue to demonstrate the consistent progress we're making as a company. Our strong Q1 results demonstrate that we're performing well against our business model and executing upon multiple levers to drive earnings growth, including organic growth, consistent capital deployment strategy of M&A and return of capital to our owners, and margin expansion through TE OA and cost reduction efforts. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 34%, down from prior year, but up 100 basis points sequentially. Adjusted operating margins were up 10 basis points year-over-year to 17.9%, a record for the company. Adjusted operating margins were up 160 basis points sequentially, with organic growth driving leverage in the operating structure of the company. Adjusted EBITDA margin in Q1 were 22.7%, down slightly from prior year, up 150 basis points sequentially. During our investor day last month, I discussed return on invested capital and our focus on balancing between growth and returns. We're targeting mid-teens adjusted ROIC through focused investing to support organic growth, while enabling long-term growth opportunities through acquisitions. Our business continues to generate solid free cash flow. In the quarter, cash from operations was $350 million and free cash flow was $127 million, in line with our expectations. We've returned $355 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. We also increased our investments in the business to capitalize on growth opportunities where we consistently demonstrate high returns. We've included a balance sheet and cash flow summary in the appendix for the additional details. With that, I will turn the call back over to Terrence.
Heath Mitts: It's, obviously, a timely question, Wamsi. I appreciate it. The change in the US tax regulations that went into effect first part of this year, signed into legislation late calendar 2017, don't have a tremendous impact in terms of how we think about capital allocation.  At the end, a Swiss-based company, we don't have a repatriation issue in terms of where our cash is located. And the most important thing is, although some of the changes in the tax regulations, both here as well as some of the things that are going on in other parts of the world, probably put a little bit of pressure on our tax rate, our effective tax rate, over the next couple of, three or four years. I could see us moving up 100, 200 basis points, maybe to that 21%, 22% range, if you look out over the next three or four years. The most important thing to go back to, though, on that is our cash tax rate, which is the true economics, is still in the mid to high-teens. And that doesn't get dramatically impacted by the change in the policy. So, as we think about payback and returns and return on invested capital in terms of operational decisions and capital allocation, it doesn't have a tremendous impact on us. And, obviously, we'll plan around this. And while the US is an important piece, North America is only a third of our business. We have two-thirds of our business outside the US and we need to pay attention to those things as well.
Heath Mitts: Listen, we don't have enough time on this call to take everyone to purchase price accounting – project accounting in terms of percentage of completion. And it has its own levels of complexity that we can certainly take offline. What I would tell you is that you should expect the next couple of quarters to look somewhat like this last quarter from a margin perspective, having that low double digits as the issue, albeit behind us operationally, does bleed over, the elements of the contract.  It won't surprise us, as we get towards the end of some of the things, as well as new contracts that kick in, that you would see a quarter that would be in the other side of that. That would be higher than what we would expect. Sometimes, Terrence will refer to the SubCom margins as EKG machine [ph] because they can move [ph] around relative to how the percentage of completion accounting works. Having said that, the true economics of the business are still quite solid. Cash flow coming out of the SubCom this year is quite good. We had a great Q1, had a cash flow for SubCom and we expect the remainder of the year. So, we could take some of the dynamics of the project accounting offline. But I would tell you that you could see some swings late this year or into the early part of next year, for sure.
Heath Mitts: As I said in my prepared remarks, we had guided a tax rate – an effective tax rate of 19% to 20% here at the beginning of the year. I would say we are trending towards the bottom end of that. Some element of that would be attributable to some of the changes in the US policy and some of it is just jurisdictional mixes, where we have things coming in from.  So, not a tremendous impact. Versus other companies, we already start with a pretty low rate. And again, I continue to scare people back. We would expect our cash taxes for the year to be in the mid to high teens. So, pretty good numbers.
Heath Mitts: Certainly, that has an impact. As I discussed, we had about – there's multiple elements to it, but we had about $500 million write-down in our US deferred tax assets in the quarter. And that's a non-cash charge that we took and I think you'll see a lot of other companies discussing similar type of adjustments to their balance sheet. Largely, that had to do with write-downs to our assets on our balance sheet for the new tax rate relative to both our carryforward net operating losses as well as our carryforward, what they call, 163(j), which is some of the intercompany or just general debt interest rate deductibility. And that's part of that $500 million that we wrote down.
Heath Mitts: In automotive, that sounds – so, the automotive programs will get stronger through the year. When you look at the fourth quarter versus where they are, the double-digit we had in the first quarter was slow, but that's in the automotive piece of sensors, Steven.
Heath Mitts: Actually, the incentives, we spent a lot of time last year talking about the incentives where the incentives probably hung on a little bit longer last year. But the incentives are over in China. And what's really great, like I laid out earlier, it's a global position. The only thing we've seen in China a little bit is we've actually seen the car OEMs get a little bit more aggressive in pricing than actually waiting for a government incentive, probably more traditional behavior that we would we see here in the Western world than what we've seen in China versus government incentive.  But the government incentives are over. And when we think about auto production globally this year, Asia, including China, with China as the biggest piece, we expect to be about 3% for the year. And we expect the globe to be 3% for the year. So, instead of China and Asia having an outperformance versus global auto production, we sort of view it to be an average. And our increase in the auto production from 1% to 2% was as much due to Europe as it was due to Asia. Both contributed and both of that pretty much in the first half of our year. So, production in the first quarter was a little stronger. We expected a little bit stronger due to Europe and Asia here in the second quarter. Second half auto production estimates by us are essentially unchanged.
Heath Mitts: Well, Sherri, this is Heath. I'll take the question. I would say that, certainly, we came out of the year on all cylinders from a margin perspective and we feel good about the performance. We would expect the margins in the Transportation segment to moderate, closer to the more normalized number, closer to 20 percentish, albeit we'll still show nice year-over-year margin expansion within that segment. Same with the Industrial side. I would say Industrial is probably a little rich in the quarter. But still, lot of positive trends there. Within Communication, as I indicated earlier, we would expect, because of some of the project accounting timing, with SubCom, it would still stay in the low-double-digits, maybe jus inside where we are today. So, conservatism in the second half of the year is for others to discern, not me. But I would say that we're taking a cautious feel and we feel good about the organic growth. We feel good about the orders. And there's nothing in our guidance assumption that assumes there's big cost inflow or major mix change that's different, but we're taking a normal and a fairly cautionary approach. And we'll update everybody every 90 days.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Mark, this is Heath. I think, again, similar to Sherri's question, we had some normal seasonality with that as well. So, I think that's a little bit low from a modeling perspective for fiscal 2018, that 10.9%. But, certainly, as we discussed at the investor day back in December, we do have a goal of moving our operating expenses, inclusive of SG&A, closer to 16%, while protecting our R&D and our raw engineering spend within that. So, you will see progress towards that. I would think that modeling it that low for the rest of the year is probably a little aggressive, though.
Terrence Curtin: Amit, thank you for the question. I would say this. The industrial team has been hyper focused on not just their organic growth opportunities, but also improving their market structure here. That didn't just start when we started talking about it a little bit more publicly during the investor day and some of our pre-calls.  However, I would tell you that the benefit that you saw in the quarter was largely around the leverage from that organic revenue growth. We have, as we've talked pretty extensively about, some significant footprint optimization, things that we're working on.  We'll see more of the benefit of that either later this year, but more pointedly into 2019 as that's a multiyear journey to get to those numbers. So, the 14%, we're proud of. And I think the teams have worked hard to get there. But did not receive a huge benefit from some of the footprint pieces that we've talked about that will be forthcoming. And we'll continue to keep you posted over the next several quarters and couple of years.
Terrence Curtin: As I said in my comments – thank you for the question, Amit. If you look at the guide, when we think about the year, certainly, we had a strong first quarter. We are teed up for a strong second quarter. And we did leave our back half unchanged. I think when you look at the markets, and let's start with the markets, first of all, we see an auto environment that we think production has gotten a little stronger than we guided last quarter. Last quarter, we talked about 1% production growth through the year. We view the year is going to be more 2%. But we do think that production growth is first half loaded and is mainly around Asia and Europe. North America has not changed. The industry markets are sort of as we saw them, so we didn't really change our guidance on the year. And then communications, what's really nice in communications, the growth that we had, I think communications, while the year is going to be flat, is really driven by appliances and D&D. We thought SubCom would cycle down and cycling down a little bit more due to this ramp program. So, the second half is unchanged. It's really our view of the markets. And we updated you for what we believe we see in front of us and we'll continue to update you as we go forward. But I think it is fair to say, it's the same guidance we gave you three months ago on the second half.
Terrence Curtin: Well, thank you for the question. And let me take the second half of your question first, Wamsi, and it's one of the things that I think – our auto position, we've always talked about how proud we are of that position and what we've accomplished there. But I do believe, when you think about our global position, you're really seeing it this year. So, last year, when we talked – we grew double digits on a 3% production environment. And a lot of that growth last year was we had a very strong China cycle. We had a nice European production environment. And North America was flat. When you look at this year, North America is going to continue to be flat. Production is going to be down a little bit. And like I said in my guidance, it's going to be high-single-digits. So, you're still seeing that content. And that content is broad-based of all the things that we talked about during investor day to you, whether that be electric vehicle, whether that be the connected car. And also, just the core qualification of the car as well. We can't lose sight of that; how electronics just in other applications, like safety, play a big part.  When you look at this year, though, geographically, Europe is going to have the strongest production growth this year. So, it is going to be probably the largest driver from a rate perspective of production growth, followed by Asia. North America, flat. And with our very strong European position and our engagements we have with our customers, we're going to continue to be talking about Europe, I think, for the rest of the year, which it's going to be a little bit different than last year where we talked a lot about China and Asia. And so, this proves our great global position. And the content growth is global. I mentioned in my comments, we grew double-digit in North America and a flat environment. We feel pretty comfortable we can grow mid-single digit in North America. And that market has been flat for multiple years now. And it just shows what we're bringing to our customers.
Terrence Curtin: It's a great question. And it's just one of those things, when you look at electric vehicles, everybody is looking because it is so new. It is only about 4 million units when you take EV and plug-in hybrids. It's still a small part of the market. And you're seeing a lot of experimentation around what's the best way not only to get connection and power, but also in the most affordable way into the system. So, I think when you look at things like you talked about, there's lots of things that are happening around EV architecture [indiscernible]. What is great for us, we wouldn't only play in that, but as I think those of you that joined us on investor day, the breadth of our portfolio isn't just about one thing. It's about many things. It's about the inlets. It's about what happens around the battery as well as the sensors around it. So, when you look at something like that, that's both an opportunity for us, as well as things that may influence our product [indiscernible]. But when we think about content per vehicle in an EV, because of the breadth not just in sensors, but what we do as we shared with you, we have some programs that are up to $500 a vehicle. 2x content. And what's great is we're exposed to those trends and our product breadth is so broad, we're going to benefit whether it's a wireless or a connected solution.
Terrence Curtin: I would say twofold. We get benefits from two areas from those trends. You heard us highlight the wins we have in SubCom, which clearly are the high-speed backbone to really make those data centers work from that data traffic, and especially with video. We are seeing that in our – certainly in our SubCom order book that we highlighted. The other thing I would say, no different than last year, the amount of growth momentum we have around the cloud in our D&D business is almost entirely our growth driver in our data and devices business. So, while we'll talk about growth rate that might be low-single-digits, that cloud activity [indiscernible]. Where there is some slower activity in sort of telco spending and things like that and wireless is still sort of slow, but net-net, the cloud activity we have in our data and device businesses drove the growth last year that you saw, off repositioning of the portfolio. And it's also the primary driver of growth today in the business when we look at the guidance we gave you for the year and some of our excitement about it is all around the cloud and the hyperscale engagements we have.
Terrence Curtin: Shawn, I think that's a fair question given how the last couple of quarters of our fiscal 2017 we were down in the 18 percentish range for transportation and we had talked some about some of the supply chain issues. Largely, those issues are behind us. The team has done a nice job working through even at these higher volumes some of those issues. And I think, as we guided, we would be up in to 19% range for that Transportation segment numbers and we certainly exceeded our own expectations and the team executed very well in the quarter. I would tell you, as you think about the remaining three quarters of the year, given the volume that we foresee and so forth, you should probably expect that to be more back at its normalized margins, around that 20 percentish range.  But you've got to know that, in a given quarter, a 90-day period, you could have a mix within a quarter that can swing it around a little bit too. But we're proud of the team working through a lot of the operational matters that kind of plagued us a little bit in the final part of 2017 and feel good about our position as we work our way through 2018.
Terrence Curtin: David, certainly. When you take our business, it's a lot of small projects. So, there isn't any one big program. I think when you look at, to some of your comment, we're seeing, like I think a lot of companies, you have synchronous global growth, which is benefiting the orders. But it's really our global position. I wouldn't say there was any big one order outside of SubCom [indiscernible]. When you look at it, what's nice is, it's across all the trends and the bets we've been making on the portfolio, where to position this portfolio. So, the wins that we are seeing are along those applications that we laid out at investor day. So, whether they are auto, whether it is commercial transportation, what we're doing at sensors, all of them grew double-digit. It's not one big program. What we are doing around factory automation, we continue to see those trends. We also – medical continues the momentum that we had. And in appliances and data and devices, like Joe said, we're getting the benefit of the cloud. And we're also getting the benefit of miniaturization and efficiency in appliances. So, it is extremely broad-based. And you're seeing it in the orders. It's not one thing and it's not one market. It's really nice around the secular trends we talked about.
Terrence Curtin: I wouldn't say the size of the opportunities are changing dramatically. I would say the take-up rates are a little bit heavier as we're seeing volumes stronger. So, the opportunities are similar to what we framed out when we think it down. And we think about opportunities as content per application. But we're seeing some of the volumes, the underlying volumes being stronger and strong positions we want.  And even if we want a program in the first quarter, it won't be MI [ph] orders. If I want an automotive program and isn't till the customers start placing orders, which could be two, three years out. So, when you look at the orders, they are programs that were won three, four, five years ago, not as current other than SubCom. SubCom is the only exception.
Terrence Curtin: What we get excited about is where we're positioned. When we sit there and we talked to many of you about, our view on EV plug and hybrid, hybrid, we sort of put a lot of those together. We sort of view that's about 4 million units today. About over the next five years, you're going to get up to about 16 million units. I don't think that will be linear. You get into how do governments support it, what social adoption and things like that. But, clearly, when you take what's happened with diesel, EV has come much more to the forefront. You see it with all our global OEM customers that really the two things that they're all focused on is both the autonomous trends and the electric vehicle trends. And what's great is both those trends impact us and we're positioned to capitalize on them. So, I feel very good about the momentum we have, the wins we shared with you. And when you sit there, while it's still a small part of our business, when we talk about the content going from $62 up to well over $80, that's going to be a big trend that drives that and that's part of the growth momentum we've talked to you about and we're investing. Heath talked about the investments that we're making around growth. Certainly, see it in the capital. It's really to make sure we capitalize on the EV trends globally, not with one customer, not in one region and we're really well positioned and it's still small today, but it's going to be a big growth driver as we go forward.
Terrence Curtin: Craig, it's a great question. When you look at clearly having global synchronous growth, that creates tightness in itself. And I do think some of our businesses, whether it be things like commercial transportation, you see the growth rate we have there as the ag and the construction are strengthening. I think you see a little bit of it in our industrial equipment business as well as in our appliance businesses as you're getting it. We're getting some of the benefit as supply chains are catching up. So, that's where we see it. It would be more around those markets. And we do expect in our guidance, some of those markets will moderate as we get into the second half of the year with a view of some of that tightness will work out. But across the portfolio, when you look at the growth rates, our growth is very broad. And I think you can see where the areas that there are some places that it does feel hot. That could moderate as we get into the second half. When we look at our channel partners, our channel partners inventory have been staying pretty stable. And their sell-out and our sell-in, their point of sale and our point of purchase pretty much in line. So, it's been nice to see that that inventory in the channel is not going up. It's staying pretty much in line point of sale out and point of purchase in. and that's something we look at at a sort of pretty stable there in balance. We don't see it getting ahead of itself.
Terrence Curtin: Number one, I do believe, as we highlighted at investor day, both those trends will impact us. Autonomous, when you think about autonomous and TE, you think about high speed. It's really the high-speed that we always talk about that you need with connectivity, getting into the car. And that's why we did Hirschmann. So, that we view is going to be something very important to us, as well as just what Craig asked on EV. When you get around the power dynamic that need to happen, how do you make power move in a car, going from a 12 volt to a full EV vehicle. Really plays into what we do.  So, when we look at the content, historically, we probably would have told you, before price, content, we grow 4% for us above underlying production. We basically, as Steve highlighted on investor day, we sort of view that's moved up to more like a 6% due to those key trends. So, I think the way that we're positioned, and also our global position, not just the technology we bring to our customers, I think we're very unique that how we cover the world and our leading position is equal globally, we will get the benefit no matter where the trends stay. 
Terrence Curtin: No, they are not. When you think of automotive or commercial truck programs, when you win those programs, especially in automotive, because [indiscernible] didn't really have an automotive position, they come in with the program launches. So, it isn't like automotive OEMs are moving up their launches. They are very methodical about program launches and how they make sure the vehicle quality is out there. So, when you look at the growth we had, it's in line with the timing we saw.
Terrence Curtin: So, on 5G, if you take the past couple of years, Deepa, we have been talking a lot about data center and cloud. In the wireless, the next big step function in there is 5G. I do believe your timing is right on there. We like our position with 5G. Just the market trend hasn't kicked in yet to benefit us, for us to talk about. But, clearly, it's a trend that will benefit us starting in 2019 and beyond to our D&D business. All right. Thank you for the questions.
Terrence Curtin: So, first off, yes. The content growth story, the same content trends we have gotten in automotive because of our strong position, we're able to take them over to Industrial Transportation. And the other thing that's very nice about our industrial transportation business, it's pretty globally balanced as well. So, last year, when we spoke, we spoke a lot about China and what we were able to do around the China heavy truck cycle. Certainly, they had some regulation changes around the loading of trucks and we had the benefit of a strong heavy truck market in China as well as the content. As we came into this year, we thought the heavy truck market would slow down in China. It is, as we thought. But what's been really nice is some of the other areas that were not contributing as strong – the construction, the agriculture – is starting to kick in, which is also driving both market trend and content growth wins that we've had that's creating this really strong cycle. So, we feel good that – it's better than we thought it was going to be due to some of these other markets kicking in – ag and construction specifically. It just shows the strength of our global position and the trends we've tried to offer around where we add content with our customers. And it's been good to see and our team has done a tremendous job not only getting the content win, also make sure they are satisfying customers. Having 30% growth in a business and delivering to a more global customer base, that's quite a feat.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, we did. Actually, as I said, we had double-digit growth in the commercial transportation piece of our sensor business in the quarter. So, we had auto, commercial transportation as well as the industrial end markets, all three had double-digit growth in sensors. So, we're actually seeing the benefit of that as well.
Terrence Curtin: When you sit there, there's a couple of things. You have both medical in there and industrial in there. So, when you look at those two – and both of them, really, what we're seeing in factory automation as well as medical continues. Certainly, in the industrial piece of it, it is around the factory automation element. And it is similar to some of the comments I made around automotive. It is global. We're seeing strength in Europe. We're seeing strength in the Americas. And certainly, continuing in China around factory automation. So, I would say, we're seeing the benefit of global strength that has lifted that up. There is content gain in there as well, Steve. That is also a big driver, which is important. The piece that we're just watching back to – a little bit of Craig's question, I do think there are some supply-chain elements that we would expect that business to moderate a little bit in the second half, just due to people trying to secure supply, but that's the one piece that I would say we need a little bit more wait and see on as we get too exciting there.
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the second one. It's not weather. It was not – it had nothing to do with component. It's a new project ramp that took us a little bit longer to get out and manufacture it. It was within our shop.  So, when you sit there, it's a big complicated project with new technology. And it took us longer to get the system up and running. And that's impacted us. Like you said, the cycle is very strong. And when you look at the backlog that we booked and the orders year-to-date of $400 million, last year, we did $500 million for the year. We just did $400 million in the first full month of this year. So, the cycle is healthy. And I think it's similar to what we highlighted last month, is we like the cycle. It's elongated. Even some of the programs we want are out in 2021. They aren't programs that we could even start today. So, we do feel it's the cycle that Shad highlighted to you during investor day and this is just a new project ramp that we did resolve. We will get the benefit. But to Shawn's question, project accounting is not always the most intuitive. And it will have to work through over the life of the project. That will create a little lumpiness in the CS market. On your first question on content, it does come back to program launches. It does also come back into mix a little bit. I think we feel very good about that 6% content growth that Steve talked about. In some cases, it will be. Is there more EV adoption versus combustion engine adoption? I can't say we are at a new normal. What I can tell you is, we are very well-positioned against all those trends that are colliding in a positive way in the automotive space. And what I feel very good about, both last year and this year, we're proving to you consistently of our content story versus a production environment that, last year, was 3%. This year, it is 2%. And we're consistently outgrowing it. And it is due to that content position, that's how we bring value to customers. So, I can tell you, we feel very good on what we told you last month. And I don't think one quarter changes it.
Terrence Curtin: Okay, thank you, Mark. It looks like we have no further questions. So, I would like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning.  If you've got any follow-up questions, please contact investor relations at TE. Thank you. And have a nice day.
