Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide 9, where I’ll provide more details on the Q4 financials. Adjusted operating income was $538 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.3% as we expected. The GAAP operating income was $444 million and included $71 million of restructuring and other charges and $23 million of acquisition charges and other items. For the full year, restructuring charges were $255 million. Now this is lower than we expected due to the timing of certain footprint actions. And you keep in mind that these actions are complex activities, so there is some that have moved from that where the charges will be taken instead of late in 2019 this had moved into 2020, but nothing fundamentally has changed with our overall restructuring plans. As a result, I expect restructuring charges to be at similar levels in fiscal 2020 as we continue to execute on optimizing manufacturing footprint and improving the cost structure of the organization. Adjusted EPS was $1.33, down 1% year-over-year and we were able to preserve adjusted EPS despite the sales decline of 6%, as Terrence mentioned. This demonstrates our ability to execute on multiple levers to drive earnings performance. GAAP EPS was $1.11 for the quarter and included restructuring acquisition and other charges of $0.22. And the adjusted effective tax rate in Q4 was 15.1%. Our full year 2019 adjusted effective tax rate was 15.5%. The Swiss tax reform, which is in the process of being enacted currently, which we mentioned last quarter results in our effective tax rate increasing to the high-teens going forward. For 2020, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate of between 18% and 18.5% due to these tax reform changes. However, importantly we do not expect an impact to our cash tax rate, which will stay below our reported ETR, so in the mid-teens for cash tax rate. Turning to slide 10, our full year results demonstrate strong performance in the benefit of our portfolio position in what turned out to be a declining demand environment. Our sales were down approximately $550 million year-over-year, which included approximately $400 million impact from currency exchange rates. On the 4% sales decline, we saw an only 1% reduction in adjusted EPS. Adjusted EPS was $5.55 and we were able to maintain 17% adjusted operating margins despite the sales decline. Adjusted EBITDA margins were approximately 22% and reflect the strong cash performance of the business. So for the full year free cash flow increased by 15% to $1.6 billion with net capital expenditures representing a little over 5% of sales. We remain committed to our balanced capital deployment strategy. We deployed $300 million for acquisitions that will strengthen our sensing and electric vehicle technologies. And please note this does not include the first sensor acquisition that we announced previously and should close some time next spring or early summer. ROIC for the year remains strong in the mid-teens and we continue to target mid-teens ROIC as we balance organic investments with acquisition opportunities. Our balance sheet is healthy and we expect cash flow to remain strong, which provides us the flexibility to utilize cash to support organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth while also allowing us to return capital to our shareholders and continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. So I'm pleased with -- that our team reacted quickly and pulled the levers, and our business model throughout the year helped mitigate the impacts of the weaker sales on our margin and EPS performance. As you should expect, we will continue to balance our structural cost actions and our long-term growth investments to ensure sustainability in our business model. With that, I'll turn it back over to Terrence to cover guidance.
Heath Mitts: Shawn this is Heath. I think you have to -- we have restructuring activity going on in all three of the segments okay. And so now to Terrence's point earlier on the markets and so forth, we are seeing and we continue to expect organic performance next year down 2% and it's a little bit steeper in the Communications segment even. So, as we look at it, we will be exiting the year and we anticipate exiting the year next year closer to our existing run rate here for the second half of 2019, so kind of in that 17-ish number in terms of exiting next year. As you break it down by segment, you would expect continued tick up from our entry point into 2020 and then to the exit points for each of the three segments. Our plan for Industrial has always been how do we consistently get it in from where it historically had been in the low teens operating margins to get it consistently in the mid to high teens. We're a little bit of ahead of schedule on that multiyear journey as you saw the year-over-year improvement in Industrial this year. Transportation certainly has room to move up, particularly as some of the plans come offline that are part of the overall restructuring plan. How much of that we see in 2020 versus as we go into 2021 is still to be determined based on the timing of getting those offline. And then Communications, the smallest of the three segments, so you're always going to have the most volatility in margins there just by the law of small numbers. However, as you look at it over time that business should average out somewhere in the mid-teens from an operating margin perspective. They're obviously battling up against a fair amount of volume depression right now.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Thanks for the question Wamsi. Listen we're pleased with the cash flow performance. I mean we talked a lot about the markets here and earnings and margins and so forth. But at the end of the day, cash is still king. And we feel very good about our ability to -- in this environment, our operating model allows us to reporting capital out pretty aggressively. So, between working capital optimization, we obviously are spending less in CapEx in this environment, but don't misinterpret that or anything in terms of funding growth activities that still remains strong. We're also taking advantage of some of the investments we've made when we were spending more in the prior year to add capacity in certain regions that is allowing us to move some of the restructuring that we're doing now. Now, there will be some restructuring dollars put into play as we go into 2019 in terms of mainly severance expense and so forth related to those restructuring activities. But as we look forward, I would anticipate a similar level of CapEx in 2020 as we just experienced in 2019. I would expect our working capital to stay resilient and I would expect a similar type of conversion if you will between cash and net income as we think about FY 2020. So, it's a good story.
Heath Mitts: Joe appreciate the question. The current outlook that we just guided to seems a fairly de minimis amount of acquisition. I think there's -- year-over-year there's about $50 million of top line impact. And as you can imagine with businesses just coming online that's only $0.01 or so of EPS. The -- as we look forward particularly into First Sensor, which is the more sizable of the deals our -- given where the uncertainty of the timing and one that's going to actually close we have not included anything in our guidance. Relative to First Sensor as that closes, we will certainly update that. But on an annualized basis for sensors, it's about $175 million business and is reasonably profitable. So as we bring it into the fold, we'll update our overall guidance accordingly.
Heath Mitts: Now, I appreciate the question. This is Heath. Listen, we've dropped from two years ago to where we just guided, right, about $1 billion and still held operating margins in the high-teens. And so, there's nothing for -- to apologize for there. However, your point is taken. The -- when we're operating at this level and we have this amount of restructuring activity going on, including footprint changes manufacturing sites coming offline, there is going to be periods of time when you do have some margin compression certainly as you have duplicative activity going on as sites are coming offline while other sites are coming up. And we'll see some of that during FY 2020 for some of the things we've taken the charges for already in FY 2019 as well as the anticipated changes that we see forthcoming -- charges that we see forthcoming in the early part of 2020. So, there is that kind of activity going on. In addition to the fact that we are going to see, as you mentioned earlier, the currency and the tax rates tick-up certainly that has about -- that impacts about $0.30 year-over-year on earnings and we'll continue to update that. But in general, I feel like the team is focused. We've got some opportunity to exit the year in FY 2020 in a pretty tough anticipated environment and a position that when we come out of this part of the cycle across all of our businesses, we feel very good to flex up on the uptick, relative to the cost structure and relative to where the mix of business is going to be.
Terrence Curtin: So yeah, Mark, thanks for the question. And certainly, the fourth -- the first quarter is based upon the order trends we saw. And the other trends, I would say, reflect the market structure I sort of laid out. But then we also have which will impact the first half what we are experiencing through some of the corrections that we're seeing through channel partners. So when you think about the first half what you're going to see is, you are going to see us under-earning on the top line probably in the magnitude of about $100 million of what we normally we do due to the channel corrections that we're experiencing. And when we think about that, and I know I talked about it in the script, our channel business runs about $2 billion a year and that ran about $500 million a quarter. And that's running about $100 million less than it normally runs. And that's due to we're seeing sell throughout being down in the high single-digits, and certainly we're not seeing that in our market. So the inventory corrections that we're experiencing, we are seeing and that's going to complete through the end of the second quarter. So that's a headwind we're going to have in the first half that will normalize. And some of our assumptions around that was, we did actually see our channel partners inventory come down slightly in the fourth quarter, but that's going to be with us through the first half. When you sort of adjust for that headwind, really what you see as you go through the year is pretty normal seasonality. We aren't assuming that markets are recovering. As I said in my opening comments, there are markets that are strong aerospace, medical. We expect the trends in those markets are going to stay that way through 2020, and you see that in our Industrial Solution segment performance not only this year, but as we guide for next year. When you get in around the Transportation segment, we do expect auto production to stay at that $21 million -- 21 million unit run rate, which is sort of flattish production throughout the year sequentially, so we aren't expecting rebound there or in commercial transportation. So, when you think about the market shape, the market shape is really just once you adjust for the channel destocking, it's going to adjust our normal seasonal pattern, which is we go up a little bit into quarter two, a little bit up further in quarter three and sort of stay there. So there really is a market recovery in the guidance we came out with on. From an earnings perspective, I think there is a couple of things. Certainly, the channel part is creating some pressure on our margin that will reverse as that normalizes in the second half. And when you think about the progression for the year, it's probably about split between 50% of the margin improvement and earnings improvement is due to the revenue improvement, once it destock the other 50 is cost actions 50%. So it's pretty balanced with the actions we have talked to you about. So, the linearity reflects market environment that is sort of a continuation of what we're seeing this year.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Joe. Let me take separately. So first off on global auto production. When you sit there, it does feel and even when we think about next year, I'm going to keep on going back to this 21 million units a quarter, we have been dealing with in 2019. Now areas where we had the amount of cars on lot being worked down that helped. You had some of the regulation to happen in Europe and it does feel when we look at these past couple of quarters pretty stable around 21 million units. Now what that means by region as we looked at 2020 that does sort of say Asia including China is down about mid single-digits. You have Europe down about 2% after being down high single-digits in 2019. And it does actually show for the first time now how we would tell you the Americas and the U.S. will be down slightly low single-digits. So when I look at those excuse me I don't view one. It is aggressive. Certainly, we have to continue to see -- probably China is always the one that you sit there and as inventory has come down, we still wouldn't like to see demand pick up. But net, net I think at that 21 million units were pretty balanced as we go through the year. And the other thing I would just say is we are very globally balanced that we plan all the basic programs on the year-end and regionally. So one shifts a little bit versus another. We're going to benefit from that. So let me turn to the second part of your question on commercial transportation. The commercial transportation market like I said in my comments, we do expect to be down high single-digit. As a market, we are experiencing and you saw in our fourth quarter result we are seeing supply chain corrections by our OEM customers that started in the fourth quarter and will go in the early part of next year. That is really not a distribution business for us, that's more of a direct business for us like most of the Transportation segment. So as we look at next year and how we guide for next year, we're sort of assuming that our revenue for that market will equal the market, because the content gains will need to absorb some of the supply chain effects. So content like you've seen over the past three years, we had very good content momentum. We're just going to need some of that content to absorb some of the supply chain, so next year we're sort of assuming will be more at market and actually exceeding market due to some of the supply chain effects we're going to feel early in 2020.
Terrence Curtin: So let me take the second one because it builds on the question before you Matt. So we do expect that's going to take a couple of quarters. I would say it's similar to distribution channel but I would say it's not in the distribution channel. So, yes, we did see that. You saw our performance in the fourth quarter in commercial transportation was down about 14% and we do expect we're going to get that correction work through here in the early part of 2020. On the first part of your question on the GM strike, it really doesn't have a big impact on us because of how global we are. We're fortunate that every major OEM is a customer of TE. And I think it shows our global strength so -- while certainly that strike has impacted production a little bit it really doesn't play in much to our numbers.
Terrence Curtin: Craig it's a combination of both. Clearly I think you've seen last year, last year was -- turned out to be a year where our -- net-net our markets were negative, overall despite very strong growth in places like aerospace and medical. And we deployed capital. We added to the sensor platforms as Heath said, we also added something in the electric vehicle platforms and they're trends that we're committed to. And they're driving content opportunities. So no different than the earlier question. We have a couple more sensor, one smaller, one SMI that just closed, First Sensors out there. We're going to continue to look at how do we strengthen this portfolio, because we do like around the secular trends how that can drive growth and the markets are cycled. And whether it's automotive, whether it's factory equipment, we are going to have these cycles. We are going to have periods where inventory corrects in supply chain and I think we have to just stay balanced and be good capital deployers through the cycle, not stopped to one or the other. And I think, we've shown we can do both and I think we've been pretty disciplined when it comes to capital over the years and I expect we're going to stay that way.
Terrence Curtin: You know, Jim, thanks for the question. And as I said, we started to see this on our orders as we talked last quarter to you. We started to see the orders do it. And it really -- how it's impacting our revenue? It impacted us this quarter. You see that our Communications and in the industrial equipment market of our Industrial segment. So when you think about those businesses -- and that's really through the electronic distribution channel, we expect that, that hadn't started and we started to feel it in our fourth quarter we just closed. And in those three businesses themselves, you're going to see that continue into our first quarter and we expect it to end by the end of our second quarter. So that's really a temporary headwind that we have. And they're the markets you're going to see at the most spin Jim. The other market that I did mention which is in Transportation is industrial commercial transportation, which is the heavy truck. That's more above direct supply chain that we're feeling, you saw in the fourth quarter. We think we're going to follow a similar pattern, elsewhere. We feel inventory's pretty good and I was tracking pretty much to demand and underlying market plus content. So it's really those couple of markets and you can actually see it in the slides. Those markets that are showing down double-digit they are typically the ones that you're going to see -- seeing some of the impacts of the corrections that we're going through.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, so Chris good question and if you look at this year our sensors business growth was below where we thought it was going to be mainly due to what we saw in the heavy truck as well as some of the auto and end market demand -- market being a lot slower than we expected. So some of the growth that we've talked to you about -- about program ramps has been slower due really to underlying markets. And our sensors business does not have the benefit of the broad base of being on every OEM like our auto business. So you will get a bit more lumpiness on there. As we go into next year, we do sort of view the auto ramps and the Industrial space with the drivers of growth for sensors we're still going to have -- we still have a big trunk of our sensors business that's an heavy truck. That is going to be impacted by that market. And then you're going to continue to see those auto wins we've talked to you about well over $2 billion continue to ramp-up. So you're going to continue to see that content separation that we have been showing in sensors versus underlying production. Unfortunately this year has been muted by production, but we do expect that's going to continue. And that's some of the reasons we're excited that we will be able to grow next year even though auto and industrial transportation markets are going to really be helping us.
Terrence Curtin: So a couple of things. I think what we look at not only do what we hear from our customers we do look what is happening from a sales perspective, inventory perspective around the world. And I would say that trends we've talked to you about whether it's electric vehicle, I would say electric vehicle trends continue to accelerate. Regionally they've strengthened in Europe maybe China with some of the pause it's slowed down, but I would say net-net. When we think of the world the electrical trend -- the electrical powertrain trend is accelerating certainly with Europe being the leader of it. And even if you take 2019 going into 2020 even though electric vehicles are still small part both electric and hybrid are going to be closely up to about 50% year-over-year even though a small part of the market. So we get the benefit of that. Clearly we also are trying to also understand autonomy's probably pushed out little bit I would say as all of us that are in the automotive space you have less production. We all have to focus. And in that regard you see more focus going on the electric vehicle powertrain versus autonomous. You're still going to move up autonomous by feature, but probably full Level five further out. And what's created we benefit from both of those. And certainly electric vehicle is a bigger content item for us than autonomy like we talked to you about. So we look at the same production trends you look at. It does feel like inventory continues to normalize around the world and certainly we're adjusting. And I think as Heath laid out on some of the cost plans there was things we're going to take advantage of. And hey this auto market is weaker than we thought. And what we laid out to you is how we're going to plan our cost structure to. So it's not just about setting expectations, it's also the things we're going to work to get our cost structure right to put the flexibility we need in the auto market and the other markets we serve.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi for the follow-up. I mean, I think, the range that we've talked to you about 4% to 6%, we remain confident at that 4% to 6%. Certainly, when you take a year like this year, where you have sort of a decline in production, you can get some supply chain effects, no different than we highlighted to you. Sometimes our content as the market was growing was above the high end of our range. So, I don't see anything from a mix versus the 4% to 6% changing. I actually -- we feel good with the 4% to 6%. And like I say on the -- in our quarter, you may be off a little bit due to supply chain effects, but feel pretty good about the 4% to 6% as we're going to the next year as well as long term. So, it's creating a buffer versus the negative market, I think that's pretty clear with the backdrop and the environment we've been dealing with. And I think our content trends have been pretty consistent with the past three to four years, that gives us confidence and with the wind we're seeing and also how we partner with our customers.
