Terrence Curtin: Now, thanks, Chris. And you have a couple questions in the question, so thanks for it. And the first thing is you're right; just to confirm what you heard. When we're looking at the programs that we won and looking at into 2022, we do something at the high end of the content outperformance range we've given you, at that 6%. And we do think that will include any noise around supply chain is included in that count and outperformance, because like we always say, be careful looking at CPV on a quarter basis or content growth on the quarter, there's supply chain dynamics. And I think what's important to us is, two years ago, we were in the slow 60s of content per vehicle. We talked to you about the trends around electrification of the car, power train getting -- turning electric, as well as autonomy in the car. And what's nice is we sort of view this year, we're in the mid 70s of content, and we continue to feel very confident around getting up into that mid 80s range. And we are benefiting from the electrical vehicle ramp that's happening around the world, that's grown 50% this year, like I said. Right now, people are saying, even in what IHS views on our basis to be a flat production environment, electric vehicles are going to grow another 50% next year. And I feel we're going to capitalize on it with the program wins we have. And this year, about 20% of our automotive revenue is driven by electric vehicles, even though it's not 20% of the total cars made on the planet. So, just reinforces again the content that we've been driving, where we've positioned TE around. And certainly there's supply chain that will make production a little lumpy, but when we look at 2022 and beyond, we think there's a pretty good setup where demand is, where inventory levels are for production as well, that at some point will also be a catalyst on top of the content that we tee up on. So, hopefully, I touched upon all your questions there, Chris.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, thanks for the question. Yes, I think we have to go back the past couple quarters, we told there was a lot of orders coming in as people were working with their supply chains. But what we started to see is that, in this quarter, the scheduling out continues, which is a good sign, I think people are accepting the lead times they have throughout the components in their supply chain. Last time I read, I think semiconductors were about half-a-year lead time. So, we see customers looking at scheduling out. So, while our backlog is stronger clearly in dollars, it's also scheduled out longer. And we're seeing customers adapting to that. The other thing is the end dynamics have been very strong. So, when you think about car demand you also see our auto customers also keeping them scheduled out, so, net-net, we actually think this trend is a positive sign. We always said we thought our orders would get closer to billings than our billings getting closer to the orders we've had for the past couple of quarters, and actually that they're starting to get scheduled out more is a good sign. I would say the only area that we see any end market softness right now is around auto production, but that's supply chain driven. And what we saw, how those orders moved out aligning to how our customers want to produce the order trend sort of mirrored exactly what's going on. So, I think it's getting a little bit more predictable even though it's scheduled out a lot longer.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, so let me get in the markets there, Wamsi. And when we sit there, I do want to go back to what I said in the script, that we do have a constructive demand environment across when you get out to the end applications that we're in. And the only place that we haven't seen a constructive market is certainly around the aerospace side, and that will come at some point, I'm not sure that'll be in 2022 for us, but that will come at some point. Just to break it down by the segments a little bit, in Transportation, and like you said, Wamsi, we didn't guide that. I'll give you how we sort of see the external data points around markets. In automotive, right now, people in IHS are saying it's going to be around 77 million cars made next year globally, that's pretty flat. That has supply chain constraints in it in the semi side continuing. Could there be upside to that, the supply chain [gets fork out] [Ph], potentially, but I would also say the content that we talked about at the -- being at the high end of the 4% to 6% inclusive of any supply chain noise, we feel pretty good about. In the commercial transportation space, this year was a great year by our team. We grew 2X to market. It demonstrates our leading position, also the content that we're getting around emissions that are all over heavy trucks, as well as the data connectivity on heavy trucks. Next year, we're going to have a slowdown in China in the market, I think that's very well known. But on a flattish environment to slightly down environment in commercial -- broader commercial vehicles, we think content will -- could create growth there. And I talked about the new EV wins that we have on the heavy truck, that won't benefit '22, it'll be further out. In the industrial space, the recovery feels like it's just getting started. And we're starting to see improvements in medical. Our industrial and factory automation side is very strong. Energy has stayed strong throughout the entire '19 forward. We see that continuing, especially with the benefits from renewable sources, and we're in the mid teens of our revenue, we think that can move up in our energy business around solar, and certainly wind. And in the communication segment what I would tell you as we look forward is, you have cloud CapEx is going to increase another 10% next year. And when you think about we've grown 2X to market here over the past three years, our cloud revenue has doubled since 2019, and we're going to have growth on top of that with that cloud CapEx picture. And then in appliances, the consumer is strong; certainly we have to watch that. If the consumer slows down a little bit there could be a little bit of a headwind. But right now, we're sort of assuming that's a flattish market globally. So, we believe it's a pretty constructive setup, certainly supply chain [blinks] [Ph] a big piece of it. We hope our supply chain continues to improve, like we saw over the past 90 days. And we'll take advantage of that as we build a little bit of inventory, early in the year, to make sure we capitalize on the setup. On the pieces around the second part of your question, when you look at this year, other than the market, the bigger piece of our growth is really around content. So, any way you want to parcel it, I think Heath framed the price side. Normally, we have 1% to 2% negative price last year or basically flat. That shows the pricing that we've been pushing through, that we started in January, in the distribution area. And we're in the middle of automotive contractual negotiations as we speak. So, I think there's more to come there. But, clearly, the bigger piece last year has to do marketing content, and that's what we get excited about as we go forward, and I gave you that -- a couple examples there between auto and also on the cloud side.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, David. So, first of all, from a clarification, thank you for asking it. When we talk EV, we do include hybrid, we include both elements of them. So, when you take that and even the numbers I quote about the 9 million units made globally that are electric that includes hybrids and plug-in hybrids. So, that's totally the area we get the bigger content as you bring in the electric powertrain in both areas. So, if you take our automotive revenue this year with what you would add on electric vehicle, both on the high voltage content and low voltage together, that's a little bit above 20%. And the content sort of run in the 2x and it's right on top of it. And like we've always said, when you think about TE, there isn't things that get cannibalized on our product, the low voltage things come over. When you start putting in that electric powertrain, you have charger inlets, you actually have to get the power into the battery. We play along those connectivity, certainly how it comes into the sell-side. And also some of the things we do from a switching of power as you bring the power back and forth, and that creates the content above the low voltage position. So, it is important there. The other thing I would just don't want to lose sight on, and I said in my script was as you get into the heavy truck, I know we've given examples, but I did mention in the prepared remarks, we want two programs with two of the top five truck manufacturers world. And these are turning from prototypes into real platforms. And when you look at that in our commercial transportation business, that I talked about a little bit earlier, the content on those high voltage architectures can be over $1,000 per vehicle. And that's just on the high voltage architecture that doesn't even include some of the other elements that we would have one data. And I'm really excited about those wins because they also truly show our leadership position there in commercial transportation. When it comes to connectivity, we have a leading share by quite some distance. And our global customers are looking about how -- when they get to more electrified powertrains across their fleets and their offerings, they come to us and let's face it. You're dealing with voltages that are at a thousand versus what you would have in a car, you're dealing with vibration and certain durability, which we've talked about harsh environments. That's what we love and our engineers like to tackle those challenges and that we want to with the top five on their initial platforms, I see that continuing just to go across the other players and reinforcing our great commercial transportation business.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, I would say CS other than just things getting a little bit more normalized and scheduled out. There's nothing unique in there, Samik. In regard to the auto, I think, one of the things just to highlight, you know, it's nice to see the China auto go up. Certainly, they're being impacted as well by some of the supply elements that are happening on the world. And this is traditionally the strong China build quarter. And we're not getting a strong China build quarter because of the supply chain issues that's going through. So, I would say you should read into there's more EV or less EV in there. I think it's pretty much in line with what we said on a global basis because Asia still is the predominant largest region of electric vehicles compared to the other two regions. So, we were pleased to see that trend in China continuing to stay up and grow. Certainly, the supply chain continues to need to help us there because it is an important market for us.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, first off, on auto production; auto production was about 2 million units light in our quarter we just had versus where we guided. In the first quarter, we're assuming 18 million unit range for auto production in our first quarter, which is compared to $23 million last year's first quarter. So, that's how 20% down I mentioned on the line. And certainly, we're not guiding for the year, but I believe IHS has [indiscernible] fiscal period around 77 million units for the year, which will be flat year-over-year. In regard to pricing, pricing is very different by our end markets. When you say receptivity, I wouldn't say anybody likes pricing. So, I wouldn't say people are saying, I'm happy about it. But I would say, we're pulling the different levers as Heath said, some we can pull quicker in places where like, we go through our channel partners, smaller customers in places like auto, it's more contractual agreements and that's -- we're in the middle of those. And that'll continue to be a recovery point throughout this year. So, it is very different. And I think the stats that Heath laid out sort of frames it nicely at what the benefit we'd gotten as well as how we're thinking about it into 2022.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks. Well, couple of things, if the market and the growth we're benefiting overall from high-speed applications. So, when you look at D&D overall, it is anywhere where you're having high-speed, getting put in and then that can be anywhere in the network. Certainly, the bigger growth lever is with the cloud providers and our position across those five providers, as I think I've mentioned in other calls, has really been pretty even as we gained share. And we aren't weighted to one of the cloud providers globally versus another, but we are benefiting from their capital spending trends. And that capital spending trend is they're very much focused, not only on speed. They're also focusing on how they continue and implement AI to make sure that how do they get more specific compute and scaling computing power, and also helps them get to their cost of total ownership, including their impact on energy usage down. And what we've continued to see, as they're making their investments, which are aligned with what you said, we're seeing them wanting to spend another 10% around their cloud and data center going into next year. And the content that we're getting is very strong with the share gains as well. That is why you saw us out of -- in that specific product niche we grew about 65% this year, where their CapEx went up 30%. And these are things being deployed real time as they're trying to keep up their cloud offerings. And we've become a very good partner, technical as well as service partner form. And we've actually strengthened during the COVID time.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. So, Matt, let me take the part around what we see out in inventory in the world. And then, we'll get to -- Heath will talk about our inventory. First of all, for the channel partners, I would tell you, our channel partner orders have accelerated over the past three quarters, but they have leveled out now. So, similar to the other work comments I've made, we have seen leveling, we've been able to service more to them as our supplies improve, but we have not seen their inventory increase on our product side. So, their turn levels have accelerated here, and they're touching product more to get it out because of how quick they're turning it. So, inventory levels in '21 have remained relatively flat while they've had significant as they're trying to help the customers and their supply chain solutions to those. When it comes to our customers, we do see customers holding more inventory, some customers have scheduled out further. But we also have customers that in some areas are still very low in certain inventory pockets. So, certainly the supply chain is trying to get to a normalized, I would say, on both sides of the equation you see it. And it's also what's happening in auto land. You need about 30,000 parts to make a car. If one of them isn't there in one [plant] [Ph] the car is not being made. So, when we look at it, we're always going to have supply chain noise whether it's building or coming down a little bit, but we do view that noise. And it's back to the comments we said about content, we feel good about the 6% content growth over production next year, including any supply chain noise.
Terrence Curtin: I think during this time, certainly I think our customers have looked for and seen stress around the supply chain from the smaller competitors. So, I do think any of us that are larger will benefit during this time. So, that that is something I think is a benefit for the larger companies in our space. When you talk about those two areas; medical, we haven't talked about for the past couple of years due to the impact that we did have on procedures. But when you look at how procedures are increasing, the innovation that we've been doing with our customers has not slowed down during this time. But, certainly, the levels of procedures went way down due to COVID dynamics. So, I do think you'll see us talking more about medical again, from a growth perspective, more like we had historically than you've experienced the past couple of years. In COMAIR it's a little bit different. I think medical had a temporary pause due to procedures. COMAIR is one that, you know, has been hit hard. It's been hit hard. Certainly you're starting to see some discussion around single-aisle aircraft, you get into dual-aisle aircraft, dual-aisle aircraft is probably further away. And in those cases, I'm not sure you're going to have as much new innovation happening, even though we do have wins on what's happening in space, certainly low-earth satellite. As well as we're also working with some of the newer EV OTL providers, depending upon what ramp that goes. So, I think net-net, certainly a much more bullish tone around medical. I think in COMAIR, because that -- how it really got hit as the overall market and our customers also got disorientated, that they had to reposition, really is the one that's going to be a little bit longer out. I feel we have a very good position there, certainly a leading position. But I'm not sure we're going to be able to talk to that to work out on what the growth trajectory is longer-term based upon what our customers do.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Hey, Nik, we did not grow 20% above production, so we didn't. We did have content outperformance. The market was up about double-digit this year. And if you take the real element we were in double digits of content outperformance, a very strong 50% increase in EV, certainly continued growth in traditional cars, ICE engines, we saw content growth, price was only a little bit. So, net-net, I would just ask you maybe to look at your math; it wasn't 20% by any means. And once again, that content momentum, we're on the mid-70s, we've shared with you our path to get up to mid-80s based upon the trends around powertrain, trends around data connectivity, certainly traditional safety features. And we feel very good about where we're positioned and also how well we're positioned globally with every [OEA] [Ph]. That's one of the specialties about TE; we're essentially on every car in the planet.
Terrence Curtin: Well, I think a couple of things there. When you look at production next year, the 6% that we said is content above production, we said includes any supply chain noise. So, you said excluded, and my comment said include -- include any of that noise that you have on supply chain that we had every year. In regard to content, the comments that I made earlier about the 2X, we are running 2X, that would be both on all electric vehicles, including hybrids. And I think that penetration is continually going to play out. I think the one thing that's important, certainly we share things around vehicle content that are very specific models. But you also have to remember, there's also the models that are more mainline, traditional, average median income type cars that are in that content as well. So, net-net, I like where we're gaining our share, continue the traction we have on content. And if electric vehicles go faster and we win more programs we can maybe be above that. But right now, we expect, next year, we'll be at that 6% high end of the range.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Amit, thank you for the question. Certainly, as we progressed over the past 90 days since the last time we spoke, we have starting to see, from an availability standpoint things to improve, things have gotten a little bit better with some of our inputs, particularly with the resins side of things. Now, we are still seeing inflationary pressures, particularly on metals, resins, and probably most pronounced on freight costs. And we do expect those inflationary pressures to continue into '22. Now, on the flipside of that, as you're acutely aware, and normally we would see price pressures of somewhere 1% to 2% of erosion each year, in FY'21, that was largely neutral. We did not see those price pressures; we were more back at par. And we actually expect, in '22, as we move forward, to see some price increases as we battle through some of these inflationary pressures, so a lot of moving parts there. Again, I think from an availability standpoint things are improving. And we're working through, using price as one of the levers that we have to combat the inflationary pressures.
Heath Mitts: Scott, I appreciate the question. This is Heath. The -- you're right about the Q4 flow-through, and our flow-through for FY'21 in total was in that range of the 30% to 35% range, which is our expectation. As we move into '22, just to highlight, we -- ERNI, the acquisition, layers in '22, and did not have any impact on our '21 numbers, again, based on the timing of the closure of that transaction. In Q1 alone, if you were to adjust out for ERNI, which will come in at a couple $100 million of revenue, but, well, will not add much from an EPS perspective in our first year while we work through the integration and all the value levers that we're going to pull for ERNI, that alone bring our flow-through in the first quarter down to the level that you were referring to. If you were to back that out you'd be up in the 30% range again. But, again, we feel very good about value-creating opportunities that ERNI brings to us. And we'll pound through the year to offset that pressure that it puts on our flow-through and margins.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Joe. I mean, first of all, as diverse as our portfolio is as many different products you can imagine the complexity of our manufacturing environment and our supply chain, right. So, it's not just one part and it's not as simple as just saying what we can and can't produce, right. So, our availability of materials has largely been resins and metals. As I mentioned earlier, resins particularly are improving and metals we're working our way through. So, as we look forward and we continue to anticipate resolution of some of those input challenges that we have, it does give us the ability to start having a little bit more foresight into what we wanted to do strategic build heads for, right. I mean, if you think about where we're sitting here, right, we're not going to sit here and predict when some of the semicon challenges for our auto customers specifically get resolved, you should ask them or the semicon companies, right. But what we do know is that there's really, really strong demand out there for automobiles. And that's not just the U.S. comment, that's really globally. And the shortage of those vehicles on dealer lots give us a lot of ability to play offense here in terms of being bullish about when that demand comes back. We want to make sure that we are ready for our customers and not going to be holding up any kind of ramp that they may have. Now, when that ramp happens is still TBD, but -- and I'm not going to signal that this number inventory build is going to be massive, but we are going to take advantage of a little bit of a slowdown in the auto production world and get ahead of it, so we're ready.
Heath Mitts: Well, I think it's a good question, Chris. And it's one that we've talked to you about the -- the 30% flow through is still what we're gearing up for, for the year in terms of that now see within that -- I think you'll see that the strength more out of the industrial and out of the transportation businesses, the communication side as we've talked about has been running fairly hot, but it has now for several quarters in a row. And it really shows that these volume levels, what it looks like particularly out of appliances. Terrence mentioned that we're anticipating a flatter appliance market as we work our way through the year. I'm not suggesting that's all going to happen here in the first quarter, but we're probably taking on an approach there where we see a little bit of contraction in the margins albeit more to come as we able to see what volume levels end up looking like. So, in terms of the decrementals on that, I think you could roll it through roughly the same kind of math, but we target about 30% flow through on the organic side. And that's really where our focus continues to be as part of our business model for FY 2022.
Heath Mitts: And, Matt, on the question about our inventory bill, I think it gets down to relative to our cash conversion rate, and I think it gets down to the timing. The way we're looking at it now is it's probably more of a first-half issue where some inventory builds, and then as we can bleed that off, we're taking -- basically taking advantage of some slow auto production here in the earlier part of the year. So, as part of that, I think that just gets into the timing. It could put a little bit of pressure on that, 100%. But we have other levers as well that we're looking at, and will continue to assess that. And I think we'll be able to give you a better update on that answer here a quarter or two from now.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Steve. Yes, listen, I mean you're -- you've been covering us for a long time, and you're well aware of the restructuring endeavors that we've undertaken. And we've been very focused in on particular areas around Industrial this year, around some things that we did on a footprint basis, in Europe, that we're continuing to execute on within Transportation. And then we're benefiting greatly from the Communications side with a lot of that heavy lifting done several years ago on the footprint side. So, as we look forward, there's no doubt that as we think about that, that ability to grow over 100 basis points from '19 to '20, restructuring played meaningful part of that. But I would also tell you that some of the things that we were able to do around holding off in 2021, the price erosion through some of the actions that we undertook, as well as the ability to offset some of the inflationary pressures with productivity were a meaningful part. And then volume goes a low way. As you know, this is a scaled business, and having volume means a lot. So, I don't know if we've ever actually broke down, externally, what percentage of that increase is in certain buckets, but you can imagine there was contributions across the board on that side of things. In terms of, as I mentioned earlier, listen, as we sit here, and although we're not guiding for the full-year, we feel good about our ability to hold to our business model of margin expansion through -- even if it's modest this year, through the flow-through of that 30%.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Jim. And I you and I have had a lot of discussions about this over the last few years, I appreciate the question. Honestly, as I sit there and look at where the buckets are, the bigger item -- the bigger projects that we have underway in terms of rightsizing the footprint. Some of the things that we talked historically about, getting right-sized in Industrial and getting to the right places of manufacturing for automotive, particularly in Europe. A lot of those things are underway, those charges have been taken, and we're working through those. What we're seeing more of now, Jim, is the impact of some of the more recent acquisitions. And when acquisitions come into our portfolio, inevitably, they come in as multiple sites. And in some cases we do need to go and collapse those into our existing footprint. Or in some cases they avail opportunities to take legacy TE locations and move into the acquired site. So, some of the things that we're now seeing, whether that's with ERNI or with some of the sensors activities that we acquired here in the last few years all -- is driving some of those restructuring efforts, and plays into the overall return and valuation considerations for the acquisitions that we do in terms of the return and value creation opportunities. So, we're starting to make that move. We're not quite there in terms of cleaning up some of the legacy locations, but we're getting closer.
