Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which starts on Slide 9. Adjusted operating income was $571 million, up 6% versus the prior year. GAAP operating income was $521 million and included $17 million of restructuring and other charges, most of which were in the Network segment and $33 million of acquisition-related charges in the quarter. Full year restructuring and other charges were $59 million. Adjusted operating margin was 16%, up 30 basis points from Q4 last year. And the improvement versus the prior year is driven by improved manufacturing productivity across the company and volume leverage in the Transportation and Industrial segments. Adjusted EPS were $1.02 and GAAP EPS were $1.60 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included the acquisition-related charges of $0.08, restructuring and other charges of $0.02, and a tax benefit of $0.68. The tax benefit primarily stems from the increased ability to utilize U.S. net operating losses based on forecasted future taxable income and the integration of SEACON. For the full year 2015, I expect approximately $50 million to $75 million of restructuring and other charges reflecting $0.09 at the midpoint, roughly flat versus last year. We expect roughly $0.23 of charges associated with the recent acquisitions, which will be more than offset by reserve reversals from favorable tax settlement of non-intercompany debt pre-separation tax liabilities. Turning to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 33.6%. This is roughly flat versus the prior year and up 50 basis points excluding SubCom. Total operating expenses were $631 million in the quarter, with SG&A increasing versus the prior year to support growth initiatives but declining as a percentage of sales year-over-year. On the right side of the slide, net interest expense was $31 million in the fourth quarter, and I expect $31 million of expense in the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted other income, which primarily relates to our tax sharing agreement was $6 million. And in the first quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million. The GAAP income tax rate of minus 34% was driven by the one-time gain previously mentioned. The adjusted effective tax rate was 22.3% and I expect full year adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24% for 2015. Turning to Slide 11. I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash flow from continuing operations was $754 million and our fee cash flow in the quarter was $661 million. Gross capital expenditures were roughly flat year-over-year. However, we did see a decline in net capital spending to $93 million. During the quarter, we sold an underutilized asset generating approximately $100 million of cash. I expect capital spending rate to be approximately 5% of sales in 2015. Working capital was in line with our expectations, with receivable days outstanding at 61 days, inventory days on hand at 65 days, and payable days outstanding, 53 days. Now let me discuss the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow, shown on the right side of the slide. We began the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash and increased this to $2.5 billion at the end of the quarter in anticipation of completing the Measurement acquisition, which closed on October 9. During the quarter, we utilized $504 million to support acquisitions, primarily SEACON. We also returned a total of $283 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $119 million and repurchased 2.6 million shares for $164 million. Outstanding debt grew to $3.9 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting the added debt for the Measurement Specialties acquisition. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Robert W. Hau: Sure, Amit. First off, your numbers are essentially on what we described when we announced the acquisition of Measurement was, the business was, call it a, $550 million revenue business and we anticipated generating mid-single digit EPS of $0.04 to $0.06. With our guidance here in 2015, our revenue is about $600 million. Obviously, there's some growth in the market. We're seeing good content growth across the space. And from an EPS standpoint, it's probably about $0.10, a little bit better than we initially guided. Part of that is better performance. We've now have been doing some due diligence and integration -- pre-integration work, now owned it for a couple of weeks. And we're seeing slightly better performance coming into 2015, as well as there is some restructuring. And when we gave that $0.04 to $0.06, we indicated that did include some modest restructuring. There's not a big restructuring play with the acquisition, but there's some modest restructuring, and that will be dialed out. We're continuing with the $50 million to $75 million of restructuring that I talked that are in GAAP earnings but not adjusted earnings. It does include the integration or the restructuring that we'd have associated with Measurement. And in terms of impact to the December quarter, if you take those numbers and roughly divide by 4, there is some seasonality into that, but you won't be too far off. In terms of what's baked into the numbers, the near-term amortization of things like the inventory step-up and the backlog step-up will be excluded from earnings and included in GAAP but not included in adjusted earnings.
Robert W. Hau: What we described was $50 million to $75 million of expenses over the year, roughly in line at the midpoint of that with what we spent in 2014. And what we said is really an ongoing level of restructuring. Obviously, we have been investing significantly higher than that in prior years, but we think this business and the way the markets run, that $50 million to $75 million of spending is kind of a run rate. And roughly, 15% of that or so is associated with acquisitions. Again, none of our -- the larger acquisitions, SEACON, Measurement and AST, which is a smaller one for that matter, not a lot of significant cost takeout. It's more of adding to our portfolio and getting the revenue synergies, but there's a bit of that coming through in 2015.
Robert W. Hau: It's tweaking across the business, if you look at the spending that we did in 2014, we spent about $60 million, almost 60% of that was in networks alone. And as you look at our businesses, those that have below company average margins and below our margin expectations, networks and consumers, obviously, those are ones that we're looking more closely at for cost opportunities.
Robert W. Hau: Jim, it's Bob. I think I heard you say 6% to 8% content growth less 1% to 2% price. It's more like 4% to 6% content is what we've traditional seen. But as Tom points out, with some of the content growth and the growth in electronics and sensors, we'll see it at the upper end of that 4% to 6% range.
Robert W. Hau: Yes, so we hedge our copper, silver and gold on a monthly basis. So we look at our demand 18 months out, we take a position every month. So for the 2015 fiscal year, we'll probably call it 60%, 65% hedged for our overall demand. Tailwind, we had a really nice tailwind in 2014. It's a little bit less than that in 2015, call it, right now, about $20 million, $30 million of OI tailwind on a fiscal year basis.
Robert W. Hau: Yes, in terms of FX, we're essentially looking at the current FX rate. So call it $1.27 or so to the euro. We project that out for the -- we don't take a position on what's going to happen on currency. So if there's additional fluctuation, good or bad, that could impact the overall business. But of course, we've had a pretty significant decline in, call it, the last 30, 60 days of improvement, strengthening of the U.S. dollar, order of magnitude 7%, 8%. And that is baked into this outlook.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure, Amit. The $900 million really relates to those 3 big projects. We have awards that aren't in backlog well above that. And as you know, as we've said before, we don't really put it into backlog until we have a down payment. So these 3, we also have a base level of maintenance business that goes on year in and year out, and it's more like a regular business where you get orders quarterly to do work for our customers. So this $900 million is really what's going to lift us from the level of what we were at last year in the $250 million to $300 million range, to the kind of the $550 million to $600 million range. We think it bodes very well for how the cycles, to the second part of your question, typically go. We have seen a pickup in bidding, so we would expect that this is really the indication of the cycle picking up and yes, it did peak at over $1 billion several years ago. When we model everything and the demands on bandwidth, the age of certain networks under the sea, the desire for more and more redundancy, it all says that this should be another very strong cycle.
Thomas J. Lynch: Right. I think it's really -- Mike, thank you for the question. It's -- what we said -- said last time, that the business really goes in phases, especially when you're ramping up or ramping down. So ramping up in the beginning, you're doing a lot of planning. You're -- we now -- we've actually doubled the number of people at our New Hampshire factory where we build the cable for the projects that are on this side of the world. And so you typically have lower profitability early on. We do percentage of completion recognition, but just the nature of the business when you're early in the project and have 98% of it to complete, you'll -- what we've always been, is you're a little more conservative in the early part of project because you don't know what the unexpecteds are going to be. No change in how we do it. We would expect that as we ramp to the kind of $0.5 billion range, it's mid-single digit type of OI margins from where we are today. And then when we get back to the normal range, which is more that $650 million to $750 million, that's when you see it being in -- closer to the company average. So we actually expect the same patterns as last time.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I'll answer the second part first because that's really the strategic theory behind the acquisition that we have all these resources at these customers. And not unusual when you're a smaller company, you have to be much more selective in who you go after. With us, we're in with all of them early in the architecture. So we're only 2 weeks officially into it, but our team, I know, is even more excited than they were 3 or 4 months ago, because we just see more and more of the depths of Measure's capabilities and products. And I think we feel very comfortable with the revenue synergies and we're getting more comfortable that, over time, it's going to probably be a little better than we thought. So that idea of our scale with the customer and resources in front of the customer, with their product line, is bearing out. It's still early, we have to deliver and all that, and nobody's taking anything for granted. And the teams are coming together very nicely. So that's -- I think that's as important as anything else. There seems to be real chemistry and the MEAS team is taking a significant leadership role in the business. The second part, the acquisition pipeline. Yes, I mean, we're still -- our #1 priority is to make MEAS and AST successful, get them integrated, no question about it. At the same time, where we can see opportunities that make sense to round out what we have, we're going to be in those conversations. But our team knows that the #1 priority is to integrate this and make this one team and very successful as we laid out when we announced the acquisition. And that is why we went with a company like MEAS that had that broad range, so that we could -- we didn't have to -- they did the roll-up and we didn't want to have to get into that kind of strategy in order to become a major sensor player. So don't be surprised as we add on to the portfolio with sensors, but #1 priority is clearly to execute what we have now.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, sure. As you can imagine, we've been -- we're always in front of the customer, but I have been talking to a lot more customers than normal lately, and part of that is just around what are you seeing out there, and that's the first question they ask me, too. So I don't think anybody has any particular advantage. It's mixed. I think we've seen, we saw late in the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter, the order rate dip, but then it's picked up. The last couple of weeks, how much the big dip in the stock market affected everybody's psyche. I know that seemed to make everybody a little, including us, more nervous, as that's going to have people get more cautious. But I'd say there's some positive indicators that doesn't mean there isn't uncertainty, but European car registrations are still positive, right? I think I would -- we would've been worried they were going to dip into the negative. So that's a really good thing. The consumer confidence in the U.S. is up. So that's a positive thing. It's always hard to call China, but we're coming off a double-digit growth in China again. So I'd say it feels a little more uncertain than when I was talking to you 90 days ago, but you can't put your finger on it. It's not as if, "Wow, something has really dropped off." And in our biggest business, Transportation, steady as she goes with the order rate. So that's kind of it. I think we expect, no question, that our businesses with our customers in Europe will be a little bit slower in '15 than '14. I mean they were pretty robust in '14 and probably a little bit slower in China. But it's not -- it's slower growth, it's not decline. And we think that'll be offset with a little bit better in the U.S. and then these other tailwinds we have, like the acquisitions and SubCom. It feels like a pretty, obviously, we think it's a balanced look right now. It's always hard to guide next year at this time of the year when we're only in October, and nobody else is out there really talking about it officially, but that's how we see it.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, a couple of points there. As Bob mentioned, I think Bob mentioned, if he didn't he probably will. We have been doing that. So both with -- since the revenue hasn't materialized as we expected. We certainly have been doing a significant amount of that and a large portion of our restructuring in the past year was geared at that segment. We -- it's really a few things. I feel like in the Broadband space, we're very well positioned. We have an excellent product line, we're winning a higher rate of fiber awards than we did 3 or 4 years ago because -- and it really is the benefit of the ADC acquisition. But no question, the market has been a lot softer than I thought. So you have a little bit of that, and we have taken a fair amount of cost out in response to that. And we're evaluating. But right now, I think, we feel like we're close to being at the right place from a cost structure. Because I am hesitant, having lived through the automotive downturn when we decided we're going to invest and certainly not cut, that it helped us. Now I know this is a different market, it's more volatile and it's not an automotive market, but we also don't want to cut into muscle yet, that's how I feel about the business. And I'm getting more optimistic about the outlook. The DataComm business is really a bigger issue for us because we had -- we always trailed in sort of this mid-speed communication product line and we made the decision many years ago to go to high-speed and sort of do a leapfrog strategy. We have a pretty good 25-gig plus product range in fiber and copper. It's adapting -- being adopted, I should say, very slowly in the market given all the change that's going on in the Communications Equipment market. So a little bit of a double whammy on us that we -- and we're still investing and I'm not ready to back-off the investment in high-speed because I think that would be shortsighted at this point. And so we're still investing. And the high-speed market hasn't really materialized. In the mid-speed where we're weak, we're not benefiting there. So DataComm is a business that's a mid-single digit kind of margin business. SubCom will get back to its normal over-the-cycle solid double-digit and that's strictly cycle, because we're executing well there. And BNS, which is $2 billion of that network segment for us, total revenue is $2 billion, that's low double-digits, which is up 2 years in a row. So I do feel like, for sure, the cost actions we're taking are paying off. And we're poised. We have a great product line as things pick up a little bit to really capitalize on it.
Thomas J. Lynch: I feel like we have it fairly well -- very well established. I mean, we have led in the long-haul fiber transmission since it started. And this was a -- 15, 18 years ago really an AT&T-type, Bell Labs business. And that's the heritage and DNA we still have in that business. And it's an extraordinary group of talented engineers in North Jersey. So they are constantly driving the distances and the cost-per-bit down, and doing a lot of other things to enable our customers to have dedicated links within the cables providing tremendous amount of flexibility. So I do feel very confident about that. There's no guarantees, obviously, but we have not -- that's another one where even with the down cycle, and this team knows from being in it from the very beginning, you have to keep pushing the technology through the down cycle and we've done that. So I feel good about our position there.
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say, on average, it's going to be 2 to 3 years. There's some opportunities that will be in the 2-year range. The really sweet opportunities are more in the 3-year range just because that's just the typical design-in cycle. So in our model, when we bought them, we did not have any significant revenue from automotive until Year 3. We also have, across the portfolio, and it's primarily in the harsh businesses, but opportunities in Appliance, opportunities in Industrial Equipment and Industrial Transportation, much longer cycle in ADNM, so they're not really baked into sort of the model for the acquisition. But what's really potent about having both -- having a full range of sensors too, not just 1 or 2 technologies, but having a full range, having thin seen gauge wire, all the connectivity that we have, our material science-based businesses, that connect and protect things. When we go into a customer now, we can really offer some creative solutions on how to solve problems, the next generation of appliances, how do you substantially simplify the wiring harness, which if you look inside an appliance, I mean, it's kind of mind-numbing, the complexity of it, which makes repairs very complicated. So there's just so many opportunities. And what we're doing is we're being very deliberate with it because we don't want to get it out of focus. So it's prioritizing one at a time, getting success, and that's what we had baked into the acquisition. But we're very excited because it just opens up so much more of the customers' footprint, so to speak, or their real estate, so to speak, to us.
Thomas J. Lynch: I think -- I know it's murky. We don't have MEAS for the full quarter. But what we have in there for organic growth is right around 5% based on -- it's in that 4.5% to 5% range based on a 2% to 3% -- I should say, 1% to 2% production range. And right now, as I mentioned earlier, the order rate in that business is very solid. So no, we wouldn't expect our -- we're not seeing anything that would say that we're going to drift down into low single-digit organic growth.
Thomas J. Lynch: It's in the ballpark. I definitely think if there's more, let's say, there's more likelihood of it moving to the higher end of the range than the lower end of the range, I mean, that's clearly what we're seeing. And we're at every OEM in virtually every electronic application. And that doesn't really -- today, we have, plus or minus -- in the ballpark of $60 million of our content, connectivity-related content. $60, I mean, per car roughly. We have $2 of sensor content. So about -- what we would estimate is somewhere in the neighborhood of 1% of the sensor market and now, we're going to bring in a full range of sensors and just the constant march of more electronics. I mean, every time you try to move the emission standards up, the engine control units get more sophisticated, the semiconductors have more pins, and the kind of connectors that go with them are very sophisticated and more valuable. So it's almost -- I agree with you. I would continue to see that move up. And that's certainly -- our strategic plan assumes that, and that's why we continue to invest aggressively in engineering in that business, and in M&A.
Thomas J. Lynch: I think, think of it this way. We would expect to improve it somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 basis points a year to 250 basis points, but the volume leverage being the biggest thing because it's not so much a cost play, as we said. And as we bring their products into the more attractive markets, which are the harsh environment markets. So there'll be some -- there'll be steady margin improvement in the next 24 months. But as we get designed into auto and into these other more harsh environments, that's when I would expect it to accelerate.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. The Appliance business, we're doing very well in. That is one of our best businesses and we are very -- feel very confident we grew faster than the market. And I was just listening to one of our big customers talk yesterday and their growth rates by market, and we're exceeding them in every market. So we're getting designed in and around the world at a faster rate than ever before and it's an excellent business. And it's a very harsh environment business in most appliances. In devices, think of us as retrenching -- I can't imagine us exiting it, because the products that we develop there, they do find their way into other applications, outside of the Consumer -- the Consumer applications. So in that business, that's where we get miniaturization. The smallest products we design, that's where you get, -- you usually have your initial breakthroughs on how you optimize the metals that you use, where automation often comes in first, kind of breakthrough automation. So the way I think of it is the core connectivity part of the business is strategic to the company. It would be a flank that I would not leave open, given that it's the devices, the pure devices part of the business is 5% of the company-type level. I think our core connector business in there is a decent business. It's the products around that, that are not quite where we need them to be at. So that's a business, as Bob mentioned, we've taken cost out of. A business that we continue to be very selective, much more selective on what we bid on than we were 2 or 3 years ago. So don't be surprised if they get smaller with better margins before it gets larger.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I would say when you look at Q4 on a typical book-to-bill for Q4, but a little mix in there, probably a little better in Transportation and a little lighter in Industrial. And it's really, those are the business where the book-to-bill, I think, is most indicative. In our Networks and SubCom business it doesn't really mean that much because you can get releases against a big project. And so -- and book-to-bill at a moment in time, doesn't mean that much. As we -- the book-to-bill is positive so far in the first quarter. It's too early to read into that, but I'd say the last couple of week's orders look more like what we'd expect in a solid economy. But that's got to last. And as I said earlier, even when things are less uncertain, I'm always a little more nervous at this time in our quarter, because we come into the holidays and our Industrial and Automotive businesses are sizable in Europe. And we've seen occasionally, over time, unpredictability in the length of holidays, so I don't think it's anything unusual, but it's just, this is the hardest time of the year for us to call. But I'd say book-to-bills aren't really different from what we would expect, and that's why we are guiding the way we're guiding.
Thomas J. Lynch: Well, where we are, in fact, naturally hedged is on the transactional side of FX. So because we are very global in both our factory footprint, our sales footprint and our customer footprint, we buy and sell in typically the same currency, so we're largely naturally hedged. The FX impact that we're talking about, that impacted us in Q4, and now forecasted to impact us into 2015 is the translational side. We do not hedge translational. It's an accounting issue, it's not a free cash flow issue. And so the impact that we've talked about, the $400 million on revenue and the $0.15 on a full year basis is what we're seeing given the pretty significant strength in the dollar against essentially all currencies, but particularly for us, euro, yen and RMB are more of the big drivers for us.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. I would say, again, since we just completed the acquisition and while we did pre-integration planning and all those kinds of things, you can't really get inside until the deal closed. But having said that, part of our strategic objective is to be more than just a sensor seller. More than just well, we'll now carry -- we're already carrying a bag with connectors into the customer, now, we'll put sensors in the bag. That's the earliest. So the first synergy is through the channel. The second synergy is, hey, we just have more access to customers, as I've described earlier. But we do believe, absolutely with customers wanting fewer suppliers to simplify their world and suppliers who can provide more, so that they can get more value, which in some cases, it's, hey, I want a the solution that gives me less cost, or I want a solution that gives me less weight or less footprint. The more integration you can do, the better we will be. So I would say in the first year, think of it as experiments we'll be doing, right? We'll be picking a couple of customers, it's not going to be revenue in the near term. But seeing what's practical, what's doable, what's practical. But we already see from modules we do in some of our businesses, when we can integrate wire connectors and build a box for the customer that's smaller than if they had to do it themselves, there's value in that. So we definitely see that as a longer-term strategic objective. Now, we have to prove the theory.
Thomas J. Lynch: What I would say on that, Wamsi, is it's all -- what I mean, I'm talking from a relative perspective. So for us, Asia grew 7% to 8% for the year last year. China, over 11%. I think that's going to be down a little bit. Not a lot. For us, Europe grew the year, 5 percent-ish. I think that's going to be down a little bit. Again, it's still going to grow because of our strength with the German automakers and the amount that they export, et cetera. I think in the U.S., we'll expect to see the Appliance business continue to be solid. The Energy business, which really began to pick up in the second half of the year for us in the U.S., we see that trend continuing as there's pent-up maintenance and expansion there that we're benefiting from. I think Auto will probably be -- it's hard to call it flat. It was very strong last year, so slightly down. So that's really how I kind of see it. It's not that -- Asia will continue to grow -- have a higher growth rate than the U.S. because of the demographics over there. It's just relative change in growth year-over-year. That's really what I meant. I don't know if that gets at your question.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure, Sherri. There's going to be a lift on operating margin because it was such a drag with SubCom losing money. But SubCom will be still be, next year, below the company's average operating margin. So you do get some relative improvement, but it's still below the company average. I think the best way to think about operating margins for the company, and now that we really got the operations of the company tuned up and the footprint in good shape, is that if we're growing in this 5% to 6% to 7% range, we don't have unusual movements in metals or exchange rates. You have kind of some natural movements, let's say, that track to inflation. Then, in the 50 basis points per year range, I would expect to growth in that.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Sujal. Thanks, everybody, for joining. Just to reiterate, we really had an excellent year, I think, in 2014. And as much as the financial performance, I feel like it's the execution of our strategy, which is to really build strong performance in for the long, long haul. I feel we're doing that. And I think you can see that, hopefully, in how we're guiding in an uncertain '15 with multiple levers, and importantly, going from 2 segments delivering most of the momentum to now 3 segments in '15, and a good portion of the consumer segment within Appliance. So I feel like we're hitting on most cylinders then. It's exciting because we still have a lot of opportunity and plenty of room to improve. So with that, I hope everybody has a good end of the year as we go into the holiday season, and I'm sure we'll be talking to you soon. Thank you.
