Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Heath. And we have provided some details of our expectations going forward on slide 13. So let me summarize with a few comments around the words on that page. For quarter three, from a market and demand perspective, we're expecting weakness to be driven by Transportation and commercial aerospace as I've said. In addition, we are expecting supply chain adjustments in Auto as well as broader supply chain impacts in other areas. And we expect the supply chain impact both in auto and other areas to be temporary. As a result, our best estimate for the quarter is an approximately 25% sequential sales decline with an approximate 45% flow-through to adjusted operating income on that revenue decline. And this fall-through is greater than our typical fall-through, due to the shortness and severity of the volume drop sequentially. During the call, we talked a lot about Transportation on comm air. But I do think it's important that, we highlight the areas that are continuing to stay stable as well as we benefit from and they are defense, medical, energy as well as data and devices. And that's about a-third of our revenue. The other thing is, we are in an excellent position to benefit as auto demand returns as well as China continues to recover. And while fourth quarter visibility is limited many believe that our quarter three the June quarter will be the low point in global auto production. We expect that production will improve as we move past quarter three and will benefit both from the production increases as well as inventory normalizing in the auto supply chain like I've talked about. While the demand environment is uncertain, I am pleased with our operations resiliency that we've shown and our ability to continue to serve our customers during this challenging time. We have an excellent free cash flow generation model with ample liquidity. And this allows us to continue to invest in content growth and other secular opportunities across our businesses to emerge stronger when our markets return back to growth. And with that Sujal, let's open it up for questions.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Shawn for the question. And when you think about automotive let me just take a step back first. And where do we think auto production was going to be before COVID started and even last quarter and I know we talked about the $200 million supply chain impact. We thought the world was getting stable before COVID and there was going to be about 21 million units made per quarter on the planet. And last quarter, it was 18 million. And moving from that 21 million to that 18 million, a big chunk of that was China. China got impacted by COVID and a little bit elsewhere in the world. As we move to this 12 million from the 18 million to the 12 million, we are seeing China production tick up, but we're also seeing in the western parts of the world the impacts of the factory closures in Europe, in North America. And that's probably going to be down collectively in the western world about 50%, so 50. And as we look forward, our customers are going to continue to ramp. So when you think about the 12 million unit impact, I think it is reasonable to assume you're going to get an improvement into the fourth quarter as auto factories ramp back up and then in addition, we'll get the benefit as the supply chain works out. So I think there's a couple of factors that point to this quarter being a low point and quarter three has production come back online we get further recovery in China as well as we move back up. Where it'll be in the fourth quarter there's lots of numbers out there. You mentioned HIS, but we do think quarter three would be the low point. The other thing on your fall-down question, we would expect as we start to get whatever that level of production increase is, we do expect we'll get fall-up at a pretty significant rate. So it's the levers that Heath talked about that we've been doing on the cost side coming into this, which we're proud that we had those going. That'll give us some levers to work on during this, but I do think you can expect a pretty healthy fall-up no different than the fall-down. And it doesn't change how we think about what we're entitled to from margin in the markets. And in a place like auto where we are -- have a leading position, we think crises like this we've only gotten stronger out of and we're going to get stronger out of this one as our customers look for the partners and we're going to be there for them. And they're going to see TE there for them everywhere in the world.
Terrence Curtin: It's a great question and thanks for it. I think what you see as companies go through, we have benefited through these crisis to gain share. And I think back to 2008 and 2009 a little bit, while the company is very different, we did gain share because of the financial stability we have that Heath talked about. And also our global customers really looking to how do we get deeper and who's going to support them. And I actually believe that what you saw in our operational performance in the second quarter we did benefit. Where other people couldn't deliver we could. And as people were trying to secure supply chain, they were looking for who could keep their supply chains going in an uncertain time. So I do believe it's a differentiation point. I do think as we've always told you share doesn't move in big chunks in our industry. But they're going to be looking for the partners as they look forward. And I think between how our engineering teams were able to shift over to online innovation, we didn't see a tail-off in projects and also how we've been adapting our supply chain and also not only ours also helping our supply chain partners that are below us understand the safety protocols we expect because they are an extension of us. I'm pretty proud of what we accomplished. And I do think it creates opportunity for more stickiness as we come back. And I do think, it's share opportunity and that's one of the things we view positively about this crisis.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks Deepa. And I'm probably going to spend more time on the second part of your question, because I do think it's important. And I also think we spend a lot of time on the script framing we're seeing in auto and comm air. But when you think about our portfolio, there is a third of our portfolio that is feeling very little impact or minor impacts. And our data and device, cloud business actually we continue to see an acceleration in those orders. Our medical business has been very stable. Our energy business has been stable. And as we've been talking to you, defense has stayed stable and remains at a very high level. That envelope there's about a third of TE than I would say right now is very stable from an order perspective. We may have some areas where -- in countries where governments asked us to stay shut for a little bit. But those indicators, I think are continuing to remain stable and I feel good about how our teams are performing there. That's about a third. Then there is I would say our industrial equipment business as well as our appliance business. We do see some softness there. Both are benefiting from the recovery in China. Both had big China presences. But they are being impacted in the west and I do think they'll stay soft in the west. They have different underlying drivers. And in the Industrial business that would probably come back more as how does CapEx play out over time is what you would look at there. The third business is clearly Transportation. I think it does come into auto builds. And I think we spend a lot of time on that. But what I would also always highlight to you remember our unique position versus many companies. We are stronger in Asia and Europe and North America. So I do ask you as you look at builds and I know this group does the Asian and European builds are very important with North America sort of being a lower impact. And I know sometimes as being in the United States we look at the U.S. builds more than the global builds, but I think as Asia comes back and Europe comes back they are stronger positions and very important to us. And then the last market I haven't talked about that, I would say, I don't think I'm going to surprise anybody is the comm air space. The comm air space, which is around $550 million of annual revenue for TE and I know in the comments, I said, we expect it to be off a third and sort of a waterfall from Q2 to Q3, we do think that's a market that's not going to be coming back near term. I think, there's many other. You can look at what Boeing has said what Airbus is saying and elsewhere that's one that's going to be down for a while. So I think -- I hope that answers the gamut of what you can look at in some of the indicators. And I also think it relates to some of the underlying. And I appreciate the question.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks for the question. And I know Heath went through in the prepared comments on where have we seen things. What we have seen is government responses are very different. And I would say the vast majority of the world because of where our products go we have been deemed essential and we have been able to run to make sure that our products continue to go out in all the applications they support. There are countries that have taken broader shutdown. Heath mentioned in Europe, we had some in Italy and Spain that were more severe than elsewhere. We had to take those down. Those factories are coming back up. And then also Mexico has been one that has gone a little bit narrower on what they deem as essential. It's been much more around medical as well as food processing. And they've been sort of individually bringing other industries on. And we're sort of following that lead. So, we are partially running, in Mexico. And so the government answers around the world have been very different. And so that's one element. On the people side, certainly we need to do the things that keep our employees safe. And being a global company, as China went through COVID we learned a lot of practices that were able to get us up in China quickly, what kind of regulation to put in. And we've been rolling those around the world. And it's one of the things that I think our supply chain team has done a tremendous job as well as our crisis team to really make sure whether it's protective equipment, temperature screening and you can keep going, how do we change some of the layouts of our factories to make sure you don't have concentrations of people. And there are things -- you have some retraining of employees to make sure that they're comfortable at the environment they're coming back into. And it's also -- we continue to invest in automation. And that's something I do believe the investments we've made over the past handful of years around automation have also allowed us to be less labor-intensive in certain parts of the world than we were five, 10 years ago. So, like everybody, it's very complex. We're working through it. And certainly for those areas that are ramping back up. We have full procedures around, how we get our employees back to work, how do we prioritize our employees to come back to work, to really make sure we keep them safe.
Terrence Curtin: All right, Wamsi. I guess I have to take this question, because Heath wasn't here in 2008 and 2009. So I guess, it's pointed at me. As we talked to a lot of you about and I know some companies have gone out. And said as they're thinking about the guide they compare it to 2008 and 2009, as to how they're modeling their playbook. I think there are some things that are similar TE today versus 2008 and 2009. But I would tell you there are a lot of things that are a lot different. With all the moves we made in the portfolio, where we positioned TE the cost actions we've taken. So let me try to summarize, what's the same a little bit. But also the things that I think we've improved the business and the portfolio. The one thing that I would say is probably the number one, thing that is the same it's the cash generation model we have. Our cash generation will be very resilient during these times. And as you all know, we use working capital, in times of growth. And one of the things that when you do get a little bit of a cycle like this. And you have some of these we're going to generate free cash flow we're going to adjust CapEx around capacity we're going to invest in growth, CapEx. And I think that's one of the things that's always allowed us back to the question earlier to get stronger during crisis', because we can continue to invest around growth. But also keep our strong cash generation model going. That's the big thing that I think is the same. Now when you think about things that are different, our portfolio is a lot more focused and a lot stronger than it was in 2008 and 2009. And the businesses we are in, all have secular trends that we position TE around. And we've gotten rid of the businesses that don't have those trends. And if you look here today in 2008 and 2009's, we had no growth telecom businesses. You had a lot more consumer electronics. And we built a platform like no other. So, I do think the portfolio is more focused and stronger. The other thing that I would say, that is also very different is our automotive business. While we did have a sizable automotive business back then and we have, sizable business today. It's a very different business. While it was always global China makes up 25% of the car production on the planet in 2008 and 2009 -- it didn't. And our leading position is special. I would also tell you, our automotive business going into the last crisis was company average business from a margin perspective. Our margin in our Transportation segment going into this crisis is a lot higher than it was and a lot of the cost actions, we initiated out of the last crisis that we continue to work on. And Heath talked about that we were teeing up. And overall the company's in better financial shape. Our margin is 300 basis points higher today than it was in 2008 and 2009, just going into a crisis. And our balance sheet is in a very -- much more healthy place. So, when I sit there what if auto production changes we will be impacted? When I think about the health of TE and things like that what we've done to the cost position. And strengthened our position in markets, we wanted to be in as well as not being in markets we didn't want to be in. I think it's positioned us well to be a strong company going into a crisis that will get stronger coming out of.
Terrence Curtin: Good morning. I was hoping to better understand how TE is thinking about its content per car opportunity. I realize you already described some near-term inventory adjustments in the auto market for the completed quarter and for the current quarter. But if you put that aside, is there any change to how you're thinking about your content per car opportunity either because of pricing dynamics or delays in new car launches? Thank you.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Mark, and I'll take that. And what's interesting is we don't. As I said earlier, the emission requirements in places like Europe are not changing. We also believe even with this change in production the number of global hybrid and electric vehicles will still be up year-over-year even in a lower production environment and all the production growth that's been taken out are combustion engines. So the 4% to 6% that we've always talked to you about where we look through where our growth is coming from our engineering projects, what are the trends. Certainly, electric vehicles are continuing to accelerate. We've talked to you before autonomy. It's probably a little bit further out. But net-net, the 4% to 6% content opportunity continues to be real and it hasn't changed the way we think about it.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Sure Craig. Thanks for the question. And when we think about it the revenue pipeline we have around sensors and automotive continues to stay robust. Certainly, it's going to be impacted by lower production builds on the planet. So – and that ties into a little bit what Heath talked about in the prior question. But that momentum as you continue to see how sensors need to play in a car actually around whether it goes to electric and current sensing what happens on autonomy as well as the momentum of our TERP, our revenue pipeline that momentum still stays strong similar to the engineering projects as I said. So nothing has changed there. Certainly, it's being impacted by the end market downturns in auto and Industrial Transportation like Heath said, but when we think about the opportunity about that content that opportunity has not changed per vehicle. It's really the number of vehicles made that has been impacted.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Well, a couple of things that when it comes to China. China we have seen production increase and production will increase off of the low quarter two levels that you have in China. And we do expect production as our customers have ramped up. So that is then, I would call it a healing process. The other thing that I think was a nice data point to have is that in March there was about 1.3 million cars sold in China. Certainly, the consumer element needs to come back. But that alone if it stayed at that March rate would be about 16 million to 17 million unit SAAR based upon the March sales. So all those factors need to continue to improve, but we do see increased production and the production decline from quarter two to quarter three is really in Europe and North America that we've highlighted.
Terrence Curtin: David. It's Terrence. When we’ve talked about quarter two to quarter three being down sequentially, there was an element of auto production going from 18 million to 12 million. We also estimate back to those data points that you've said, there was about $200 million where our customers were putting orders on us, we delivered with what we were able to continue to get our factories up. That $200 million is what will turn here in the third quarter. And that's one of the numbers we highlighted in quarter 2 to quarter 3. And the simple way to think about it, our auto revenue in the quarter was pretty much as we expected. We thought there was going to be 21 million cars made in the plant. There was 18 million. It's 3 million vehicles times $65 gets you to about the $200 million that we're estimating that was hey revenue that you could sort of say probably should have been in quarter 3. We were able to ship it in quarter 2, as people were really trying to deal real time with COVID-19. And that will work through and normalize as we go through quarter 3.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks for the question. And certainly we've been talking a lot about end markets and we do typically talk about channel. Over the past 6, 9 months, we've been in an element of where our channel partners have been correcting. And what I would say we've seen is that correction of their inventory position seems to have normalized. As we've ended March probably across our markets with the exception of being our Industrial business and total TE channel is up to about 20%. So what we've seen from POS trends which is what our distributor is selling out outside of Transportation and comm air type of markets, have been pretty steady. So we're watching those indicators to see if there's inventory builds. It feels okay right now, but there is the Industrial market that feels like it has a little bit too much inventory in it. And certainly with the demand impact and we're going to have to keep an eye on it. But right now it feels stable outside of Transportation and comm air.
Terrence Curtin: Sure Jim. Thanks for the question. So when you look at it -- our pricing environment has been relatively stable. And when I say stable, we do give in automotive and places like that productivity back to our customers and their annual negotiations -- their annual negotiations around the investments we make as well as the volumes they hit. So those discussions will be coming up what I would anticipate similar to other crises our price erosion will stay pretty much at the historical rates, it's been at based upon the value we provide. So I don't see us having an acceleration of price erosion. It is a key element of when we talk earlier about where we believe entitled margins for this business can be price supportive. And I don't see an acceleration that's going to happen in price erosion, because there's also certainty of supply that's also needed at the same time. And I think our position we have both from an innovation and the manufacturing with our customers create proper balance that we'll be able to keep it where it's been.
Terrence Curtin: No. On any one quarter, you're never going to have a perfect 4% to 6% because of all the supply chain elements that happen. So there wasn't anything specific. And the supply chain impact let's face it – it is an estimate on our behalf with all the moving parts we have. But the content that we see happening the 4% to 6% there's no change in that. And you should look at that over a year period or so not one quarter.
Terrence Curtin: Well, what we've said is some of the destocking in some cases because of the – being the automotive supply chain. The automotive supply chain is sort of – at least how I think about it is sort of a six-week just-in-time supply chain. It's not an Industrial supply chain or a channel supply chain that is very, very spaghetti like. So when we sit there and the way that we're guiding is we sort of assume as our customers ramp back up they will burn off this extra stock. Certainly that's our assumption. Could it last a little longer? Potentially but it'll depend how they ramp. And certainly they don't like a lot of excesses in the supply chain. So we view it would be probably over a three-month period was reasonable.
Heath Mitts: Sure. This is Heath. This is related to our sensors platform most of which was acquired in 2014 with the acquisition of Measurement Specialties. So, there's been subsequent acquisitions that have come into that platform over the years of smaller size. And – but there's been a downturn in those markets here for a while. And particularly in the Industrial space, which is about half of our sensors business. We've seen a downtick here going back several quarters as well as following the trends that we've seen in other Industrial businesses as well as in the commercial Transportation space, which is about quarter of the sensors business. So that factored in with a down – an outlook that is consistently down with everything else, we've talked about today did push us to take a harder look at where we sat relative to the accounting treatment of that and we've made an election in the quarter to take that charge based on the accounting rules that govern that. It's a non-cash charge and it kind of right-sizes the carrying value from accounting perspective.
Heath Mitts: Matt, I appreciate the question and the follow-up. So let me just try to clarify a few things. As we discussed and you mentioned earlier in your question, for the past couple of years we've been talking pretty transparently about what we're doing in the industrial space. And then about a year ago talked about several -- initiating several auto -- generally auto-related factory footprint consolidation. So we weren't caught flat-footed with this. Now the severity and the sharpness of a sequential downturn of 25% will certainly -- is something that is challenging to deal with from a margin perspective in a 90-day window. However, our focus continues to be on permanent cost reductions. Obviously we'll do things like furloughs where our customers have furloughed and we don't want people staying around our factories. But when we think about cost reductions and incremental cost reductions they tend to be in the form of permanent, so that our exit trajectory will move back into periods of growth will be stronger than when we entered it. That's a combination of both, accelerating some of the things that we already had in place, which this reduction in demand does allow us to accelerate some just given that we have the ability to ramp up inventory builds and some of the other things that are important to any kind of transfer. But we are also evaluating and moving pretty quickly through additional restructuring actions. So if my comments were light on that I apologize. We will be doing some things now on the factory side. Those are underway and I don't think there's something we have to start with a clean piece of paper on. But the business will be rightsized, but we're focused on what we look like and a more permanent perspective as we leave in that move that it makes in terms of our overall margins as we get back to levels of more normalcy on that particular front. And you also have to remember if you just step away from auto for a second we have chunks of the business that are actually fairly stable or at full production. Terrence mentioned defense, data and devices certainly our medical and our energy businesses those are businesses that -- we're in full production just to keep up with our customers right now. So it's a little bit different flavor depending upon, which chunks of our business that we look at. But auto specifically we'll make sure we're sized right for not just what we think the next couple of quarters are going to look like, but what it looks like for -- in our FY 2021 and FY 2022. And I think that's important to keep that in perspective.
Heath Mitts: Sure. And Will thanks for the question. Listen sensors continues to be a very important part of our -- that platform is an important part of our growth strategy. And we still feel very good about -- despite the accounting treatment that we undertook in the quarter, we still feel very good about the long-term prospects of where we are. Terrence commented on a question earlier related to the auto component of that revenue pipeline for sensors, which continues to be very strong. Now some of those things based on volume and so forth have pushed to the right a little bit. But our design in wins continue to be very strong within auto sensors. We are very well-positioned within the commercial transportation sensors as well. Now that's a business that we started feeling the pressure both on the sensor side, as well as our connector -- traditional connector side of the business going back in the late summer time frame of last year and certainly that has continued to be pressured. But we are very well-positioned from a market share perspective there. So between auto and commercial transportation that makes up about half of our sensors business. And then you get into the industrial piece of it. Industrial piece of it does touch a lot of different end markets, some of which are more attractive than others but no different than our industrial business within our industrial segment that we noted it was down double digits organically. We are feeling similar pressures within that component of our sensors business. So as you see us move forward, you're going to see us talk about it First Sensor fills in a nice product gap for us. We are in a very good position in terms of that. That's been a long process to get executed on. We currently own just under three quarters of the shares. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, we'll begin to incorporate some of those financials in our results in this third quarter. Moving forward and then there's additional processes that we follow within the German law and regulations to continue to bring the rest of those shares online. And – but we feel very good about the progress on that. It's just been – it's been a long process. And – but the product set and the manufacturing operations and what it brings to us is still very important. And so you'll continue to hear us talk about sensors as part of our growth.
Heath Mitts: Well, Shawn I appreciate the question. The normalized margins for the business as we've talked about, right which is TS up in the high teens towards 20 number; IS consistently in the mid- to high teens; and then CS kind of in that low to mid-teens consistently growing up towards that number. That has -- those are unchanged. Now, we're going to need to see in certain cases volume come back to support some of those things. But the longer-term actions that we're taking to take out more permanent cost will certainly help close some of that gap. So, as I think about the restructuring that we've done most of it's been fairly programmatic things that we've done that are very specific to facility moves within Industrial and then subsequently transportation and that continues on for the charges that we anticipate taking in this fiscal year FY 2020. The payback on those is kind of about a three-year payback which is a little bit longer than your traditional payback if you were doing things in the U.S. But you got to remember as we've discussed before some of the plants were taken offline are in jurisdictions where the cash outflow to get those things offline is a bit longer. So, the blended payback is about three years. I would tell you we're at different points depending upon which facility we're talking about. For obvious reasons, they've had different start and stop dates and there's challenges that in some cases are created based on this current situation with COVID-19, meaning that there are certain factors that maybe on the receiving end have certain things that have slowed so that's harder to do. And there's other things that have sped up because we're able to go through operational matters that are specifically inventory builds that our balance sheet can certainly support and allow us to get those costs out sooner. So, there's a blend in where we are. If you were just to ask me to try to frame all that up and for TE in total, I would say we're kind of halfway through that process. Sometimes a charge on the P&L can be taken a year plus before you actually see the savings come out just based on how the accounting for it works relative to when the costs are actually eliminated. So, there is a bit of a lag in terms of that. Thank you for the question.
