Tom Lynch: Thanks Amit for the comments, and yeah I think the way you summarized it is actually the way we see it. We have had obviously significant lift in the last couple of quarters, combination of the inventory of reductions being behind us, the restructuring kicking in and the resizing. Going forward its going to be a more normal margin flow through of 25% to 30%. The productivity improvement is certainly a very high priority in the company. There is a little bit of restructuring left to benefit the next year, year and a half and Terrence can comment on that in a minute, but I would think of it is, you know we're going to get back to normal margin flow through and as we said a month and a half ago, we were in New York investor day and we now see a 15% operating margin in target in the $14 to $15 billion sales range. So that’s at a much lower level that we had laid out two or three years ago because of all the progress we've made on portfolio restructuring and just general cost saving.
Tom Lynch: I think from when we talked to you last time, the estimates by the industry are a little bit higher in the $62 million - $64 million range, that’s where we moved from. So obviously we should benefit from that. Again we are watching it closely but clearly it was stronger in December than we thought. And I think the industry as a whole was stronger in January than the industry was projecting that would be. So right now the experts are calling $64 million for the year. 
Tom Lynch: Well, we pick up some data but I would say our view of it is that as this normalizes and production and our sales get more inline within production as the inventory get outs out in the whole supply chain. You're going to see at or slightly lower than where they ran in the past, just talking to most of our customers a year and year and half ago. They said, we probably had too much inventory. So, I think its going to end up a little lower but that’s hard to call right now because when things get tight, everybody pushes hard to make sure they get more than enough inventory. I think everybody is going to get a little smarter I guess the way it ends. 
Tom Lynch: We are planning for orders to decline in automotive starting the end of this quarter and to be down in Q3 and Q4. Our estimate is that in the last couple of quarters, we've benefited from about $100 million, $75 to $100 million of replenishment of the pipeline over and above kind of which you'd normally expect. So it's definitely our revenues hotter than end demand right now and we're factoring that into our planning for second half.
Tom Lynch: Yeah I think for the last couple of quarters sequentially we've seen first the recovery and then the pickup and the recall our industrial and infrastructure businesses within our Component segment. So that selling to the capital equipment makers, telecom infrastructure. We’ve seen a pick up in appliances particularly in emerging markets; there has been a fair amount of stimulus in China for example on appliances.  Our networks business hasn’t turned yet. As Terrence mentioned, that’s still down sequentially little bit of that is seasonality but we are talking to customers, we are starting to see signs that we expect that to start going in the positive direction in the second half. The same with aerospace, our aerospace defense and marine business, you know again that was down about 5% sequentially. We think later second half that will start to pick up and hopefully the (inaudible) will begin to build and so the product will have to get laid in for that pipeline.  So, the way I think of that sort of the big picture, and with that not getting specific on guidance obviously because visibility is pretty limited but auto as I said on the prior question is going down we would expect, based on everything we see, not dramatically its still doing a lot better than we would have thought three or six months ago and the industrial infrastructure network specially product side of the business is going to come out of the troughs so to speak.
Tom Lynch: We have been in the touch business for several years and its genesis was really out of the Raychem company that was acquired 10 years ago on the material science that goes into enabling touch so very natural place for company to have gone and we like the business for the obvious reasons. Our focus, our success, we have pretty nice position in many market, the leadership position in the commercial and industrial so if you go into photo kiosks, retail, hospitals more often than not, its our touch screen, not always branded our touch screens says we are able to sometimes brand them for our customers. So that’s been a good solid part of our business. The other thing about touch is, there is a number of different technologies depending on the application so the same technology that you would use on an iPhone, which is not a technology we have, we wouldn't use in an industrial saying because it's not robust enough. What this Sensitive Objects does is it brings Acoustic Pulse Recognition capability. It's a different type of touch enabling technology, it's relatively new. We've been developing in our business as well again for commercial application and so it's been developing it for consumer and mobile applications and between them we had a tremendous amount of increased our just sheer technical horsepower around the capability which is very promising about it is that its lower power, you don't really need a template. So if you think of a touch screen today, there is a screen over the actual monitor that you touch and with that also enables is that you can use any kind of stylus for this kind of touch, so you could use your finger, you could use the stylus, the old PDA kind of thing As we said in the opening comments, we're still a year to two years away from many significant product, so this is R&D investment for us, but we have a very nice position in the touch business. We wanted to strengthen it, and this is something we've been looking at for a while. We've worked with this group for a while, so we're very excited to have them as a part of the team now.
Tom Lynch: Yes. Sure, I mean the acquisition pipeline is, it's getting more robust. We've been working on it for 18 months. I think we've been, this is our first one. We've been thoughtful about it because we had to get through the divestiture pipeline first, and get in better fighting trims so to speak to be ready to do M&A, but we've been working a number of opportunities for a while. As you also know it takes a while and you have to be very active to get down to a couple so we have come a long way in the last year in that pipeline.
Tom Lynch: Well I wouldn’t get that specific but I would say generally if you think about where our primary focus on M&A and partnerships is exceptionally and specialty products and networks. So we really like the networks business between our Undersea Telecom although that’s not in the network segment but if you think of all of our telecom business, our component side of it, our enterprise business and the service provider business. We are at top one, two or three player depending on the region and all those but we like to stay clearly with broadband now continuing to proliferate and outpace everybody’s expectations in terms of all the data that’s lying over the networks. We think in the long haul it’s an attractive space and it’s a space we'd like to get stronger and so it's an important one to us. I think in the short-term, this proportionate switch I would say were reemphasis or increased emphasis because of the smart phone impact on capacity into wireless which is great stuff for anybody that’s in the networks business is slowing down our wireline business. There is going to be significant opportunity though as the structure continues to change to more fiber connecting the base station. So, we are still very attractive about the fiber piece of it. But overall we like the business and some of the things in our pipeline and definitely focus on that business.
Tom Lynch: In terms of the region, the $300 million were last year’s revenue in China. I think we are going to be on closer to $400 million this year and so obviously that markets robust we have been there a long time and we provide a wider range of capability than we typically do in a mature market especially to the local OEM because they are earlier on the learning curve. So it's very attractive for us. I think we will continue to see Asia driven by China and India become a bigger part of our overall automotive business. I don’t think you are going to see massive changes year-over-year but a gradual study that becomes a bigger part of our business as far as content goes we really haven’t seen anything significant yet when we think about content we think about increasing our content from model. So as I think about it really the content in every model whether it’s a low end two cylinder car or an 8 cylinder, 12 cylinder car in Europe the contents going up for all the reasons you know about the averaging impact of; hey there are more small cars this year than last, there is a little bit of that but its we have always estimated that as a $1, $2 and its definitely in that range of no significant shifts.
Tom Lynch: You could look at it that way. It's because anytime you are in inventory replenishment cycles you're going to get the suppliers like us are going to sell, we are going to grow at a higher rate than actual end production and I mean if you go back to the last year production was down in '09, 22% we were down 31% and in some quarters, it was much more pronounced than that. This year in the first quarter production was up double digits, and we were up 10% more than that, so you see the catch up happening that, I think that's actually lasted a little longer than we expected.  We would have expected it to end a couple of months earlier, but it's still happening which I sense is a good sign of where our OEM customers think and demand in, but we have the short answer Shawn is yes, all things being equal the way we see them now. Automotive revenue for us would be a little lower in the second half and the first half. 
Tom Lynch: Typically, we haven’t been there for few years, what we've gone through Shawn but if you look at it typically, components typically has a normal [point] if you go back to '07 type period before that, typically where we get impacted is quarter one and quarter four are weaker quarters impacted by shutdown in the first quarter by OEMs around automotive around the holidays and also in the fourth quarter due primarily to our European automotive sides there that you get the European holiday. So typically both of those quarters are about 5% lower and a normal environment than our second and third quarters. So you really have that the middle quarters are your stronger quarters in component and then the first and forth were a little bit later.
Tom Lynch: What they are saying is they expected it to start showing up in the summer I would say, late spring or early summer which would be our second half, we are seeing some signs of that but this is also typically the weakest time for those businesses particularly service providers and energy because all that works are applied. And our strongest areas are the U.S. and Europe and increasing strength in Asia but most of the world were our businesses is pretty cold right now. So it’s a typical slow down. I think it’s a little hard to call right let's say you go back to 6 or 9 months ago and sort of tell us it was going to slow down that turned to be the way it was. Now they are telling us its going to start picking up so we are hopeful of that and we've seen just little signs of it but got to watch it closely.
Tom Lynch: Well year-over-year what you are going to have is when you compare year-over-year certainly those businesses came down later in '09 versus, so their first quarters were typically strong. What I think to what Tom said, Shawn you will get a seasonal pickup in the summer months naturally coming into our third and fourth quarter in these businesses what I would say is do we get a sort of a multiplier effect that spending kicks back in from a compare perspective. So I think you will see year-on-year growth in those businesses in the summer months. That is just due to natural seasonality versus how they came down last year but the real question that I think when we look at the orders is, is there a sort of a spending catch up that happens in those late quarters. 
Tom Lynch: Pricing hasn’t really changed too much. If we look at our overall pricing erosion it's still running south of 2%. I think that we are a little bit better at it than we have been in the past is where we have the opportunity to react to commodity costs, we're doing that. As you know this is a business of literally thousands of price quotes a week. But generally speaking, haven’t seen any major shift in pricing at all.  
Tom Lynch: Well I think the compares, I mean if you compare it to the low, auto has already got a couple of months of improvement under it. I would say industrial, because it started later but that's a lot smaller business than auto for us although we are a leading player there.
Tom Lynch: Okay, we'll wrap up then. Thank you for taking the time today to join us, I think we had a questions that we could not get to, I apologize. We want be respectful of everyone’s time. Yeah, our team will be around all day to answer any follow-up questions. So thank you and have a good day.
Terrence Curtin: Yes from the restructuring prospective on that, when you look at it like we said, coming out of last year we had about $15 million as savings that still need to click in and that clicked in the first quarter. There are some other effects going out through the year but it's pretty negligible, it's not big. So, it does come per volume. So I think you're thinking about it right home. 
Terrence Curtin: And Matt just to add to what Tom said, we talked about the 64 million vehicles. We do expect that quarter one production levels were about $16.5 million vehicles in quarter one. That also we're planning to come down to about 15.5 million vehicles on average through the rest of the year quarter two throughout quarter four. So that's how we are looking at the year. 
Terrence Curtin: Short term would have a minimal impact that's all included in our guidance per the quarter. So it's not a big impact when you look at it.
Terrence Curtin: No I think just where we are and with the guidance that we gave going from quarter one to quarter two, I think you are going to continue to see pretty solid cash flow. We may have some other restructuring cash, it could be lumpy but I think you're not going to big spikes upper, big spikes down.
Terrence Curtin: Well, it's Terrence. It's about an incremental $10 million from quarter one into quarter two and that is included in our guidance.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, one thing I would be in pressure that if you go back to my revenue comments is that in our service provider market as the Telcos have really cut back capital and have cut back specifically in wire line that has really hurt our margin and the Network Solutions segment overall just from a mix prospective. So when you look at it that business was down 25% year-over-year as well as almost down 10% sequentially. So that is putting a burden on the gross margin and operating margin in that segment. We do think that we have hit sort of a bottom point in that business. We did see some uptick in orders late in the quarter. So really it all comes down to really a market mix is what we are dealing with right now.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Tom mentioned of Raychem, cost actions and what we went through last year we are getting cost based in check was one element, certainly it was improving our productivity and the operating leverage on just cooperation and what we saw during the quarter was with the volume improvement we had mainly in the component segment, we were able to convert very nicely on it, not just there was a cross actions but also improved operating leverage. So, it’s the cost action when we look at, what laid out last year, that’s completely on track what I covered back on investor day from a footprint has on track and that hasn’t change but really what we got is when the volume came through, we executed very well in converting that volume and have a very nice flow through. And so the benefits that are still to come are like I said small sequentially in quarter one to quarter two about $10 million but we are also getting efficiencies in our plant. As volume has ramped and that’s really what you are seeing in the guidance and around that $2.9 billion to $3 billion level like Tom said we would expect to be around 12%. 
Terrence Curtin: And then Brian just to add to that, just to frame the commodity environment that we are in right now, with the fixing program we've done and last year we turned off the hedges so we didn’t get a big windfall last year due to metals. Right now we’re probably experiencing may be a $5 million per quarter headwind in quarter one and quarter two due to metals and its really more on gold and copper and that probably increases up to a $10 million later half in the year if gold stays around the 1,100 (inaudible) a day and copper is around the 330.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah I mean think about it, with the trend that Tom talked about already [prime], one of the things that was nice about what we saw in our first quarter was the industrial markets, when we talk sequentially, all orders been up 15% in the first quarter sequentially. It was pretty much 15% in the consumer markets and the industrial markets that we serve and that covers EC, Specialty Products and Network. So we are starting to see some more momentum at this phase. I think it will be more along those industrial type infrastructure markets later in the year.
Terrence Curtin: I think the most activity is always in the consumer in the mobile space in terms of just because of the life cycle of the product. So they are shorter, but clearly there is a tremendous amount of development going on in the automotive space and hybrid vehicles where we have a really excellent product line in more and more entertainment in the cars and you know changing, looking at more efficient infrastructures in the cars, a lot of activity around weight reduction and size reduction of everything including our components and even though there might be a small part of the equation in a jet or a car still a lot of the demand for our customer. So the technology envelope continues to be pushed. I don’t think we saw much slowdown in that during the downturn which I think plays to a company like our strength because we kept up the investment. We didn’t back off at all.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah, Wamsi let me, if you look sequentially and you strip out currency, we were up about $35 million from quarter four to quarter one, engineering was up about $5 million, the pension expense was about $5 million and the remainder was incentive compensation. Going sequentially out through the quarters, we do see and the things we touched on investor day, our engineering continuingly to increase as we do some of the investments we covered on investor day but I think the way to think about it is right now when we look at the year we're probably going to be around 13% SG&A rate this year and R&D will be around 5% of sales if we stay around our top line at where we're right now.
Terrence Curtin: We have 600 million outstanding on our authorization still, so we will continue to look at it. What are the strategic opportunities? We do see that increasing off the first quarter levels and will assess it as we see market conditions and as we see our cash generation. So, I think you can see it increasing as we go through the year.
