Heath Mitts: Thank you, Terence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I’ll provide more details on the Q1 financials. Adjusted operating income was $565 million with an adjusted operating margin of 16.9%. GAAP operating income was $484 million and included $75 million of restructuring and other charges, and $6 million of acquisition charges. As a result of market weakness, we are broadening the scope of our cost initiatives across our business and accelerating cost reduction and factory footprint consolidation plans. You should expect us to aggressively pursue incremental restructuring to reduce our fixed cost structure, while balancing the investment opportunities which enable future growth. And we're confident that with these initiatives, we expect to exit the year with a more nimble cost structure, which will enable future margin expansion and earnings growth. We're currently working through these restructuring options and we'll update our estimates as the year progresses. Adjusted EPS was a $1.29 at the high end of our guidance range and included $0.05 of headwinds from currency and tax rates. GAAP EPS was a $0.11 for the quarter and included restructuring and other charges of $0.16 and acquisition related charges of $0.01. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q1 was 18.1%. And looking ahead, we do expect a slight decline in our tax rate in Q2, for the year, we expect the full-year adjusted effective tax rate to be in the 18% to 19% range. Now if you turn to Slide 9, sales of $3.35 billion were flat year-over-year on a reported basis and up 2% organically. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $73 million versus the prior year. We expect the full-year impact of currency exchange rates to be $375 million which is consistent with our prior view. Adjusted operating margins were flat sequentially as expected at 16.9%. And as Terrence mentioned earlier, I'm pleased that we could hold operating margins flat in the fourth quarter with over $160 million of sequential revenue decline. We do expect Q2 margins to modestly drop from Q1 levels as we adjust our operations to the lower outlook. In the quarter, cash for continuing operations was $328 million, that's up 16% year-over-year and free cash flows nearly $70 million, which is in line with our typical seasonality with $209 million of net CapEx. Also we returned $645 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. And of course this includes the return of proceeds from the sale of our SubCom business that we completed last quarter. As I’ve told you in the past, our balance sheet is healthy and we expect cash flow to be strong, which provides us the ability to provide organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth also allowing us to return capital to shareholders and still pursue bolt-on acquisitions. With that, I will turn the call back over to Terence to cover guidance.
Heath Mitts: Wamsi, it’s a good question on restructuring. As you mentioned, we had already had some assumptions in with our prior guidance and consistent with what we had talked publicly about over the last year and a half or so, which is some of the footprint consolidation opportunities within our industrial segment. We are broadening that as I mentioned in the opening comments, across portions of the rest of the other two segments, part of that is volume driven and part of it is taking advantage in this weaker revenue environment, opportunities to get after some things that we may not have been able to do, where capacity would have stood otherwise. So in addition to Industrial, it hasn’t broadened. And then the other thing to think about, we did sell the SubCom business and closed on that last quarter. And when you remove $700 million of revenue out of your P&L which is roughly what SubCom represented to the corporation, we do have some stranded costs in the middle of the P&L and operating expenses that you will expect us to tackle and we are going after those as well. In terms of quantifying it, we're still in the process of several of these initiatives. We're not in the point now, where I will want to dwell with the number but certainly as the quarter progresses and we get this call back together in about 90 days, we'll give you an update in terms of both the magnitude of charge over and above what we guided, and what you should expect from a savings profile from now.
Heath Mitts: What's assumed in our guidance - first of all, Shawn, thanks for the question. You're correct. We’ve returned $645 million in the quarterly, roughly $500 million of that was the buyback. And this proportion, remember that $500 million did come from the SubCom proceeds, which was about $300 million. So we obviously put that to work in terms of getting that back to the shareholders as we had committed to when we announced that transaction. As you think about the year in terms of the buyback, we generally say about a third of our free cash flow goes towards the buyback. So let's assume that's about $600 million, you can layer in on top of that, the SubCom amount and that gives you up to about the $900 million number. I think that's probably a fair way to frame that out. Now, in terms of, we are always looking at opportunities to intelligently deploy capital, that's not suggesting that we're going to do anything in terms of additional leverage, but we will flex from time to time in terms of where our capital is deployed and at times, when we look at the stock price relative to with the intrinsic of value of our company based on our strong free cash flows, that dislocation does create opportunity from time to time and we will flex a bit higher as it makes sense. So we'll keep you posted, but I'd say from a modeling perspective, you can use kind of the normal one-third plus the SubCom proceeds.
Heath Mitts: Amit this is Heath. I think as we think about the first half to second half, you've got a couple of things going on. We do have a little bit of normal seasonality in terms of first half to second half revenue and that has natural leverage that comes with it. That's not a huge number relative to maybe we've seen in the prior years, but there's a little bit of seasonality embedded in our revenue guidance, and that does have an upward impact on the margins. The very pointedly we've had restructuring activities going on. Some of the things that we do benefit from particularly as we get towards the end of our fiscal year, are some of the activities that we've been undertaking in our industrial segment, as well as some of the things that we're going after non-facility-wise rather operating expenditure’s relative to some restrained costs for the SubCom divestiture. So there are some are structuring activities that certainly benefit us in the back half of the year. You are correct, some of the newer things that we're running now tackle don't have the – you don't get as much near-term help on that, but that will certainly set us up very well for the next several years.
Heath Mitts: Deepa, I think your question is a good one. In terms of our Transportation, we're running at about 18% here for the last couple of quarters and certainly that's below our target margin for that segment, which has a disproportionate impact on the overall margins for the company, given its relative size. As you think about our Transportation business, the way I would think about it is, you'll see the margins begin to improve sequentially as we move through the year. And much of that is driven by some cost actions that you'll see that are under way right now. And as those prevail in terms of our end of the year exit rate, you'll be closer back towards that 20% number that historically has been our target for that Transportation segment. In terms of the Industrial segment, that is really relatively unchanged. When we talked about 90 days ago on our call was that, this year, you won't -- we've seen significant step up in our Industrial segment margins over the last two years. And as you work your way through these footprints, consolidation activities and these are fairly sizable things that are underway right now within that segment. You should expect that the margins are going to stay relatively flat, maybe modestly higher as we go through this year within Industrial, but you'll see another step function improvement as we go into the next several years, as these facilities come off line. So not a lot has changed on the Industrial side relative to margins in our expectations. Certainly, we would see a recovery towards the end of the year within Transportation.
Heath Mitts: Let's take CapEx first. So our CapEx as we guided last quarter was expected to be in the range of around $850 million for the year. We'll bring that down some as we've seen certain activities slow down. But you got to know that the vast majority of our CapEx fortunately is tied to customer programs. And we win a customer program and that's not just within auto or commercial transportation, that's really across the board. When we win a customer a program that generally commit us to some level of tooling and fit-up in advance of production. So given the long-term horizon and the strength of that, we're still committed to because that's been - because that has the best return on capital, just about any other opportunities out - that's out there. So you should expect it somewhere in that $800 million, $850 million, will prune if necessary. The other point is exactly right on target though. Working capital won't be a source of cash this year. Particularly as I mentioned earlier on inventory, receivables will have a natural impact coming down with the sales and payables. We’ve a robust program to drive payables improvement, we're pretty good at that already. But you'll see inventory correct as well as part of - the needs to bring that down. So we would expect that as we make our way through the next three quarters towards the end of our fiscal year that will continue to be a source of capital.
Heath Mitts: A couple of things on the latter part, it's pretty small due to the weighting of the total segment Amit. So I won't over focus on that. On your point around the pipeline what we really like about this year sensor business is - you sort of saw the growth rate go down a little bit and it is being impacted by the global macro because there is a big piece of it that those go into industrial transportation, those go into industrial applications today. But as we go through the year you're going to see some of the auto wins that we’ve had as those launches happen later in the year, helped the growth rate sensors. So we are getting the benefit of those there as we told you. They were later in 2019 events just due to have auto production hits and those launches hits, so you'll continue to see more positives on the auto side than the sensors as we go through the year and where we are today.
Heath Mitts: Deepa, as I noted in the prepared comments, the expected effective tax rate for the year is between 18% and 19%. So we did drop out modestly from our original guide, which was closer to the 19% level. As you would expect, given the complexity of our structure, you're going to have some quarters to swing around, particularly when you have statute explorations that hit us at different points in the year. In terms of the cash conversion, I think you could still model it or it'll be up in that 80% to 90% range as we work through. We've increased our CapEx over the last two years as you can see in the numbers and there's still take - there’s a little bit of lag for the depreciation to catch up on that in terms of how that math works, but it will be up in the higher end range would be our assumption for the year in terms of free cash.
Heath Mitts: Steven, there is some incremental restructuring that we will benefit from in the back half of this year, certainly relative to our original guidance and that's one of the reasons we're able to withstand on the lower revenue growth, a pretty low flow through down to our revised EPS, is largely tied to our ability to get cost out of the business. Now having said that, there will be - part of what Terrence and I have had mentioned earlier in this call, we are taking advantage of the slower environments to much more aggressively go after the fixed cost structure of the business and that will enable us to have a step function improvement in terms of overall profitability in the out years. So, we’re focused both on preserving income and cash flow for this year, as well as what it sets ourselves up for to drive profitable business going forward.
Heath Mitts: Well you know how many customers we have, it’s basically well over 0.5 million. So to sympathize that it's very different pending about where they are in the world, as well as other opinions they have. So I really can't answer that. I think everybody has been planning and working around a tariff environment and I do think that creates uncertainty for all of us, so people go to the conservative side versus the aggressive side, and that's really the only color I can give you from our customer discussions.
Terrence Curtin: So, let's take it - I’ll start with the second piece and then I'll get into the regional if that's okay. Thanks for your question, David. First of all when it comes to electrification and autonomy or connected vehicle, I would tell you that nothing has changed. The amount of car rates that we have and it's one of the things we will balance to the softer environment to make sure we capitalize on those trends and you also see the benefit of those trends even in our first quarter, where our sales were down in a much worse production environment. And I think you're going to continue to see that content growth even in this weaker period where we outperformed production. Now when you think about your first part of your question, so let me go back a little bit and talk about auto. Clearly production is slower than we expected. When we started the year and we guided 90 days ago, we guided to what we thought was going to be a flat environment. We thought relatively flat in Asia, relatively flat in North America and slightly down in Europe. Clearly car sales in China were very weak in the first quarter, production adjusted in and we're also seeing production been adjusted here for the rest of the year. So, when we look at it, we do expect China production to be down 10% this year, European auto to be slightly worse than our prior guidance going to more mid-single digit down versus slightly down that we set the core, and North America staying where it is. Actually when you think about how we see that going throughout the year, we’re actually seeing and expecting from what we hear from our customers production is going to be more constant throughout the year than you normally would see. So with this week first quarter around 22 million units, we do expect that production is going to stay around 22 million units per quarter in our fiscal year plus or minus a little bit. So one thing I do want to stress and you mentioned in your comment anything we talk about auto production is on our fiscal year basis, which is very different than how others talk about which is more calendar basis.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Wamsi, thanks for the question and let me take the first half. Number one is let's go back to how we talk about content growth and how we’ve talked to you about and how do we think about it. And it has been in a 4% to 6% content range. And over the past couple of years, we've had a constructive production environment. You saw us actually overachieved that 4% to 6%over the past couple of years. And that also, you’ll see a little bit of supply chain effect, take that up in a growth environment. When we look at it, you're exactly right. We're still towards the lower end of our content range this year. There will be a little bit of supply chain effect, as well as lower value vehicles but that's included in our guide, and that's why you see it more towards the lower end of the content growth. I would say on a quarter-by-quarter basis, as supply chains adjust to a slower environment, you may see some separation that ounces around a little bit like we've always told you, but long term, the 4% to 6% and what we see the trends going and I think all of us who purchase new vehicles, you see the content around autonomy see, certainly the electric vehicle continues to pick up, no matter and it's also new product cycles and launches. And those launches typically happen later in our year, and due to product cycles don't typically hit early in our fiscal year, they typically hit later in the year and there, assume that our guidance as well. So with that, I’ll turn over to Heath.
Terrence Curtin: No. Chris, I would tell you, you know order rates are staying right around this one book-to-bill. So, I would say other than China which was meaningfully weaker in our first quarter, it does feel, it's stable at a lower rate. And if you think about our guide change, we needed to step up and we sort of expected orders to stay around that $3.5 billion in our first quarter, and a little bit softer than due to China. So, we're looking at our order rate even in early January, does feel stable at a lower rate. Certainly, we're continuing to watch it. And we need to focus on clearly what we can control that Heath talk about. So, and it's very - it is mixed, you see only orders, our industrial orders were up 6%, and we see very good strength in aerospace, in the medical. We also continue to see broadly, very strong growth in the United States. So, there are mixed views between different angles you look at it. But China was weak across the Board and the adjustment is primarily due to China that we're adjusting to.
Terrence Curtin: Well, in China, as I said on the call, our orders were down 22% and auto was weak, due to the weaker decline. And we’re planning the supply chain, you're always going to have some supply chain adjustment that's happening as people relook at their production to their end customer. So, whether that’d be a car buyer or an appliance buyer, anything else that is happening and so, we are going to work through as they do it and that as the supply chain element to it. Typically, they last three months to six months. So, depending upon the market, I would say we’re sort of in the early innings of that is what we're going through. I would say that is not consistent globally in places we have a healthy environment like in industrial, like in North America. I would say we see pretty healthy demand orders. We don't see contractions, but certainly in China we are seeing some contraction as people it's just normal behavior.
Terrence Curtin: That a question that's probably beyond me. So when we look at it, clearly there's a lot of moving parts in the world, we would like all the moving parts, because we're global free traders, might we able to give everybody confidence. But when we look at it, we do not have stimulus in our guidance, is the way they should be thinking about it. And we would like constructive resolution to those matters but we've got to plan to what's in front of us and the environment we're seeing and that's what we’re doing.
Terrence Curtin: Mark, it’s Terrence, thanks for the question. First off if you’d like we think about data and devices and a lot of the repositioning we've done at that unit it was really around making sure that unit has pointed to high speed. Certainly the hyperscale which is broadly when you think about that entire high speed market is very lever to Asia you know the whole supply chain certainly some of how the ODM elements tie into it. But we look at hyperscale we do expect hyperscale to continue to grow nicely. We do see their capital being down slightly not down in dollars but the growth rate declining a little bit over last year. And the other thing that we saw was during the quarter - later in the quarter due to how much of that supply chain around it, that we did see orders around that supply chain get conservative. So I do think the positioning of the business is very strong. Certainly we're experiencing the broader Asia weakness is touching that like our other businesses. And what I would say it’s more around what we're seeing in Asia which is well above 70% of the revenue in that segment - well above 50% sorry, the revenue in that segment is tied to Asia. So it is something that we're being caught up with some of the other weakness we are seeing in that region.
Terrence Curtin: Well, let me start with the automotive piece. Certainly, when you take our position in automotive and the share we have in automotive, no different than we did in our last week period we had. We gained share and while we will adjust our cost base. One of the other things that's very important is that we're also very much focused on winning at the same time and when you think about our coverage in China, where we cover the entire landscape of the 50 OEMs that are in China through broad technologies. We will focus on gaining shares. So, I don't see some of the adjustments we're making impact and share there are actually very much discussions around how we gain share in these market environments, when other competitors typically scale back. In the data and devices side, certainly there’s an element which goes support China and then parts that support the globe. I don't think the competitive dynamic will change and what supports the globe certainly there is a piece that is very much around China OEMs. I think we just have to continue to watch with some of the dynamics to the earlier question. But right now when we think about the technologies we bring as long as our key competitors in that space. I think we have a significant advantage in the high-speed area over local companies and we will continue to invest in that innovation to keep that competitive low well and trenched going forward.
Terrence Curtin: Steven, given the severity of the slowdown particularly in the areas we've already talked about the call across China and parts of Europe in the back half of the quarter certainly, we did see some pressure on driving inventory up. Fortunately, that has in our model that comes out pretty quickly in terms of our ability to reduce inventory as we both correct our expectations both from a cost structure side as well as our revenue expectations around what's needed. So, in terms of anything that's systemic there's nothing there and you should see amatory levels come down fairly significantly between now and the end of the year. There are a couple instances where we do have facility consolidations that we have talked pretty openly about within our industrial segment and in a few other places. And that does as we're in the middle of any type of facility consolidation activity that does tend for over a short period of time drive inventory a little bit higher in those cases where you're producing buffer in order to handle the transition into new locations. So we have a little bit of that going on as well and that will continue sporadically during the year you'll see little bumps in terms of that. But otherwise nothing other than just the slowdown that drove some of that.
Terrence Curtin: Couple of things, first, let me just frame our industrial segment wallet it, it does have a China position, it's not as weighted to China and Asia as our other businesses, it is - it has a heavier weighting more to Europe and North America. So I do think that that’s part of it versus the other trends. Also it is the mix that you should indicated, and I'll go back to if you look at our orders on the earlier slide I mentioned, our book-to-bill in industrial was above 1, I think it's around 1 of 7. So it is having very good order trends and it goes back to the markets we talked about. It does go back to we're seeing a very strong commercial aerospace, we're seeing - also seeing very strong defense market that is pretty broad in our aerospace and defense unit, we also continually see the benefit of our investments in medical that where you look at while our industrial equipment which includes medical is down slightly. Our medical business is offsetting what we talked you about even probably about nine months ago that we expected factory automation to get a little slower because of wells running well above trend line. So, when we look at industrial it really has not changed. And honestly from an orders perspective you know was the one segment in the first quarter where orders came in where we expected for the year and working continuing to see good order momentum and industrial around those key markets I talked about.
Terrence Curtin: Jim, I made that comment. And that is you know a total company comment. Certainly, we have levers that are different by our segments. And when we made that comment that was truly made had a view point of earnings per share and at a total company level. And certainly as he talked about, we do expect operating margin to improve I think we did a good job highlighting the levers, but certainly our earnings power, we also viewed, we're going to continue to improve as we exit the second half versus when you compare year-on-year.
Terrence Curtin: Well, a couple of things. When you think about it that you're right some of our incremental decline is around. WLTP has been lingering and we also have certain customers really get extended shutdowns that went into January. So we did see a weaker European environment due to WLTP and certainly shutdowns there. And just the overall tone around Europe whether it's Brexit, whether it's WLTP, whether it's cars going from Europe or Asia, it is sort of reflected in our outlook. But what I would tell you we are sort of seeing probably off the point we were in the fourth quarter, you'll see you're sort of more normal your shape which is typically auto production in our third fiscal quarter takes off and then sort of gets in a little bit slower in the fourth quarter due to just traditional production bill schedules. But we are still expecting Europe to be down mid-single-digits with the bulk of that happening in the first three quarters of our fiscal year.
Terrence Curtin: No. Good question, really. How we do design and we're actually with the times and so forth. So that's really not having an impact on us just due to where we are and how we do our design work with the primes in that space.
