Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which start on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $465 million, which includes restructuring charges of $71 million and acquisition related charges of $3 million. Restructuring charges were $311 million for the year, which was higher than our $275 million guidance. Given the progress we made on projects already announced, we implemented additional items that we originally expected to occur in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2014, we anticipate a substantial reduction in the level of restructuring activity with charges of approximately $50 million. Adjusted operating income was $539 million with an adjusted operating margin of 15.7%, up 220 basis points from Q4 last year. The improvement is driven by 3% organic sales, productivity from TEOA and benefit of accelerated restructuring. As Tom mentioned, we did benefit from a favorable mix in the quarter. Adjusted EPS were $0.93 and GAAP EPS were $0.92 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.13 of restructuring and other charges and $0.12 of income related to tax items. Turning to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 33.7%, which was a record level for the company. This is a 190 basis point increase versus the prior year, largely due to continued progress in our TEOA or lean programs driving increased productivity with reductions in both material and conversion costs and improved profitability related to the integration of Deutsch. Total OpEx spending was $617 million in the quarter, which is flat versus the prior year despite sales being up 3% organically. On the right side of the page, net interest expense was $30 million for the fourth quarter and I expect approximately $31 million of expense in the first quarter with a decline of about $1 million per quarter as we move through the year in 2014. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax sharing agreement was $7 million and largely in line with guidance. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23.8%, also in line with guidance. In the first quarter, I expect other income of about $8 million per quarter dropping to about $6 million per quarter for the remainder of the fiscal year. And expect the tax rate of 24% to 25% throughout fiscal year. Now turning to Slide 11, I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash from continuing operations was $595 million and our free cash flow in Q4 was $412 million. Full year free cash flow was $1.5 billion. Capital spending during the quarter was $183 million or about 5% of sales. This is consistent with our anticipated spending rate of approximately 4% to 5% of sales going forward. Receivable days outstanding were 61 days and inventory days on hand were 68 days, both metrics remain in line with our expectations. Now let me discuss the sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. You see we began the quarter with $1.3 billion of cash and ended the quarter with about $1.4 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $313 million to shareholders. We paid dividends of $103 million and repurchased about 4.2 million shares for $210 million. We expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million per quarter during fiscal 2014 consistent with the 2013 levels. Outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter. On October 18, we filed the press release calling for the redemption of all the outstanding 5.95% senior notes, which were to mature on January 15, 2014. The slightly earlier redemption is part of our normal cash management. And while no decisions have been finalized regarding replacement of this debt, I do not expect our capital structure to change from the redemption and continue to expect that levels to be about $3 billion. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Robert W. Hau: Yes, Mike, this is Bob. Across the board in 2014, we're seeing improvement in operating margin from all 4 of our segments. As you know, we had significant restructuring activity is 2013 and we see the benefits coming through into 2014. We've indicated about a $100 million at exit. Into 2015, we'll see that $400 million. In our 2014 numbers, you have probably between $60 million and $70 million of operating income improvement from those restructuring activities. And of course, we continued down the path of lean and our TEOA activity. So all 4 of our segments, obviously, participating in that where we have the good top line growth obviously in our Transportation business and Industrial where we're seeing mid-to-high single digit growth, we'll get some nice volume leverage in our Industrial and Consumer business -- I mean, our Consumer and Networks businesses where they're a little bit more flattish, margin improvement will be harder to come by.
Robert W. Hau: I don't want to get into guidance by segment but I think the key -- and I've mentioned this in the previous answer, if you look at the volume growth overall top revenue Transportation, Industrial being kind of mid-to-high single digits Transportation, obviously stronger than Industrial but in general, nice improvement. That's where we're going to see the higher lift from a year-over-year standpoint. Consumer Solutions and network, we're seeing real benefits from the restructuring actions that we took in 2013 and continued improvement in new products have higher margins but without the volume lift you're not going to get dramatic improvement in the operating margin. Now obviously overall, I'm doing very well grown from the 14.2% we had this year to 15% next year. But clearly, Transportation and Industrial are doing majority of the heavy lifting given the volume.
Robert W. Hau: Just adding onto that regarding M&A. We have a robust pipeline. But as you know, we're pretty thoughtful about it. We really focus on strategic fit. But I would expect and we desire to continue to round out our product line and our overall connectivity portfolio. It's a big market. We have the broadest product line but we're not satisfied yet. So we're always looking, but we don't build that into our outlook.
Robert W. Hau: About a third of our business is done in Europe. The biggest part of that is Automotive. And a pretty significant portion of that business, 20% to 30% is exported out. So it's a little murky to walk through. But in general, we're strong in all our businesses in Europe and that has depressed our growth rates over the past 2 years but we have a strong, profitable businesses there, our best businesses, Automotive which as I indicated is continue to be a good business because of the export base. Our strongest Energy market is in Europe, which has been a slow this year, very slow, but we're starting to see signs of picking up. We have a pretty sizable telecom business in Europe, which is not very fiber rich yet. So we're encouraged about the prospects for that and we are seeing some green shoots so to speak in some areas of accelerated fiber build out. And our largest industrial equipment business is in Europe, which has been slow but is also, as we mentioned in overall Industrial business, showing signs of stabilizing and picking up. So I'd categorize Europe end market demand as being feeling a little bit better, but off of a low base. So it's nothing to get gleeful over yet but the stabilizing is the way it looks.
Robert W. Hau: The $60 million to $70 million is for the full year. We'll exit a bit higher and what we've said is $100 million plus benefit into 2015 once we hit that full run rate.
Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Will. I think we're going to continue to generate cash at around the net income level. So I'd say it's in that 14, plus or minus. I do expect some CapEx to increase year-over-year and restructuring charges are down but restructuring spending is about flat. So and the early stages of restructuring our cash outflow lags our charges and that eventually, it catches up. Bob, I don't know if you want to add on to that.
Robert W. Hau: Yes, the charges that you see or saw in 2013, that's $300 million plus, the cash flow is out really over 3 years, simply the majority of it is in 2013 and 2014. '14 it's up slightly, but not significant one.
Robert W. Hau: I'd say relative to the relationships of the businesses, Transportation and Industrial, which are a long cycle highly engineered, harsh environment businesses, which honestly is that we do best at, have a higher flow through than the Consumer, which is the other end of the spectrum where you need volume particularly in devices to get flow-through and volumes has been intermittent for us there. Networks is sort of the mix. Our Telecom Networks business, again, highly engineered products and harsh environment, high flow-through. So you'll typically get higher flow-through in Industrial and then Transportation and Telecom networks.
Robert W. Hau: Amit, actually the comment on the script was over $1 billion, so I mean, again, it's early in the year so.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 12 and I'll cover our outlook. As I mentioned earlier, we've seen solid improvements in our order rates over the last couple of quarters in most of the end markets we serve. And although the overall global economy feels like it has more momentum than it did this time last year, though, there's clearly still uncertainty given slow job growth, the weak economy in Europe and an unsettled U.S. government budget. When we take all these trends into consideration, this is our guidance for Q1. In Q1, which is our seasonally slowest quarter of the year, we expect organic sales growth of 4% to 7% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 14% to 20%. At the midpoint of the guidance, adjusted EPS would be $0.76, an increase of 17%. I feel like this is a really good start to our new year. In Q1, we expect continued strong performance in our Transportation and Industrial businesses with high single-digit year-over-year growth. We expect our Network Solutions segment to be down slightly as improving conditions in the telecom network marks -- -networks market are offset by the softness in our DataComm business and continued project delays in SubCom. We expect our Consumer Solutions business to be down mid-to-high single digits as Q4 trends continue into Q1. Please turn to Slide 13. Now for our full year guidance. Based on these current trends, we expect our organic revenue growth in fiscal '14 to be in the range of 3% to 7%. We do expect the continuation of solid demand in the Transportation and Industrial markets as well is in the Appliances and Telecom Infrastructure markets. We expect continued softness in our SubCom business as contracts coming into the force remains low until at least the second half of the year and we expect our Consumer Devices business to be about flat. We expect to continue our execution momentum and to deliver adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.50 to $3.80, which is about a 13% year-over-year increase at the midpoint of our guidance range. This improvement is driven by organic sales growth, another year of strong productivity and the increased benefits of restructuring. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to deliver 15% adjusted operating margins for the full year at $13.9 billion of revenue. We also expect a significant reduction in restructuring charges as our footprint is much improved. Overall, this was an excellent quarter, a very solid year of earnings and sales growth -- and our cash growth and I feel good about our momentum entering fiscal '14. I'm confident that if the global economy continues to recover, we are well positioned to deliver attractive sales and earnings growth. Now let's open it up for questions.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes. I don't think it's -- there's any sudden change in content growth. But I think it's a couple of things. One, we continue to do well around the globe and are growing in every market. And believe we continue to move up our market shares. Secondly, the Industrial Transportation business is very strong with the heavy truck market. And that's a pretty high end market for us. So that's also lifting our growth rates.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Mike. Right now, I'd say SubCom feels flat year-over-year but the second half is hard to call. I think there's probably more upside than downside based on the project pipeline and when we map the extent of this project pipeline to prior years, we know all projects will not come into force but if we look at the typical come into force rate, we would expect to see things starting to pick up in the second half and as we watch projects move through their funding process. That's where we'd expect though -- first quarter is pretty much what the first quarter is going to be. Second quarter is probably going to be close to that. Hopeful that the second half picks up and these contracts that we won come into force.
Thomas J. Lynch: Well Europe definitely has higher content. And Europe, you really have to break it down. On the surface, which is the local demand for cars in Europe, that's been weak. But particularly, the German OEMs, they've been strong as they export quite a bit and that's where we are strongest. So we don't see a dramatic change there. We see a slight improvement in Europe for us. So there's no big swing in our numbers based on Europe.
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say it's going to be down, but most of the decline is because we exited some very low-end business this year. When you take that out, we're going to be slightly down. I think that's mostly just the slow market. But we're in the middle of the pack player there. That business has gone through a lot of restructuring over the last year, so I don't anticipate any significant additional restructuring there. Never say never, but we stepped up to that about 6 to 9 months ago.
Thomas J. Lynch: Probably the easiest way to think about that is if you look at where the investment went to $300 million, roughly between networks and consumer, 70% of the spending were in those 2 businesses. So you'll see that majority of the benefit in those 2 businesses. 40% networks and about 30% consumer.
Thomas J. Lynch: Commodity is definitely helping on a year-over-year basis, you have to be a little cautious, number one, there's a lot of the year left and our commodities still move. Additionally, with our hedging program that benefit feathers in over time. But on a full year basis, if commodities were to hold where they're at today, there's probably $45 million to $50 million of tailwind for us on a full year basis.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, Jim. We have baked in the share repurchase at that $150 million to $250 million range, the range of repurchasing we had in '13 and we plan to continue that per quarter going into 2014, so that's baked in, a modest improvement in the shares outstanding minus reduction. In terms of acquisitions, we have not baked into our guidance any acquisitions we may or may not do into 2014. Obviously, if we were to conclude any acquisitions in the year, we've revised our guidance to that point.
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say Australia for sure is still -- are very attractive. what's going on there, as you know, the changing government, they've got to sort through how they want to build the broadband network. The prior government was fiber to the home. This is more like fiber to the node. In both cases it's a lot more fiber in and a lot more broadband in the country had today. So it could affect us, $10 million, $15 million a year is our estimate right now, which we have included in our guidance. So we don't see -- I mean things could change, but we're not getting any indication and we're very close to the organization down there. On China, we are being [audio gap] in China, it's where we play in the network, it's a business you need to be selective in. I would say generally, this is reflected in our guidance, the market hasn't been as attractive as we saw a couple of years ago, a lot of competition, a lot of low-end competition, so much like we do on our energy business in the market like China. We're selective in playing were quality and reliability really matters. But from our telecom perspective, that business has been a slow business for us. The opposite side of the road on automotive so to speak, which has been, it continues to be a booming business for us.
Thomas J. Lynch: I said $1 billion, but it's early in the year. Last year was the year of no M&A, to be determined what happens this year. Well I think, think of that as what we see right now, that's what is the most likely range. What happened this year as we progress through the year, there were no M&A opportunities that made sense to us, so we increased the buyback. That could happen again or if we see the right opportunities that are strategic and help us strengthen the company and increase our growth rate, we'll go in that direction. But at this point, I'd say a $1 billion is the way to think about it in total.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, everyone for calling in. Just one reminder. Our Investor Day, the first one in 2 years is in New York on November 19 and we look forward to hopefully seeing all of you there. And until then, have a good couple of weeks, see you late November.
